for more gameplay heavy titles i 've seen a lot of people advertise through let 's play channels but i know that 's probably a lot less effective for something like a vn .
posting on forums posting on social media social media ads etc ?
i 'm looking for an anime where a shy guy wants to approach a girl he likes in high school and he struggles because he does n't want to mess up and it goes from there .
president marco rubio sat in his office in the buckhead house sighing into his hands .
he had n't want this dominican situation to collapse into all out war .
the americans had signed their mutual defense pact with the dominican republic not hours ago obviously to force the southern hand .
previously the closest ally to the south they had decided to value the dominican republic more than them .
he yelled and the general walked into the room quickly .
with this decree from the president all units in the southern federation have been ordered to defcon 1 .
sns wally schirra lewis and clark class ammo and resupply ship
sns city of bismarck spearhead class expeditionary fast transport ship
sns matthew perry lewis and clark ammo and resupply ship
sns cedar mountain lewis and clark ammo and resupply ship
when you know what is right but ca n't do anything to make it happen ?
i stand by the firing of les i will never stand by the hiring of o .
this week only solidifies my worst fear with regards to the football program .
orgeron will go down as one of the worst coaches in college football history and we are stuff with home for years to come .
my freshman year when the program was at its peak .
slowly over the last 3 years games have become boring a predictable .
a defense that is always tired but plays well anyways etc .
people like f king and joe alleva can not be trusted to improve our athletics/school .
one i fear could last for years maybe a decade .
the glory days are over all because of a homegrown coonass named ed orgeron .
i have been playing xbox my whole life and while i 'm not a super serious gamer i 'm definitely more than a casual '' .
i have been playing overwatch since the free weekend and sale last november and i honestly think it might be the best game i 've ever played .
i 've recently started a busy graduate school routine and so ca n't play as much as i used to but when i have the time to play overwatch it remains consistently excellent and is such a fun escape .
other favorites that have come out during the era that i had more time to game oblivion cod4 mw2 halo 3 mw2 gears of war 1-3 destiny 1 eso some of these i would include in a hall of fame with games like halo 2 cod4 witcher 3 dark souls grand theft auto .
among all of them i 'm starting to think overwatch is the greatest .
for obvious reasons the game has become a source of serious frustration to some people i 've been there as well .
however i wanted to take a second and share my serious appreciation for the work that blizzard and the overwatch team have put into this game .
so many gaming franchises and companies are starting to treat their customers like shit and are ruining their narrative and integrity for the ability to nickel and dime their patrons .
the amount of work blizzard puts into keeping an incredibly unique and fresh game up to date is astounding in comparison to their competitors .
i know overwatch has in-game purchases but we get several of what are effectively game expansions multiple times per year for free .
other major titles are literally charging their loyal customers double just to get a complete game cough cough ea .
i put 100 hours on overwatch in the blink of an eye and would gladly go back and pay 120 for the base game knowing what i know now about how much work they continue to put into it .
not only this but the updates are fairly responsive to what the community is requesting .
like i said the nature of overwatch naturally causes people to feel and express some pretty intense frustration .
i just hope it does n't wear out the development team too much because they have blatantly gone above and beyond with this game .
i guess what i 'm trying to say is this blizzard you blew my mind when i was a young kid with world of warcraft .
as a veteran gamer i think id like to place the title of what i think is the greatest game ever made '' on overwatch .
i hope this might somehow alleviate the stress that the gaming community might sometimes cause you .
so i may or may not be gming my first proper session soon tomorrow ? .
i have several ideas for overarching plotlines and worlds any of which can be sorta frankensteined together in time hopefully .
this game if it happens will likely all be strangers and some/all may not have played an rpg before .
so i feel what this hypothetical game really needs is a very solid session zero to hammer out expectations allow me to adapt to what people want and hopefully give me some guidance in planning it before session one .
so rather than sleeping i decided to make a checklist for that which i am now posting here to hopefully get feedback/additions to this list in time for it maybe getting used .
specifically pathfinder dnd 3.5 other dnd editions anything else in that order ?
explain way things roughly work if anybody says no .
plot vs open world what balance is everyone looking for ?
do we want a sandbox world to mess around in ?
are people wanting to do voices and hold first person conversations regularly/exclusively ?
or are people uncomfortable with voices and stuff and would prefer talking often in third person ?
make it clear this one is ok play how you want to play .
humour vs seriousness how seriously do you want the world/characters/pcs to take things ?
general comfort level this is more to do with what content everyone is comfortable with in terms of the icky no-go areas like sex/torture/etc .
really just to mention that if i 'm gming my policy is if it needs to happen it fades to black .
and see if anyone else has more to add to take into account .
general lethality level how comfortable are people with the idea their pcs may die ?
general power level both for the pcs and the world .
do we want a world full of epic adventurers and dragons or a closer-to-the-ground world where a level 5 adventurer is a rarity ?
game-affecting house rules which do i like using which do the players object to which do they suggest .
build-affecting house rules do they want to try gestalt on for a spin ?
have mythic from the getgo or have it hidden away to perhaps be found in the world by the enterprising ?
pvp set general rule for pvp for me this is if it really makes sense and both players are ok with it at the time '' unless otherwise requested .
for all forms of pvp not just direct combat .
basic world info i figured i 'd save a brief overview of the world and what races are common/expected until here basically to give me time to feel the group out pick a half-formed idea and shape it on the fly .
party alignment are the players in general looking for a good heroic adventure ?
or maybe they want a mixed party with conflicting goals .
newly formed vs already existing party do we want their characters to already know each other and be currently working together ?
or do we want session one to be getting the gang together ?
party roles figure this is the place to have the tanks healers dps is for video games '' talk if necessary and say that roles do n't really matter play what you want though it helps to have a face/some utility/and some damage .
here is the part where hopefully people have maybe a rough idea what characters they all want to play individually ?
any big conflicts ie a paladin and a necromancer get hammered out here .
here we look at fleshing out builds and getting in to that lovely feedback loop of mechanics in to character back in to mechanics .
maybe not finalise builds but get everyone started with an aim to assist and finish before session 1 .
this looks pretty long now i go back over it but i think these points are all fairly important to get sorted before you start .
knowing that most of us do not know are unsure or wrote weird shit like harambe or 9/11 me in the security questions .
would it not be optimal that deca resets the questions and let everyone redo them and have us write them down since they are apparently our lifeline ?
btcc usd exchange is a btc/usd exchange from the company behind the longest-running bitcoin exchange in the world .
in creating our usd exchange we consolidated crystallized and applied customer feedback from six years of operation to create the ideal exchange — one that is easy to use and access with an intuitive interface that creates an effortless trading experience .
btcc usd exchange is geared for dedicated traders too with a customizable and complementary library of over 100 technical indicators websocket api and a fast trading engine .
btcc usd exchange also has 24/7 customer support to ensure fast onboarding deposits withdrawals and troubleshooting .
this fall btcc usd exchange is holding a promotion in which maker fees will be 0 from 00:00 am utc on september 25th 2017 to 23:59 pm utc on october 8th 2017 .
we 're also holding a captioning contest on social media in which we give out 50 worth of bitcoins each day to the best caption to a graphic we post on social media .
follow us on twitter https bt.cc/twte or instagram https bt.cc/inste for more .
please contact us at support btcc.com if you have any questions about btcc usd exchange .
please note that btcchina is separate from btcc and is not affected by the recent changes to crypto exchange regulation in china .
i 'm in my late 20s now and recently headed back to school in software engineering .
i 've been taking up interest in developing games on the side .
at the same time i try to keep myself up to date with all the newest games so i can keep up with current gaming standards and the industry trends but i find myself unmotivated to play them .
i do n't know if it 's me or if the games itself are boring .
i do enjoy developing software and making games is something i like to do i like putting things together and seeing all the cogwheels turn but i find myself really bored playing someone else 's game single and multiplayer that i just zone out '' tunnel vision .
story in games usually is a good motivator for me to push through but these days i 'd rather just watch a movie instead .
i grew up loving games like chrono trigger and megaman yet i ca n't even get myself to push through playing great indies like hyperlight drifter hollow knight or even the newest zelda anymore..
we have had game channels set up and if there is demand i 'm sure more games can be added .
alright so i 'm looking for some saucy improvements .
people say the processor i have sucks so please inform me on anyway i can improve it with what i have or just link me a better one thats 150 bucks .
also im not good with computers so please bear with me
if you guys need anything else please dont hesitate to ask me i will stop eating meat for fps ty
i am new to pfsense and have been trying unsuccessfully to route all network traffic though cyberghost .
i have tried generic open vpn setup guides and it shows that the link is up and that it is sending/receiving data .
i just can not get it to route all network traffic though it after that .
this sucks because i all ready paid for cyberghost with hopes this would work perfectly .
if anybody has gotten it to work could you share your steps ?
i have an amazon fire tv connected via ethernet not wifi and 200 down internet .
nothing else taking up network resources ... and still i get buffering on multiple channels .
i get great streaming 90 of the time but during live events like sports that 10 completely ruins the experience .
not to mention live sporting events which go over the scheduled time becoming unavailable .
i think the idea of vue is great but i 'm having a harder time justifying paying for this service the more i use it .
are other options such as sling better for live events ?
hi i 'm 22 and looking to have some fun on snapchat !
i 'm slim and athletic with a little bit of hair and a nice sized cock .
3 years 3 god damn years of pouring my heart and soul into this long distance thing to make it work .
3 god damn years of getting closer and closer to you everyday of developing an addiction to you and your love .
3 god damn years and you just snap your fingers and say that 's it ?
that you think it was a mistake to have a long distance relationship in college ?
well fuck you for making me fall in love with you .
for making me want to try my god damn hardest to make this work .
for making me believe that we have a chance to get back together .
for asking to me to wait for you until you 're ready to date again .
cause you 're the only one who fucking matters right ?
enjoy your fucking time alone because when you come crawling back you 'll get nothing but silence and two middle fingers from me .
would so much to me if you check it out .
jungle wilderness miles away from kaiwa tribe territory third day of the 3rd season
for what was the third time that evening karib complained about the lack of food they had brought along for the journey .
i get that we needed space for the gifts but a few pineapples would n't have hurt us . ''
you are more than welcome to go back to kaiwa and report of how your inability to concentrate cost us the envoy . ''
juma did n't bother looking back as she led the single-file line .
though the grumbling of her stomach warranted a small huff from karib .
it was indeed a stupid idea to not bring some kind of food though no one wanted to place the blame for forgetting such an important part of a journey .
it was a responsibility all of them were equally at fault for .
kuweba probably only meant to just state it though it sounded more like a warning than anything .
sure enough it was already getting dark and the fireflies began to do their dance across the jungle 's foliage as if mimicking the envoy 's march .
it was comforting to the group as they kept walking forward .
we were told that the village was n't too far from the river . ''
kuweba spoke again though this time it sounded like more of a threat .
thank you kuweba for your continued reflections on the status of the world .
it does n't normally take this long to get that dark . ''
as soon as she said the last 'dark ' the word seemed to hang in the air .
the jungle became silent allowing everyone to realize how hard their heartbeats were going .
somehow the fireflies dimmed out of view the regular ambiance of the jungle stopped and their feelings of vulnerability were amplified .
as if a trace washed over them they realized that they were in the domain of the dark .
je looked around and scrambled closer to the group from his place at the back .
kuweba barely began to draw breath to speak before juma shouted at her .
i do n't want to hear anything from you . ''
kuweba shut up and only looked down to the ground .
tucano was tempted to drop the basket of goods from the canoe to console her but that 's when he saw the fire up in the distance .
and people would mean ... well not being in their predicament .
he cleared his throat and motioned to everyone with a nudge from his head .
juma tried to keep the desperation out of her voice but she was desperate to be embraced by anything warm and with light .
everyone was so preoccupied and eager to find the source of this light that no one really bothered to stop and take into account the pace at which everyone was going .
maybe the story would have turned out differently if juma the self appointed leader would have seen the thing slithering at the back of the line .
to be fair anyone else should have turned around to make sure everyone else was keeping up the pace .
maybe then they would have seen the things slithering up from behind the line seconds away from claiming the slowest of the pack .
though that would only pass as an afterthought for the unfortunate survivor of this ordeal .
all that they cared about was getting to the safety of the fire away from the dark .
their imaginations were running wild and at this rate their 'imaginations ' would soon catch up to the 4 remaining kaiwan representatives .
so i do n't care if i have to re-fabricate .
i have super bad ocd when it comes to certain things .
but i also have problems with being a completionist and i do n't want to wasted my blue teleporter .
however my friend who also plays the game put it in the wrong spot and i need to know if i can remake it after i destroy it .
like many i 'm at the point at the end of the year where i have many devices to think about .
the lg v30 seems amazing the pixel 2/xl 2 is sure to be a hit for people like me that love stock and samsung has a bunch of excellent phones out .
honestly against my better judgment i 'm seriously considering the s8 .
i had the s6 and it suffered from ram issues and the s7 i had was pretty laggy after 4 months or so .
but the s8 even after 6 months on the market is still in one of the top three best looking phones .
this time i waited to see how the s8 was after a couple of months .
feel free to respond if you 've had your device for three or four months but i 'm really interested in the people that have been there since day one .
edit i 'm not going to lie ... i was kind of hoping at least some of these would be bad experiences !
nearly every single response has been positive with just one or two nitpicks .
i was trying to narrow down my decision between the v30 pixel 2 and s8 .
now i 'm right back where i started ... but thanks to you guys the s8 moves to the top of the list .
the other huge bonus is i 'll probably get the s8 for 200 less than the v30 or pixel2 .
i had no idea there would be such an emphasis on mental illness .
i 'm kind of dumbfounded by all the information gathered by the author .
to think of the possibility that i would not be so fucked up and miserable ... if only i grew up in an impoverished 3rd world country ... instead of the us ...
that 's the opposite of what i would have assumed .
but i also know there 's a huge difference between quantity and quality of life .
currently a bengals bar in chicago and i noticed something strange ... .
frat boys and srat girls looking for love in alcoholic encounters .
every one of them give off a dickbag vibe .
from the drinks they order to the dance moves they bust out .
a whole group of cincinnati fuck hole benjuls fans .
detroits d has looked awesome so far but seattle as a good matchup against indy .
but they have been underwhelming point wise to say the least .
please forgive the salty language but this is a legitimate cry for help it 's breaking my heart that this keeps happening .
i have 3.4kmmr 350 games on nature 's prophet 56 winrate 100 winrate in five games in inhouses with players ranging from 3k to 5.0k .
i make a difference in my games i push i gank i farm the enemies hate me my teammates commend me it 's a goddamn masterpiece .
but then i get to my fucking matchmaking games and i try my fucking hardest i try playing greedy i try ganking at every fucking opportunity and it works about 50 of the time but the other times i 'm trying my absolute goddamn hardest and he 's just countered by fucking everything .
i 'm too fucking tilted to speak logically but time and time again i become completely disillusioned with this hero because i try so hard to do anything and it just does n't work because he has nothing and is countered by anything .
i lack a solid disable so i go orchid and i sprout and they quell out so i treant block and they walk out with phase boots and i fucking cry .
the only place this motherfucker does anything is in fights but you ca n't get your fucking team to fight for you because they feel unsafe unless they see you going in but frontlining ai n't none of your goddamn business .
so i get to the point that i ca n't see shit and i would love to ward but if i tp in to place a ward in the treeline that 's a massive fucking risk because they could see it coming and kill me the nanosecond i get there and if i buy shit like force/blink/shadowblade im countered by other heros that have things on their own .
a goddamn support is my worst fucking nightmare as a 10k networth hero because they 'll get my ass killed and i ca n't kill them because they have one fucking defensive item and suddenly nothing i have means shit .
tl dr someone for the love of god tell me how to win games on furion in the 3k skill area .
please do n't make any new submissions about the rain or sun .
the rain highly skittish and easily startled we do not want to scare the rain off so let 's all play it cool guys .
if you are onsite please post updates about the weather in this thread !
this is where you suggest games for lps or one shots for our favorite best friends to play .
full lp quick look creepy anime bs fisticuffs etc .
any other relevant info you feel should be part of the suggestion and most importantly why they should play it .
back in 2011 when battlefield 3 was releasing it was going to be 24 players on consoles .
one of the most dumbest things i ever said and could give a headache was is n't the tv the one that is powering it ?
it is what we are seeing the xbox is just playing the game but the tv is running it ''
another one was during ps4 and destiny where i bragged about destiny on ps4 also playing killzone shadowfall and i once said i bet it ca n't look that good on a pc ''
the people you see dumb enough to defend consoles in the present are just as dumb as me when i was younger .
i use jksm to manage multiple save files up to the first pokemon center for quick redemption .
the melting pot is a free-for-all music sharing thread posted weekly .
we 'd like to invite everyone to reply with ...
anything you 've been listening to recently and enjoying .
if you 're an artist share your music with us and tell us about it .
guidelines to get the most out of these threads ...
always provide listening links for anything you share here .
tell us a little bit about what you 're sharing .
format any posted links as follows artist song title '' https www.yoururlhere.com instead of just posting the url .
ak redline ft 0.24 ibuypower on wood katowice 2014 3x faze|https imgur.com/a/zbgny 27
awp redline mw 0.14 ibp on scope katowice 2014|http imgur.com/a/qyvmu 26
awp redline ft 0.21 ibp on scope katowice 2014 2x ibp c14 ibp dh14|https imgur.com/a/xczij 25
ak redline ft 0.22 navi holo on wood hrs katowice 2014|http imgur.com/a/4x8zv 28 23
awp redline ft 0,22 hellraisers holo on scope katowice 2014 https imgur.com/a/lbvca 16
awp redline mw 0,14 virtus.pro holo on scope katowice 2014 http imgur.com/a/b2wdw 15
glock blue fissure ft 0,17 team dignitas above mag katowice 2014 http imgur.com/a/2xy6q 2
most my katowice'14 skins with best position wood/scope and low float all sticker unscratched !
sticker kennys gold krakow 2017|unused/unapplied most rare gold krakow sticker https imgur.com/a/m11ml 80
souvenir m4a1 master piece bs 0,91 krakow 2017 match between navi vs g2 signed by bodyy black piece 6 highest float https imgur.com/l9bbqqp http imgur.com/a/yyeun 57
st ak blue laminate ft 0,26 ibp on wood c14 3x titan katowice 2015|http imgur.com/a/ejgm8 7
ak blue laminate mw 0,16 vox on wood c14 3x vox katowice 2015|http imgur.com/a/6xord 4
krakow 2017 cobblestone 8x snax 6x stewie2k 3x shroud 3x pashabiceps 15,5 each
i figure this is probably a farfetched specific request but does anyone have a gif of a shorthaired chick lifting up a short black dress in a hall way from behind .
i think i saw it in r/holdthemoan or r/ass .
ever since i can remember my twin and i have never been able to tolerate cold temperatures .
if i 'm wet and theres a breeze or the air is 'cold ' my lips turn blue and my skin transparent and blotchy same with my twin .
the temperatures are n't what normal people would consider cold in my opinion as last time this occurred it was 17deg celsius and all my friends were fine .
i 'm fairly sure it is innate as my twin has it as well
before i discuss this i just want to let my viewers know that these are my picks so please do not hate on the post just because i said that the moon is the best place to stay over everything below the earth 's equator during a nuclear war also i 'm not a really good writer so please do n't say that i suck at this kind of thing since i already know .
i have also used my own facts and opinions during this top 10 one thing most people do n't do now these days to be honest .
n.o.r.a.d was built during the 1950s as the cold war grew bigger and bigger and the fear of nuclear war .
it could fit more than 7,000 people mostly political leaders and such .
it has its own hot springs and underground water in the caves below it and inside it i also forgot to mention that n.o.r.a.d is a bunker its very large its almost as big as a small town but its a large city that can withstand a direct hit from one nuclear weapon but after that one nuke hits it its vulnerable depending on how big the nuke is that is .
my grandfather william mercer actually worked inside the bunker only as a mechanic to fix tanks and trucks that was back in 75 during the end of the vietnam war he probably continued to work in the bunker until 77 .
greenland is located up north above the equator yes yet this may be a likely target for a nuclear bombing but the population of greenland is very low which means two things
1 a nation with nuclear power would not nuke iceland since who would want to nuke a country with a small number of people when you can nuke a bigger nation with 2× the number of people '' .
2 the fall of a bigger nation or people who want to avoid the war can easily go here since there is enough food and space to live in but just hope that the nuclear winter does n't come fast .
new zealand is located next to australia on australia 's east coast and located to the west of brazil this small island would be an unlikely target for a nuclear war since the population of the island is very low and is below the equator .
the radiation in the air from the hemisphere might reach new zealand so you should stay indoors at all times and put duck tape over your doors and windows if you do it right you 'll survive but if your an unlucky one like me you are probably already experiencing the radiation .
there are over thousands of unmarked islands in the pacific many of them may harbor a new species of some sort but who knows !
these islands are pretty much self-working which in my words means that it can replenish replenish and replenish .
if you do n't get what i mean feel free to ask in the comments .
most missile silos have been left abandoned by the u.s and soviets after the cold war if you are lucky you may find old mres that have n't been used yet an mre is a meal ready to eat '' all you have to do is add water and done !
you may also find old guns and ammo that may still he bale to be used but be warned there may be some radiation in the silo since this did have a nuclear bomb inside it but i really doubt there is enough radiation to kill you since these silos have been abandoned for a long time they may also still be operated if the power still works that is .
zurich is located in the middle east between murich located in germany and lyon located in france the reason why this is a good place to hide from the terrors of nuclear war is that the population is small and zurich as a whole is small as well leaving it an unlikely target unless you are dumb little kim jong un .
yes this may be a freaky place to be in during a nuclear war but look at the bright side this place can hold more than 10,000 people and it can probably survive a nuclear blast depending on where the nuke blew up the oxygen food and water is what you really need to worry about though since the only thing you can find in this place is spiders rats and sewer water not to mention there is no air flow so the oxygen is limited due to the cave ins .
the brazilian government does n't use nuclear weapons since they do n't want to be a huge target for the people like kim jong un they also have a stable government and they may be the best bet to survive a nuclear attack but there is one major flaw maybe two brazil is located above the equator which means they are a potential target another thing is that most of the wildlife would probably take over since the loss of bacteria and insects such as flies mantises butterflies and much more and since this happened the mammals and animals will starve leaving they 're only option to kill and eat all the humans and eventually each other this way mother nature can finally regrow leaving brazil as the most beautiful thing left in the world .
mostly everything below the equator will survive but since hurricanes can destroy plant life and carry air to a new location these islands are either salvation or the end of days .
but either way at least you died knowing you tried .
this may sound corny or something from a movie but its true the best place if possible is the moon or an other planet the only planets we know of that can support life are mars '' and super earth '' venus may also be one of planet that can be survivable but due to the acid storms and the heat of the planet due to the sun may kill is one way or an other .
super earth is a planet we found very far away it 'd take us until the 2200s to reach this planet though if we are lucky maybe the u.s or russia has already made a rocket that can go to this planet you 'll never truly know until you 've seen it .
if you made it this far i would like you to have a thanks and if you enjoyed please leave a comment below on what you think and if you could upvote me since it helps lots !
if you want to ask a serious question to me feel free to dm i am always on here since this is the only site or app i trust .
anyway have a good day ladies and gentlemen and do n't forget to survive otherwise it 'll be your life thats taken from you .
i am in need of a new laptop and for the first time i have a decent budget .
with my school it needs to be fairly light as i 'm moving it 2/3 times a week minimum and i need a 15 inch screen .
i have a ps4 pro for the heavy games but i would like to run tf2 dota 2 etc .
i 've done more research than i care to lol and have it personally narrowed down to the two previously mentioned options xps 15 or spectre 360 .
i would like to hear some thoughts on which of those is a better choice and especially if there is another option i have overlooked .
i dont want my waves token listed on the dex what can i do ?
10/01/17 bonus sb to-do list 1 step from complete bonus 1 sb
well does someone know the right chords or any lyrics ?
all i know now is the chords for verses are g-em-am-f m
ironically despite all the injuries the team 's faced at guard and tackle i actually feel much better about our depth now than i did at the start of the season .
prior to the opener we had the starting line set with bakh taylor linsley evans and bulaga .
outside of them we had very little proven depth .
i believe don turnstile '' barclay and jason spriggs were the only lineman on the team who had played an nfl snap outside of the starters .
however with the injuries it 's forced multiple players to step up .
kyle murphy played as well as can be expected at rt when bulaga went down ... things were much worse when he was at lt the week after but credit to him for performing decently against the seahawks front in week 1 .
mccray and patrick both guards started against the bears and did an ok job against a good defensive front .
obviously the quick passing game and rodgers ' amazing elusiveness helped mitigate the issues they would have faced with a less evasive qb but you have to credit them for holding up on a short week .
they also did a decent job run blocking ty had a lot more holes to hit than he did in the previous 3 outings .
so even though we 're all hoping and praying for our pro-bowl tackles to return it 's good to know that we have some serviceable backups if anyone on the line goes down again .
and on a slightly different note shout out to jahri evans many people thought he was over the hill but he 's been a very good fit on the line so far filling the shoes of lang .
it feels likes waking up from numbness.. from sleeping .
all of a sudden i 'm feeling.. whether it 's anger or despair or whatever i suddenly feel real and everything matters .
i enjoy it while it lasts but it usually causes me shame once i snap out of it .
which state do you prefer.. normal '' but slightly numb or alive but crazy '' intense/bpd-y ?
how convenient is it to have a car in the fleet or is it not as bad as it sounds to not have a car ?
stuck between the decision of buying an older jeep to get me through a couple of years or buy a gaming laptop .
each week r/audiodrama curates a list of suggested shows for a particular genre or type of audio drama .
star trek is a series with a long history an expansive lore and a premise that has inspired many people to contribute their own stories .
with a new star trek series being broadcast now is a good time to suggest any star trek audio dramas .
recommendations can be that of official productions or fan-made project and from any sub-genre .
for the benefit of people who have n't heard of your suggestion s provide a short description and links if available .
previous weeks ' topics that you can still contribute to
note reddit automatically archives posts that are older than six months .
next week the doctor who https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/64c5ri/raudiodrama_suggests_doctor_who thread will become archived .
archived r/audiodrama posts video games https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/62yu84/raudiodrama_suggests_video_games comedy series https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/61na7b/raudiodrama_suggests_comedy_series children https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/6093py/raudiodrama_suggests_children myth and folklore https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5yy5ni/raudiodrama_suggests_myth_and_folklore superhero https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5xm0jj/raudiodrama_suggests_superhero drama anthologies https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5w9grt/raudiodrama_suggests_drama_anthologies noir https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5uyo3w/raudiodrama_suggests_noir romance https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5tkqj0/raudiodrama_suggests_romance politics https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5s6ld8/raudiodrama_suggests_politics westerns https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5qt59i/raudiodrama_suggests_westerns musicals https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5pfxzj/raudiodrama_suggests_musicals urban fantasy https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5o68g8/raudiodrama_suggests_urban_fantasy science fiction comedy https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5mpw9t/raudiodrama_suggests_science_fiction_comedy and paranormal investigations https www.reddit.com/r/audiodrama/comments/5lf3h1/raudiodrama_suggests_paranormal_investigations
there are probably so many people on here who feel this but i 'm going to share anyway .
i hate everything about who i am and there 's nothing i will ever be able to do about it .
no matter what i do i will always be wrong somehow and there 's no way i can change that .
one day soon if not you i will have messed up badly enough that no matter what i say or do my boyfriend will break up with me and i will know for certain that i am nothing and have no purpose .
at that point i will kill myself and rid the world of this pathetic life i am living .
i just want to go ahead sms give an open apology to any and all who have had to deal with my insane bullshit including my boyfriend who already recognizes the failure i am who is nowhere good enough for anyone especially him .
why does my battleeye launcher suddenly block the loading of a bunch of different files ?
follow this vid if you need help https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qbtldvrh0hw
also make sure your virus protection software is n't interfering .
i have trend micro and it caused some trouble .
sever has been offline for awhile now never had this before was wondering if there was a reason i 'm missing or something .
i heard something on the radio recently about dating and race and just wanted reddit 's opinion on dating and racial preference .
for example if you find a certain race attractive by physical features is that the same as fetishising ?
if you choose to stick within your race because you have trouble understanding different cultures is that the same as the far right 14-88 '' style rhetoric you see neonazis use ?
i myself am bi dude and have an attraction to asian guys .
i only realised when i was balls deep and i could n't hear help ''
trying to find the full video and/or the name of the girl .
as the title suggests and yes i know i 've already asked before !
i 'm close to the marina gardens area and my gym membership is nearly up .
equipment is pretty limited and i 'm at a point where a training partner would be pretty good !
on a 5x5 routine with a bunch of accessory work also alternating days weight cardio weight etc
this is n't a suggestion i 'm simply curious as to what people would think of being able to choose your ordering .
thinning would arguably become irrelevant and as a consequence any deck disrupting abilities guardian shuffle effects etc would either become very powerful if they targeted enemies or very self-punishing if they targeted self .
an optimal '' starting play would probably be worked out that is the maximum amount of points possible in the first play which would further exacerbate coinflip .
unless maybe coinflip winner 's deck was shuffled after first draw ?
would you need to limit the silvers/golds in the top 10 cards then top 15 then top 20 ?
a max of 2 golds 3 silvers in your starting hand max of 3/4 in top 15 etc
like i say this is n't a suggestion merely fanciful musing .
she gets a pretty strong reaction when she consumes it and we even noticed that if we order from a restaurant that says the food is dairy free that she still gets bothered .
is it possible that her intolerance is so bad that she 's reacting to a cross contamination ?
if it 's that bad should we be replacing our kitchen items and having separate things for her so there 's no contamination ?
how would you feel about a spinoff movie about spock in the abramsverse ?
getting rid of some stuff that i no longer need .
prices include shipping can provide pics if you want .
please comment on the post before pming that way i have more control on who 's interested otherwise it will be ignored .
if you have any questions please feel free to ask .
in the past week 2 games have stood out to me as the most tilting games of the week .
i am a tank main that focuses mostly on reinhardt and winston .
during these 2 games the opponents chose to run comp in the title of the post .
this composition made my life as a tank so awful .
my barriers would disappear in an instant i would get hooked and melted if i tried jumping to their back lines the orisa would pull me or i would get hooked .
i could not think of a way to safely engage this comp without getting melted .
unfortunately even the phara on our team was getting destroyed by a widow on the other team during one of the two games .
as a tank what the hell do you do ?
is it best to get off tank and go dps maybe ?
what are some of the switches the tank can do or even what other heroes could the team run to help break apart this comp ?
doest it only show the message if the cheater was detected in the games you played with him ?
edit empowering rift has no effect on sword ammo .
basically i am a male that viewed as absolute shit by modern western woman .
im nearly 29 never had a gf and never will .
my life will be one of constant loniness why ca n't i kill myself to end it .
every single one can make a case to be on an nhl roster in some capacity
disclaimer these are not pairs just a visualization of how many we actually have right now
wish that mr. peters did n't have so much power ?
wanted labour to absolutely btfo national ? expected more seats from act ?
then why wait three years when you can instead join model nz parliament ?
r/modelnzparliament is a new simulation of nz politics and we are planning to simulate the whole lot general elections actual legislations etc .
if you want to join then simply click this https discord.gg/69gupyy to join our discord where we 'll help you set up .
additionally there is a beginner 's guide https www.reddit.com/r/modelnzparliament/comments/73ih0d/beginners_guide to help you as well !
we 'll be having our first general elections soon so join quick and you 'll be able to participate in that !
i 'm 27 ddf and i 'm just looking for something nsa .
i 'd love to meet in person since i am free tonight .
please pm me with your age and a photo .
me https imgur.com/a/eivym here is a picture of me so you can have an idea of what i look like .
there 's something so hot about paying a celebrity to do something for me .
whether it 's having them be submissive sluts for me take turns domming or just teaching me my place for buying them !
kinks footjobs/outercourse women with pubic hair pegging futas/shemales humiliation cbt machines sloppy oral sloppy seconds beast gloryholes anal impregnation condom play clothed sex clothed tit fucking feminism
are n't they a mix between the human and squid but that ca n't be for they have no bones but according to the secret scrolls they act just like humans but humans are extinct so how did they come up with a culture just like japan 's and wherever else they may be .
i 'm a big fan of immersion and while this is obviously impossible in the strict sense for self-studying there are still self-study resources for more than a few languages out there that focus on such things .
the lingua latina books destinos tv show and the french-language equivalent etc .
is there anything like in this vein for japanese ?
1 do i need to edit any files like in fo4 ?
please have done the raid before i want to get this done quick
now that the less-than-clever title is out of the way the meat of the post can begin
two months ago i posted an i 'm in bois '' with the image being messages from a girl saying the thinks of me as a friends .
well time waits for no man and so i 've resumed a crush that i 've meant to stop .
i meant to stop it because she and i have always been uncomfortable around each other and several months ago i wanted her friendship only because of the aforementioned girl .
she agreed that we should try to stop being awkward around each other and we 've had other text conversations before .
the problem lies in this the conversation and interaction we have exists only through devices even though we attend the same school .
i see here every day but the weight of the past is so much heavier in school than in text .
now comes the question how can i move our relationship out of the digital world and into the physical one ?
the game was incredibly fun like nothing else but just in a few months infatuation has been replaced by disappointment because it became apparent the game is desperately lacking any global goals so that whole factions had a reason to work together and fight for territory .
finally almost 5 years since release we have that goal .
tanks and aircraft everywhere everything is exploding waves of infantry advancing and me zooming around everywhere on ambusher jets hands shaking from adrenaline !
it took a long time but we finally have planetside .
this is what the game should have been after release .
edit i dunno how this thread has escalated to me being expected to defend cai which i do n't even care very much for but this was n't the intention behind this thread at all .
this only applies if your partner is wearing clothing designed for the opposite sex .
otherwise you need to cuddle up behind them and reach round instead .
this is my first time posting on this subreddit on a throwaway account .
i just want to post my story and get the opinions of some internet strangers .
this going to be a long post so apologies for that i 'll try and be as brief as possible and provide a tldr at the end .
also i may have done the tags in the title wrong not entirely used to posting on reddit .
for my entire life i 'm 28 by the way for context i 'm male an only child and live in the uk i 'd thought i 'd grown up pretty normally and had a good life with a loving and supportive family .
it 's only recently that i 've started to notice that the signs of narcissistic parents emotional abuse and gaslighting were already there .
i do n't even know where to start so chances are this is going to come out as a garbled mess .
i 've never really felt able to talk to my parents about anything .
i 've no idea where this has come from but i remember when i was about 10 we needed to have some vaccinations and i was terrified of being injected .
i did n't feel like i could talk to my parents about this because i felt like i would be made to feel stupid .
i do n't remember the specific incident where this view became cemented in my mind but there 's obviously something there that 's made me feel i 'm not able to talk to my parents my entire life .
things did n't start to get really bad for me in retrospect i felt things at the time but never identified them until i became a teenager .
at this point in my life the demands started .
to begin with this was for chores like cleaning the house or washing the pots or similar but as i grew up they got more and more demanding .
when i passed my driving test my grandparents got me a car then my parents would expect me to drop whatever i was doing whenever they wanted me to either go out and pick something up for them or take them somewhere for a night out or similar i should point out that they did the same in return for me in regards to taking me out which is part of what confused me the entire time but it was a difference in approach i would tell them i 'm going out next friday can i have a lift please ? ''
whereas with them it was more i 'm going out tonight can you take me ?
this is another common theme i feel unable to say no to their requests .
if i was to say no to something they asked me i would feel incredibly guilty because of it .
sometimes with my dad this would be put on me he had this way of making me feel like a bad person whenever i tried to say i did n't want to do something not so much by what he said but how he said it other times it would come from somewhere inside me in what i now realise was a conditioned response .
again i have no recollection of where this conditioning came from i do n't remember what instigated it in the first place i just know that my reactions show that i am extremely conditioned by them .
a specific incident i remember where i was gaslighted was a few years ago .
i 'd got myself a new computer chair and started building it .
my dad came through half way through and said i 'll try and get the emphasis right through text what are you trying to do ? '' .
i was stressed at this point so i replied i 'm not trying to do anything i 'm building a chair '' .
all i did was ask what you were doing . ''
most recently my grandma my mum 's mum who i was closest to out of my family had a stroke and was hospitalised .
she was unable to walk unable to talk unable to feed herself had no mobility in the left side of her body at all and not enough mobility left to write properly .
she was hospitalised for a few months then she was moved to a care home .
my mum basically guilted me into going to see my grandma more often than i was comfortable with .
i 'd have gone once a week if i had my choice but my mum made me feel like i had to go 3 or 4 times a week .
the thing is my grandma never liked anyone putting themselves out for her and i 'm pretty sure she was distressed because of the amount of running around people were doing for her .
my mum cut her working hours down to 2 days in the end so she could spend more time there .
during this time my partner did a lot to support me going to see my grandma with me and offering a lot of support to our family .
there was a distinct feeling that my mum did n't think she was doing enough however .
later in the year my mum decided that my grandad who 's been getting worse with alzheimer 's for years would be best moving in with us i still lived at home at this point .
the idea was that we 'd convert the attic i 'd move up there and my grandad would have my bedroom .
i was n't particularly happy about this because i knew how difficult looking after someone with alzheimer 's would be .
the money for converting the attic would be coming from my grandad so i suggested why does n't he give me that money instead and i 'll get a deposit on a house .
my grandad seemed happier with this than me moving into the attic and agreed so i moved out with my fiancée and got our own house .
i told my mum at the time that i did n't think it was a good idea to have my grandad move in as it would be extremely hard work .
in the year since then my grandma has sadly passed away my fiancée and i were in wales on holiday at the time found out at the time and i decided not to come back because i did n't want to see my grandma like that i 'd visited her and had a good last memory of her before we went .
my grandad 's condition has progressed to the point where he still recognises me but is getting confused a lot .
my mum has quit work completely to look after my grandad .
since my grandma passed i 've been going to my parents ' once a week spending about half an hour to an hour there to see my grandad and my parents .
a few more bits of history to tell first before i tell what 's happened recently .
my fiancée and i have always had the impression that my parents do n't approve of her .
before i dated her i dated another girl that my parents approved of .
as soon as we started dating i remember being told well she 's not coming round here '' by my mum in relation to their house she did eventually and the invitations to go out for meals which had always happened with my previous girlfriend stopped .
in the past year my parents have sometimes told us they want to buy us something or give us some money so we can treat ourselves .
we accepted this as we were struggling initially and this really helped .
so in recent months my partner and i have both been feeling anxiety over the situation with my parents .
we keep getting requests to go out for me meals with them now we 've moved out and are a couple .
i 've felt like i could n't say no to these requests due to my conditioning which was probably what was causing my anxiety .
it is n't until recently with my partner 's support that i 've been able to identify these feelings as stemming from emotional abuse .
my partner also has a history with emotional abuse and is unable to work a traditional '' job because of that .
despite this she is still trying to make money online from home and supporting me in other ways this is something else my parents have always had a problem with .
in the past year my partner has also gone through a hard time and lost family members in a short space of time .
a week ago we decided to write a letter from my partner 's perspective to my parents addressed to my mum but mentioning how she feels about both of them explaining how she feels due to the situation and everything that 's gone on in her life recently and that she needs some space .
we 've since shown this letter to friends and they 've agreed that it 's reasonable and that we were trying to open a dialogue .
i intended to take this letter round when i went round at the weekend and leave it there for my parents to find they 'd asked me to come round and get my grandad his tea because they 'd be out .
when i got there they were both there so i handed the letter over to my mum .
before she 'd finished reading the first page her comments were well she can f**k off then '' .
i then got both barrels from my parents telling me i did n't do enough to help them with my grandad i 've had everything i ever wanted and that the letter was full of lies .
i left my mum was n't talking to me and sought the advice of some family members and some of my partner 's family .
the next day i got a call from my mum saying you want to talk ?
most of the time during this conversation i could n't finish a sentence i was continually interrupted .
i wo n't go through the entire thing but here are a few excerpts .
what my partner has gone through was trivialised the exact words were what has this got to do with me ?
they told me that they 'd never disliked my partner even though i distinctly remember it .
at the same time they decided to bring up how my partner does n't work traditionally and that they 're concerned about me because of that .
my mum said that she was n't allowed to come round to our house we 've tried to limit this as this sets off my partner 's anxiety in a big way and she wanted to show off her son 's house '' to friends and family her words in quotes .
they told me i should be spending more time there during the week helping to look after my grandad even though i got out of the situation because i did n't want to be there then when i replied that i was busy and tired in the week because of my job i got the well you need to work no one likes it '' reply .
she made out that a lot of the events in the letter were things my dad had done even though the letter was addressed to her my partner does n't feel comfortable talking to my dad as he 's intimidating i 've since had a friend use the words toxic masculinity to describe him and the letter made it clear by saying you and dad 's name '' in a lot of places .
she told me that the letter was full of lies .
at one point i said i wanted independence and her response was well do n't take the handouts then '' in reference to the money they 'd given us since moving out .
she made out that my partner was being controlling the term wrapped around her little finger has been used by my dad in the past .
she brought up that i was n't doing enough to help and i asked have i done enough over the past year ? ''
referring to when i was visiting my grandma 3 times a week .
her response was no because you did n't come back off holiday when she was dying '' .
during the week we were away we got a call telling us that my grandma was dying on friday .
i thought things through talked things through with my partner she told me she 'd support me in anything i wanted to do and decided that i did n't want to go back to see that .
my parents told me that it was up to me and when i made my choice they told me that was fine .
we 've since talked to members of my family who remember this being said at the time as well .
on the sunday while we were away i got a call off my dad saying i think she might be waiting for you to come back and a week 's a long time to wait '' .
i stuck to my decision and did n't come back .
on the phone last week my mum went on to say it 's only a 2 hour drive '' it 's not it 's a 3 1/2 hours drive and you did n't even come back to see your grandma when she was dying .
and yes actually i do think she was waiting for you and she never got see you before she died . ''
she then went on to insinuate not say that my partner had had some influence on my decision not to come back the controlling thing again .
the call ended with me saying it 's getting late i need to go to bed i 'll see you later '' .
she replied no you wo n't because you do n't live here anymore '' .
in the past week i 've done a lot of reflection and have been unearthing more and more instances where i 've been emotionally abused or gaslighted without realising it and have started to realise the depth of my conditioning by my parents .
i 'm starting to think that my best choice might be to go nc or vlc and ghost out if i want to see my grandad i need to go to my parents .
i guess what i 'm looking for here is opinions on my situation and hopefully validation that what i 'm seeing is the truth and i 'm making the right choice by cutting my parents out as much as possibly can .
tl dr lifetime of what i 've come to recently identify is abuse and gaslighting tried to talk to nparents they emotionally attacked me over the loss of my grandma .
i 'd like to play in a world where males are free for use by any female .
maybe this is an alternative universe maybe it 's an isolated society somewhere with its own rules maybe men are just very rare due to some apocalyptic incident too rare to be kept by one woman .
whatever we decide is the reason any woman over the age of majority can have her way with any adult man whenever she likes .
this is n't something unusual or abnormal it 's simply understood to be the way the world is .
that 's not to say that sex is public or on show it 's still best done behind closed doors although a man may be passed around between friends at a private get-together .
equally preferences between men and women do sometimes develop despite the free-use rule .
so if this sounds at all interesting drop me an envelope and let 's work out who we are and where this might lead us ...
nopes ageplay scat feminisation serious pain other guys being involved m cumplay
send me a pm comment here or message me on xbox gt kaas with your offer .
been watching porn for years never really been an issue .
but lately every time i watched it i had the tendency to try and compare my own size with theirs .
no matter what studies and statistics show no matter how many times i 'd visit that pornstarmeasurements tumblr page i 'd still feel inadequate .
sometimes i 'd compare myself to others in this subreddit .
i soon realised everything i was consuming was making me feel like i was not good enough .
this is n't to bash on porn and i 'm sure most people are fine .
some days i 'd feel okay other days i 'd feel small .
i decided to stop watching all forms of porn entirely .
anything involving naked humans visually making the beast with two backs i would avoid .
basically girls in their room recording themselves making bj noises and talking dirty but it 's often so over the top that you know it 's purely a fantasy .
anyway it 's been 1 month now and a lot of my self esteem issues have gone with regards to my dick .
i feel it being big now i can see it in the mirror i recognise there are others who are as big or bigger but that does n't make mine small .
this was harder to accept when i was watching porn .
my body feels more mine than it did when i was constantly comparing .
i also had no shame in sending snapchats of it to a female friend even though i know she 's had guys who were similar or much thicker .
a nude scene came up in true detective season 1 if you know you know and i was like a teenager again getting a boner and looking up the scene online later .
i 'm going to try and keep avoiding porn simply cause i can and because i do n't want to feel bad again .
tl dr stopped watching people bang self esteem with regards to my sex organ has improved and i send snapchats of me doing the helicopter to friends .
i 've had att u-verse for a few years now and have always had issues with ping issues and occasional disconnects from the wifi on my computer .
i figured that it would be a good idea to buy a new router that could potentially solve my problems .
the cable modem/router combo that att provided is the arris nvg599 and the router i bought is the tp-link ac1350 .
i 've tried setting up the modem in bridge mode '' bridge mode being in quotes because the modem does n't actually have a simple bridge mode option in the browser configuration .
i 'm not entirely sure if bridging the modem for the personal router would work without the ethernet connection .
i 've also tried bridging the personal router instead to see if that would help with the issues i had only to see that the problems persisted over a few hours of use like they always do .
i can provide more specific details on what i did if needed but i was just wondering if anyone has an idea of what i should be doing or if there 's a different approach i should be taking to resolve my problems .
i do n't know if this has been posted before but i think this a logical pair to come in a season eventually .
i know it seems like people only want prequel era seasons but there 's just to many characters that are important to star wars !
just add me or leave a comment if wan na c/o or discuss the price .
hello there i 'm chiappola you can find me on twitch as a streamer for moba nerd and also on yt with the same name me and my team are in search for a team to scrim with we are five diamond high diamond players and we need to practice to get more in touch with the competitive since we are having fun playing in esl with some satisfactions .
if you are interested add me ign chiappola or my friend ign steeldragoon .
i 'm in munich for the next 9 months or so as an au-pair .
i want to find a cheaper gym without a contract .
in denmark they had a place called urban-gym and i want something similar .
anki is way above what i 'm willing to spend .
displays them in random order either in decks or from all not sure yet
where i can display the english or other language option
something to remember and repeat problematic words automatically would be great .
not sure what language i might start in the future .
i do n't want an app that has all the words in it already .
and why are you recommending me a specific app ?
lr003 report on investigation northern ireland office statement on traditional unionist voice https www.reddit.com/r/mholvote/comments/73eeo1/lr003_lords_committee_investigation_northern
two of the five committee members back the report .
can i come sleep on your couch until this is all over ?
the rate he 's going why pack everything up just to unpack it all p
for those who do n't bother clicking here is a short version .
the chaos began outside the edmonton eskimos football game at commonwealth stadium when police say a white car rammed a traffic control barricade and sent an officer flying into the air .
knecht said the driver of the vehicle then got out and attacked the officer with a knife before fleeing . ''
if she wants to wear a burka she should go back to the midddle east .
it 's perfectly acceptable for the french to take steps to protect french culture from barabarians .
the full-face veil is a literal embodiment of so called 'rape-culture ' .
if you wear it even when you 'choose ' to you 're empowering a sexist system .
if you support islam you 're honestly a piece of shit in my eyes .
probably my next pair once the bauers crap out .
ive had it in my warehouse for months now and i was wondering if its worth shipping out or if i should just wait until tc restocks my size .
is there a flaw in the placement of my bogo too ?
long weekends are great you got anything you 're planning to do ?
i 'm good bit tired but not got a lot to to today so all 's fine .
i think the fear with any crypto is the financial institutions taking the technology gutting the decentralized part and using the rest .
it will still hold value for those who want decentralization but the masses will just eat up what the institutions give them .
most do n't even know or care what decentralization is .
if we could come together as a community and advertise our benefits if we have them then it might work out in the end .
the question is how will we offer more benefit than the fid .
crypto is already doing this with lower fees and less regulation .
so now it 's a race to the bottom which is only good for the consumer but we are fighting for freedom at the same time as pure capitalistic competition .
the fid will be operating on awfully small margins when competing with decentralized crypto but they may be able to offer more benefits to the consumer .
jp morgan offering 10 cash back whereas decentralized crypto might only be able to afford 5 or something .
i turned off autocorrect on my phone and typed fast .
the site is n't live yet so unfortunately there 's no link .
could you point me in the right direction as to what to look for ?
i 'd be happy to share the current css file if that makes any difference .
when i clicked this thread this match was the first thing i thought of so i 'm happy it was it .
my point is you stated this game is unfinished '' .
while it is from a literary standpoint a finished story .
after that claim you tried to place subjective views as evidence .
this is a case where being objective it is in fact wrong to claim it is as unfinished .
gw 's has been super duper wishy washy on that over the years .
in ye olden days the answer was definitely yes '' you could even have chaos space marines leading some warrior bands or equip people with 40k tech .
then they later decided to make the product lines more separate and their answer on their connection was either no '' or eh maybe but it 's not important '' .
current 40k lore in a recent blurb about draigo alludes to at least being able to perceive and reach the age of sigmar side of the warp from the 40k side of it so there 's that .
i would n't be surprised if she asked ghost to bend the knee as well .
thank you i also forgot to mention that i have a weed farm and a mc clubhouse
rule 1 be civil address the argument not the person do n't harass or attack other users be as friendly as possible to them do n't threaten or encourage any kind of violence and do n't post anyone 's personal information .
rule 2 no snarky short low-effort comments consisting of just mere jokes/insults and contributing nothing to the discussion please reserve those to the circlejerk-focused subreddits
please do n't use the downvote button as a 'disagree ' button and instead just report any rule-breaking comments you see here .
a nation is the representation of its people so who should say if catalonia is part of spanish nation or catalan nation is the people from catalonia .
not me not you not las palmas not no one who is n't part of catalonia .
furis is viable because it gets the augment that lets it life-steal .
i 've also done pretty much what you did in the first 3 days .
after that i decided to focus on some achievements and do some bounties .
i 'm also looking forward to the next ls and raid .
even though i make my bases more fortified than alexandria from twd this is still nice to know building outside at night .
you think you 're the smartest guy in the room .
no offense but have you ever received proper driver training ?
watched the first two episodes impeccable production and super entertaining .
would you not want to just save the values into the text file but refer to them in a list or array so you can just call their index value ?
if each record must have a distinct value could it be assigned in the constructor of your class maybe ?
that way if the record is n't used you can just kill that instance and the value would be reset .
sorry i 'm still relatively new to c myself ... not sure how to do exactly what you 're asking off the top of my head
it 's obvious brown people are just as capable at parenting .
you can always upgrade the gpu later so its a good deal
if that is good can the non religious people dictate the religious people then ?
and i 'm talking about people who shame others for liking futaba and act like they 're an incestuous pedophile for it .
84c is a bit high temp but still ok for a reference card .
you could also adjust fan curve to make the fan on the gpu run a bit faster .
see if you can get the temperature under 80c .
my gpu is running somewhere between 60c and 65c .
i try to keep my gpu well below 70c .
they were already last place there 's no more risk of relegation their other junglers were n't working for whatever reason one of whom was one of those safer veterans btw they can take whatever risk '' they like .
my favourite online store to look at is ssense .
the main reason for this is that they carry such an extensive catalog of brands and have so many products on their site .
another thing which sets them apart from the rest is their styling .
they style their pieces in interesting ways for their product shots and even in ways that i wouldve never thought to wear those pieces
i 've been in your situation before though i only knew the girl for a few years .
anyway when i told her i had feelings for her it pretty much went the same way it did for you .
we did n't text or call each other for a few days until we saw each other at a mutual friend 's party .
i walked up to her and i told her that what i said before was just something i needed to get off my chest and that i understood if she did n't feel the same way but that i still wanted to be friends since we were so close .
thankfully she was cool enough to understand and we actually became closer than we were before .
i say that if she is n't interested in a relationship with you and you can move past those feelings and still remain as friends then try to go for thay route .
but if you think you ca n't handle just being friends '' then tell her that and move on .
make sure to communicate with her though it would n't be cool to leave her without closure .
just imagine how she would feel if her close friend ghosted her out no where .
le sujet n'est pas là tu as d'un côté des gens qui déposent un papier dans une boîte de l'autre l'état avec sa police qui y tirent dessus au fusil tu trouve cela normal ?
'' a mysterious change seems to come over americans when they go to a foreign land .
a chils thinks its always good to date no matter what age .
an adult wants their child to mature and smarten up before they date .
when in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature 's god entitle them a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation .
hearts hit a bit too close to home to monotonous mmo grind .
they 're fun for lore or story but they also get repetitive .
that 's why hearts can be completed and once you 're done you can move on .
its not allowed on many airlines the flight attendants probably didnt notice !
so a former friend of mine believed this crap .
one day he told me a friend of his got arrested for selling weed .
before his court date my former friend and a cadre of morons had convinced him to ignore whatever his lawyer was saying and just say that he 's not a us citizen and that he can only be tries in the hague or some shit .
i said they need to tell his friend to listen to his lawyer or he 's going to do some time .
he told me i just did n't understand and that one of these idiots is really smart and went to private school .
i wo n't but just out of curiosity would a smushed '' round create more pressure if i did attempt to fire it ?
junglers are flamed more because it is possible for them to influence every lane .
flamers want to shift blame from themselves so junglers are most obvious target for that .
0-4 in 10th minute toplaner cant flame bot cause there is nothing botlane could do to prevent that .
cant flame mid cause lack of roams in first 10 minutes is rather expected .
but they can and for sure will flame jungler because hypothetically they could do sth better and people are biased and wont think about own mistakes .
thats why most often everybody blames jungle and botlaners tend to blame the other guy in lane .
are you worried at here will be a point when you or him want something new ?
i want to shitpost so that 's what i keep doing !
even if levi is to die with his godlike status among fans he will go out in flash and thunder
for example i wo n't find his death to be in vain if levi dies to produce an opening for mikasa and eren when facing off with the warhammer titan
it will also be a nice callback to his teachings to eren about making hard decisions and trusting in teammates .
he will go from trusting team after both of his friends get munched by that crazy abnormal in that ova fly solo trusting team again
and on that fateful day i will fast 3 days in honour of a fallen hero .
i do n't think i 'll get that high unless i play hours and hours with no end .
has every catalonian alive personally accepted any other law .
should we ask everyone whether they accept every particular law ?
what if you do n't accept a certain law ?
can you just pretend that it does n't exist like what catalonia is doing ?
there 's little to no value in a lot of the thread topics right now .
pulls are coming at a high rate so most of these great pulls '' are n't all that surprising or unusual .
then you have a ton of what should i do posts '' with little context given or ones that could easily be solved with 2 minutes of research .
even if 1 of those posts are true it 's good to see it .
a lot of what went through my mind throughout the last 5 months are feelings that i am the broken one i am the one who 's now messed up i am missing something ...
it 's not historical fiction though why are you studying it like a period piece ?
if you 're going down that route do you have an issue with one of the main characters being a beast ?
only cookies that are crunchy are when you use nut butters and bake them twice
he has always been my favorite member of the pit crew .
captain walker ... talk about an amazingly written and voice acted character .
i think it 's north 's best performance as a voice actor .
i 'm a long-haired dude and i have to admit that i 'm not particularly diligent about making sure the strainer thing is in the tub drain while i 'm showering .
i was hoping there would be a way i could fix this myself but if it comes to snaking pipes or something along those lines it 's not really in my wheelhouse .
i guess it 's time to sell some toys to fund grown-up responsibilities !
an a380 carries a maximum fuel load of 320 tonnes and go 15,000km .
for the same range the bfr will require about 950 tonnes of fuel and an additional 50 for landing .
it wo n't take off even close to full because it 's only going suborbital and pushing significantly less than it 's orbital payload capacity .
of that 1000 tonnes only 22 is methane or around 220 tonnes the rest being liquid oxygen .
additionally methane is 75 carbon by weight while jp-7 is around 86 carbon by weight .
overall that works out to be 275 tonnes of raw carbon in the a380 versus only 165 in the bfr .
per person the slightly higher capacity of the bfr will tilt it even further in it 's favor .
was it not an earlier draft of what would become mockingbird ?
it was a cash grab and not by lee .
i read it and it 's so clearly just an early unfinished version of what became mockingbird that comments like but we do n't talk about that '' make it seem like it 's an actual sequel/prequel separate novel .
block and tackle systems have existed for thousands of years it takes several hours to set up as opposed to the 7 years it took petter olsen valldal to create this .
it was just a passion project and art piece for a norwegian farmer in the late 1800 's the idea that this absolutely massive earth and stonework project is more efficient than a simple pulley does n't really make sense when you think about the insane amo unt of work that goes into moving dirt and stones prior to steam diggers
probably says more about your determination other than the fact that you game .
i keep him in my memory only for the hot ensign http memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/robin_lefler he hooked up with once .
thank you for listening and the feedback man appreciate it i was gon na out red steam in this thread tomorrow haha .
that was dependent on making it cheaper to put satellites in space and it looks like he 's accomplished that
also if you 're planning to get most or all energy from solar you may want to think hard about efficiency insulation windows landscaping appliances etc since you are building custom .
why oh why is this not carried in the brooklyn one .
the ram is almost as much as the pc .
tell us how the wifi access point or router is configured for wifi channel width etc ?
you do n't understand i am about to go to battle and i need only your strongest potions if i am to survive !
let 's not forget that he seems to have seriously thought that he could give the military orders via twitter the trans ban .
here https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/6juta5/vendor_the_100_usb_cable_sale_continues_custom is a decent sized library of some examples .
some of the weird color combinations look really amazing like hot pink paracord with aqua techflex .
the only reason i know about this guy is from the they might be giants song .
with his hands still raised he slowly took a step away from her u/traincakes towards brian .
we 're just trying to help you with your inventions finding your family whatever you 're working on .
in all seriousness with the grosjean-jabouille circlejerk aside massive props to this guy .
between taking renault 's first win and by extent the first turbocharged victory and a racing career spanning from 1968 to 1993 at le mans this guy 's good .
great win tonight but why the hell would you not use those last two subs ? ! !
would have wasted time and put fresh legs to chase the ball .
sorry should n't be complaining after a win but just had to say it
12 year olds are equivalent to people with bad taste in video games in the metaphor
your submission has been removed due to your account not reaching the karma threshold we have set .
we encourage you to participate in communities of things you find interesting first in order to build up karma .
we are witholding the current karma limit as it is being changed based on feedback .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
hello your submission https www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/comments/73jwfo/25_amazon_gift_card_uk was removed per rule 2 linked here https www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/wiki/rules wiki_2._active_redditor .
once you have read all of the rules in the wiki if you think that your account is active enough per rule 2 and you would like the moderators to review your submission for approval please message the moderators using this link. https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgiftcardexchange subject=rule 202 20approval 20request 20karma message=replace 20this 20text 20with 20a 20link 20to 20your 20post 20or 20comment. 20 0a 0amy 20submission 20or 20comment 20linked 20above 20was 20automatically 20removed 20from 20the 20subreddit 20by 20automoderator 20per 20rule 202. 20i 20have 20read 20the 20rules 20of 20this 20subreddit 20and 20think 20that 20my 20submission 20should 20be 20approved 20on 20the 20grounds 20that 20i 20am 20an 20active 20redditor 20as 20outlined 20in 20that 20rule .
add a link to your submission and hit submit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
like he went from being a good guy who 's motivated and committed to his job and r/s to someone who doesnt care about those anymore
i dont know anything abt cp im just interpreting op 's comments
you have rikku if you get in trouble for aoe full raise .
yes you wan na keep reraise up on your tank so one of your 2bs is n't dying all the time but it is n't necessary .
it could be beneficial for luka for this one fight .
thought this was r/moviedetails for a second and was wondering how the mods let this slide then i actually looked where i was .
it 's funny this game was heralded as being the first 3d game with a great camera .
it was absolutely seen as the bar for every other game for years after .
rule 0 no threads that are answered by the wiki searching r/fitness or google https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_rule_.230
please note i am a bot account but i have removed this thread by request from a human moderator .
if you have a question about this removal please send a message to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness and include a link to your thread .
you can dream about the future death of someone you know .
however death in dreams is loaded with symbolism usually and has nothing to do with the person actually dying .
and when it comes to your mom some deep feelings are involved that are likely to be the subject of dreams .
the death of a parent in a dream is often connected with something changing about the relationship and/or yourself .
was she sick before she died or did it happen suddenly ?
darkside detective evolved from a flash game its simplistic roots are very much evident and is focused on the satirical and nonsensical .
it 's an adventure '' primarily in terms of mechanics as puzzles are minimal the the 6 cases '' are more properly vignettes '' as they 're very short .
that said it is entertaining provided you go in with appropriate expectations .
oh gon wants to team up with chrollo 's imposter ?
i thought it was better to place pumps on tank or chemical plant outputs after a row of chemical plants .
pumping to empty a tank directly is much faster when directly connected than with even one pump in between the tank and pump .
so i 've been placing pumps next to my buffer tank output e.g. light oil tank to pump to light oil chemical plant cracker input with no circuit condition .
this ensures that if there is demand the pumps drain the tanks and send the light oil to the chemical plants for cracking .
then i have a pump at the end of my petroleum output pipes that all the cracking plants are connected to .
this is the one i control with circuit condition logic .
this means that when the chemical plants are supposed to be active the piped output is drained as fast as possible to ensure all cracking plants are able to crack in parallel .
when cracking is disabled the cracking plants will run until the pipes are full and the output is blocked .
it is a bit more involved than the single pump case but it seemed to work very well .
i 'm going to provide my own as well i 'm not putting it in the opening cause i do n't want my opening post to be a giant wall of text .
what time does it air 8 pm to 10 pm
how many ppv 's do we run a year 7
what are they fkw king 's championship high-card fkw queen 's championship womens title fkw iron soul championship mid-card fkw tri-team championship .
what makes my promotion unique we only operate our show and ppvs from july-december and then we take a break until july comes back .
this is to give our wrestlers a break so their injuries can properly heal .
we have no tag-teams in fkw only tri-teams these are three-man tag divisions that compete to win the fkw tri-team championship .
tri-team matches are elimination matches this allows for tri-team matches to be interesting and full of surprises .
i remember back to the good ol days when the worst thing you would hear about on the news is hijacked planes crashing into buildings
errrrrr i wish you could pinpoint the decade at least hahahaha .
yeah the only people with true american ethnicity are natives .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/73jwff/does_daniell_ricciardo_have_a_current_girlfreind .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i have no dog in this fight and i do n't even know why you responded to any of this .
that 's the thing this is public works pretty broad in my city everything from water to trees we 're not just answering phones we 're doing real work
i disagree that full node has very little overhead '' .
i ca n't believe he 's lasted this long or was even hired in the first place so i 'm wondering what it would take to get rid of him .
i think this version looks prettier but if you 're looking to read data from it the 2-d version really works a lot better .
or she could 've just measure her finger and remember one finger length is so many inches .
but no had to do it in the sluttiest and most attention seeking way possible .
me and my 5.5 inches are out of here .
one of the worst films ever '' is hyperbole .
it got terrible reviews during it 's initial release because it was edited to an incredibly short length relative to how long the film was meant to be by the studio and because critics did n't like the behind the scene indulgences that went into the making of the film .
heaven 's gate does not deserve '' a worst films ever '' title that belongs to stuff like the room and the hands of fate .
awesome i 'll wear my halloween costume to christmas in germany .
trying to find the scene with fuck my pussy with a rake mom
what bothers me is that they never attempted to optimize iv .
in fact they added better shadows which only made the performance first .
changing chords will get smoother with repetition just keep playing .
i probably would n't venture into fingerpicking until after things started clicking .
you may just be getting frustrated because you put too much on your plate all at once .
that was actually pretty good especially compared to the app and i used it for about a year before i found dim .
now you can only get it on 3rd party sites .
can always count on pac12 to end a cfb weekend
i ca n't even start the download of the game and i purchased the ue a few days ago ...
i see the install button click on it choose where to install it and then nothing happens .
i get the same issue if i try to download from the my library on the windows store .
i can download all other games and apps from the m store normally so it is just this one .
the download worked fine on my xbone s too .
edit if anyone is having the same problem fixed the issue by resetting the store app settings from the win 10 apps and features .
i mean sure it would be ideal to be able to remap all controls .
but i do n't think that it going to happen .
i think a far more likely fix is to simply remap the smoke bomb to holding melee instead of pressing .
there are already abilities in the game that are triggered in alternative ways i.e .
titan shoulder charge hunter class abilities being a double tap etc so this seems to be something that would n't be terribly difficult .
i would imagine that remapping controls is out because it can lead to some cheese i remember back in the halo days seeing people who would map multiple functions to a single button so that you might melee and immediately jump or reload and melee at the same time giving an advantage in pvp against people who kept the default layouts and there may be other technical reasons for not letting us do so messy code that might break if people could remap controls at will or some weirdness with emotes or what have you .
even if you would be fired that takes restraint .
rebecca sugar mentioned in art and origins that the legend of zelda and yoshi 's island helped inspire the type of world they created .
with the mystery of zelda and the colour and tone of yoshi .
30fps lock on my pc screen at my desk is awful .
on my tv/phone/ds/tablet/ti-84 it 's fine but 144hz when i alt-tab to anything else feels super bad going back to something locked .
60 is satisfactory for me but i 'll clip my graphics settings to 120 if i 'm allowed .
hah i just applied to a school in japan and after filling out their online form .
i got to a page that said thank you .
so had to send the whole application package physically anyhow .
thank you yes am aware i can fly now with my driver 's license .
i was n't saying that i 'm sure you 're aware of that .
but the fact they do n't make it clear and it 's so easy for blind players to mess up
it 's unclear because of a poor translation and this is like the only truly major thing that can screw you over in thracia besides lifis .
sounds to me like there must be an underlying reason for all this .
it 's like not seeing things through protects yourself from some sort of fear you have .
might be an idea to seek help from a therapist ?
they might help you unlock whatever it is that 's holding you back .
try not to be scared of finding out what 's going on think of it as a solution .
go ask them if they play cricket and if they do join them .
i felt like i was reading a ghibli film more than anything
this makes me want to read it more than ever .
and yeah i am aware of the animated film it looks nice in the trailer but i think it would be better if i read it first
i agree these look like hives and by history doubt scarlet fever .
also this does not look like bullous pemphigoid or other autoimmune disorder .
i suspect most likely inducible urticaria is the diagnosis .
the student clinic is correct in a few week trial of antihistamines and avoiding stimulating factors if possible .
she will need to see an allergy immunology doc or dermatologist to perform an exam and take a detailed history .
i would add some topical emollient like eucerin daily to help provide a defensive layer
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/enoughlibertarianspam til racism is n't real because african americans are better off than west africans https np.reddit.com/r/enoughlibertarianspam/comments/73ijxe/til_racism_isnt_real_because_african_americans
r/shitancapssay til racism is n't real because african americans are better off than west africans https np.reddit.com/r/shitancapssay/comments/73ikaq/til_racism_isnt_real_because_african_americans
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
you can ask me for more facts any time .
look at your contract and see if two weeks is even enough notice .
lol that 's how friendly battles used to be then they changed it to tournemnt standard .
they have totally changed my life-at least when it comes to music !
the way that hammer is wielded is going to give me nightmares .
i 'm not sure on the exact story however i believe it was truck vs pole and this was the result .
well they are trying to set up the utilities grid again .
they have to plan for it first which getting power back to the entire area of puerto rico is not easy .
once they figure that out they will send their engineers out and everyone else too to build that fast so they can set up hospitals and places to store food and so on .
then they will help the individual people by building smaller shelters for everyone .
it 's a process but they have to have a plan before they come in with all their equipment .
are you talking like 12 kv 24 kv 64 120 240 600 kv ?
if i went into your account and shuffled your players and you did n't know which one you put in the sbc would you lose coins ?
it just sounds like he is only worrying about saving another dollar .
i 'm not saying he has n't done things for his family i 'm sure he has .
make sure to go the hawk show and say hi if you see a girl in tiki bird dress .
also hit up the actual cloisters while you 're here it 's pay as you wish and a lovely museum .
p.s besides that i also recommend tarrytown/sleepy hollow if you 're willing to leave the city .
well that and i assume santa did n't get busy with rudolph 's mother .
sl is 239 but with a password i should still be able to summon you
i try not to think about what she thought or felt and i never ever talked to her about it afterwards .
i still do n't think i could talk to a person about it face to face without wanting to curl up into a ball of cringe .
as for the username i use moist as my username in a lot of places and sadly it was taken when i started using reddit .
around 7 or 8 years ago their kitchen manager was a regular at the coffee shop i worked at .
he was constantly bragging about how good the food was and once when the owners were there he made me hand them a stack of bogo coupons .
i was a very sheepish 21 year old girl and they were very uncomfortable 30-something married men .
hey fellas i support your business how 'bout ya come down and support mine ? ! ''
now watch lindsay ellis tear down your god https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=q0qffbtij5w
if the white mantle grew a brain large enough to not try to rule over all of tyria after conquering kryta there is n't really any reason they would do anyhting farther from uprooting the crown on a global scale .
you already admitted you do n't know anything about the japanese story .
so where exactly are you determining how different it is ?
you 're speaking with a lot of authority here .
i 'm getting the sense your views on this is my view on things are the most 100 authentic versions of things because i feel really hard that i 'm right '' .
i 'm gon na turn off my inbox replies .
i do n't think there 's much to say or add .
i 'm not sure i could lmao like folks who go bald or choose to be bald and rock it are awesome but i could n't that short-haired dude is n't me my hair 's like part of my identity at this point and i 'm pretty attached to it pun intended it sounds a little melodramatic but hair loss would n't just be inconvenient and uncomfortable for me it would be devastating so i 'll probably just never end up taking the risk i guess sadly .
do n't worry someone on drama will come point out your mistake .
that is a huge fact affecting the real headline .
almost like parent ends sleepover because friend burped . ''
edit which is not to say it is n't great
i 've taken in transfers from them everything went smoothly no feedback on the quality of their lowers yet though i have n't used them first hand .
i honestly cant find a connect where else can i ask ?
not something that will fuck up your savegame anyway .
but mods that use buggy functions can have.. interesting outcomes .
your submission has been removed as we only allow link posts to be hosted on imgur.com or via the reddit upload site .
if you believe this is a mistake please contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/recipes if you have any questions or concerns .
my dad 's friend from university is into woodworking and made me some coasters !
ad grew 6 inches one year in high school .
can you imagine growing 6 inches in 12 months ?
this reminds me of the small '' derpy titans in attack on titan .
because guillotines often were n't sharp and took more than one try
ok wow i like a lot of others could n't get it working .
i forgot that the cars had to be 'non-operational ' .
i think that whole cash for clunkers thing was bullshit too .
if a large company ca n't figure out how to continue to make money then it deserves to go bankrupt plain and simple .
game after bye week should be the red line..but thats week 6 .
no company needs an idea guy because everyone is good at that .
it just takes time to form a good idea .
first the real title is 'potential psychiatric uses for mdma ' .
second its not original research and simply reports on the potential mechanism some existing evidence and the regulatory pathway .
not a big guardiola fan but what he made out of kimmich was incredible .
yeah ... my main viktor got his lore changed also turned into something totally different .
and many people did n't read too much into the new lore and think it 's good .
if they do a sequel to the prisma illya collab event including miyu angelica and badass big bro shirou as servants i wan na see miyako-chan get bonuses and a story role in there .
i should mind my own business as well as others want to mind my own business .
well our town is named after the church 's bell ... schellebelle means sharp sounding bell .
i would call it scheetgrotendorp lil fart town because it 's basically a church and seven streets surrounded by fields .
while homosexual acts are technically banned in botswana the law is n't actually enforced in practice .
it 's a shame in our third to last game we all get reminded of how talented he is because he 's been getting no game time .
hopefully he does n't leave in the winter transfer window .
end of article all three had been living together in a mobile home ... . '' well there it is right there .
it 's a guy getting a rise out of a vulnerable homeless man .
why you think this is funny is beyond me .
while i think you 're being a bit of a dick most of your criticisms are pretty fair .
he completely fails to understand the causes of the issues that confront the average kiwi
perhaps top 's biggest strength is having a strong story of what 's causing our problems and a solid plan for fixing them .
just a short section to celebrate the return of weekly yuyuyu radio !
hes gon na take care '' of us who are n't there ... ?
or mess up something ios needs for it to boot ?
thats soul crushing i would ve queue again but i get where you are coming from
what is though is all the meeting john mccain has had with isis .
any evidence of that beside that already debunked picture ?
hahaha when he says hülkenberg is right '' he sounds kinda surprised .
like he realized that hülkenberg knew some dark secret he tried warning everyone about but nobody listened '' kinda surprised
not to nitpick but even though greg gianforte did assault a reporter and still get elected the vast majority of the votes were mail in ballot .
so if he did it purposely knowing it would n't affect him that 's horrid .
however i do n't really blame the voters if there was n't that much dirt on him .
i say that as someone who 'd probably rather die than vote republican lol but still at least it 's not like they elected him because of his assault .
do n't get me wrong because i 'm nitpicking he definitely should n't be any where near a public office .
and you 've probably going to have to pay overs for a contracted gun player .
west coast is in an interesting list management position and could decide a top 10 pick and injection of young talent is worth losing a gun in the medium to long term
you have commented on this jawline a few times but i woman did n't even notice .
the left photo is just a bad angle and lighting .
the right is better of course but tell your friend to work on his smile
riot confirmed before that it 's a valid reason to report someone .
saying gg ez '' does nothing but kick someone who 's already down .
i get indirectly provoking the enemy team in all chat to make them tilt but mocking them when you already won is just bm .
this is just for memes not my actual perception of musa .
your post was automatically removed because it contains a stream .
if this is a vod please use the twitch clips feature or upload to youtube or another video hosting service .
if this is a stream please wait until the weekly thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hearthstone if you have any questions or concerns .
eh he was a dick but he 's dead now so who cares ?
you do realise that anti antifa is just fascism right ?
antifa 's only real political stance is do n't hurt me and my friends '' .
it also looks more impressive than any other combo with grav .
the big problem is the fact that the game assumes the baseline economy .
a cloak of resistance is always going to be exactly 1,000 gold because the game 's balance demands it .
a 3 ring of protection will always have the same worth .
since magic items make up the core of the game 's valuable loot player characters in most games can make the reasonable assumption about their market price upon proper identification .
besides appraise has oddball dcs that actually require a heavy investment to reliably beat needing a decent int modifier and plenty of ranks .
and this is for the mundane stuff that you find strewn about in the early dungeons because just handing out 1 flaming rapiers like they were going out of style would upset the game 's balance .
so when your character finally reaches the point where they can be expected to accurately determine the value of their ill gotten gains and they proudly step forward the next time their party begins to rummage through a minotaur 's stash ?
that 's about the point when you realize the wizard 's been doing it for the past three levels .
spoiler warning main spoilers means events from the published books or aired episodes do not need spoiler tags .
future books/seasons and spoilers from other media are not covered .
for more info please check the spoiler guide r/gameofthrones/w/spoiler_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gameofthrones if you have any questions or concerns .
sea turtles have special glands which help remove salt from the water they drink .
yeah the plate activates the arrows for each symbol only 1 person needs to be on it the other can punch the psion
he definitely improved but we ca n't say for sure until we see more games from him .
man this would be great as well over on r/adorablehentai
i mean they come with adapters it 's not like you ca n't use your headphones .
if it 's that important to you then you can buy an mp3 player like the good ole days
no one compared paragon to no man 's sky .
you simply said that reddit can not tell you anything about a player base and i gave you a reason for that to be false .
the guardia civil english civil guard '' ˈɡwarðja θiˈβil is the oldest law enforcement agency in spain .
it is organised as a military force charged with police duties under the authority of both the ministry of the interior and the ministry of defence .
the corps is colloquially known as the benemérita reputable .
in annual surveys it generally ranks as the national institution most valued by spaniards closely followed by other law enforcement agencies and the military .
i tend to skip the first few episodes when i rewatch the show because they 're weak .
i think the show has been getting better and better as time goes on .
the 4th season was the best of them all imo .
it has nothing to do with black people being hilarious on social media or the humor associated with it .
if you disagree with this action you can message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fblackpeopletwitter subject message .
please include a link to your post so that we can see it .
my friends brother had a sort of shrine to final fantasy where he had all the games stacked up .
this was before the ps2 came out so it was ps1 games and stuff .
it just looked so cool and the art on the guides did too .
we played some and stuff like kingdom hearts and grandia 2 .
it was all because art looked cool enough to get me interested in stuff other than racing games tomb raider and tony hawk 's pro skater 1-4 .
i love doing it on mornings with nothing better to do .
he had some bad habits that were never coached out of him .
he got some bad luck with injuries and never quite recovered but i remember the first game against the packers he totally out played favre .
sweet jesus look at who he was throwing to .
assuming you like their first party titles of course .
thanks guys think i 'll wait some hours and then buy a chunk
sorry i 'm no law person more of a programmer .
all i can understand despite all the sources presented in the post is i 'm even more confused than i was previously !
someone preferably a law-dude if you can please explain to me what is the problem and what is the solution .
i think you mistaken it with where the location they play from with their nationalities .
because following that logic the new circuit point become illogical .
as the point are given to the player not the team .
did tnc no longer play from sea qualifier but move to cis ?
how about if eg recruit raven kuku and ah fu ?
did eg need to move their organization from us to sea ?
started japanese version pulled on 3 days spent a tenth of the money i invested in 600 days of global and now i have nearly the same amount of legends .
luck was incredible and for a long time i have no reason to invest money in both versions .
15 multipulls in global for nekomamushi 5 legends and 4 dupes 18 multipulls for lucy 20 legends and 6 dupes .
so i will just save my money from now on .
whose that black chick in max verstappen 's camp ? .
is that his mother ? if so then max verstappen has to be one of if not the lightest skintoned mixed race guys ive ever seen and there can be some really lightskinned mixed peeps out there .
amazing driving from max i feel pretty confident in stating that he will be a multiple world champion .
i think merc need to go back to the drawing board a bit its not working as well as it should be right now .
larynx refers to higher up in the airway and hence it closes and you ca n't breath .
esophageal is lower down the digestive tract and most often mimicks a heart attack .
until i see a formal parity definition independent of a representation parity could means anything .
this does n't really mean anything without more detail .
variable fees were meant to do this but because universities do n't want to signal lower quality uni quality is vary hard to assess before you attend and the loan system greatly reduces the importance of price differences it clearly did n't work .
you could uncap fees altogether but if you keep the student finance system then you 've just handed a blank cheque to the he sector and students still do n't have much reason to choose a cheaper university .
you could uncap fees but cap or remove tuition fee loans but since young people generally do n't have any money you 'd end up restricting good universities to those with rich parents with a few exceptions for those who found employer sponsorship – who in practice would likely be well off as well .
all of this is bad for everyone because we all benefit from capable young people getting the best possible education .
perhaps private providers could step in – but how do you assess the creditworthiness of an 18-year-old school/college leaver ?
the trouble is that he is expensive but the people you most want to give it to have n't had a chance to amass any spending power .
perhaps you could give all young people a lump sum at 18 which they can use for university or spend elsewhere ?
the rich would still have a significant advantage but then again they always do .
relying on 18-year-olds to spend a big lump sum sensibly might backfire but they would at least have a proper reason to care about the level of fees .
i suppose you could offer the sum on the same repayment terms as the current student loan to encourage sensible investments and recoup some of the cost .
anyway my point is that if you care about inequality social mobility or the wider social and economic benefits of higher education then it 's quite complicated and simply saying 'we should let the market set tuition fees ' does n't really cut it .
i 'd be interested to hear what your solution would look like .
nice friend '' if he isnt sharing his gifted shit with you lol .
and 3mil is more than enough for you two until the wipe ...
contact to the head holding the cowboys down for too long i think there might have been an offside in there too .
patience has limits and it runs out quicker when the same mistakes are made over and over
i keep seeing infinity gauntlet crop up might give that a whirl first !
just write a focus tree down and propose it to the kaiserreich devs maybe they can use it .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 3 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3
threads that limit the number of words are not allowed because they tend to limit discussion by requiring few words .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
you will need to rephrase and resubmit your question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's still some swelling that will go down but i 'm thrilled with it .
i 'm eventually turning it into a half sleeve .
i personally think the college enrollment among the general population is unnecessarily high .
i can only imagine how he looks like skinny .
physics are weird sometimes sonic does n't move when you expect or does n't move enough .
there 's a bug in chemical plant where a spring sends you too high so you go back to the start of the level .
no idea why you ca n't rebind controls seems like that 's the first thing they should have done .
chemical plant looks great and the remixed tracks are great .
the first few editions of the game did n't have the negative for combine so that was always the best strategy .
now it is still good but not by itself .
i crash early only to get the and slow down my demise a bit .
if i had a better action i would definitely play it instead .
the characters are all good in their own way .
i like to stick with one i like until i figure it out .
ca n't remember the specifics though sadly it has been years since i have played even though i have all the most recent stuff .
he actually did n't say done '' and i did n't mean it was going to be over .
it was something closer to are we doing shitstorm '' we are not in a sense matt .
pat yeah in that sense we are not doing shitstorm '' .
i guessed it 's a name change that 's all .
i have an r5 1600 and have never overclocked the cpu .
and to every other child mummy ... seriously how in the world can someone look at that and think that for sure looks alien ?
if there was some unknown non hominid skeleton with a large brain cavity sure aliens intelligent dinos stupid but very loud dinos using their skull as a resonator what ever .
especially if the skeleton is not matching the vertebrate body plan .
something that is actually very odd looking where you ca n't say this is ribs that 's arms this is a pelvis .
so if i screw a 510 cartridge onto a 510 threaded battery it would work ?
fyi i recently put a mod out for asteroid fields to have gravity .
although you seem to be having enough fun without it .
i do n't like subtitles cause i always end up staring at them the entire movie instead of watching the movie itself .
i wish that was possible in my country only thing we can do is take the l and get our credit card blocked
it was ok overall it had some highs and lows .
it 's clear that it 's purpose was to lay the groundwork for the final arc and when you compare it to some of the other series it took waaay too long to do so imo .
for example girs crisis was only 25 episodes and next was more than double that .
lengthy tournament arcs do n't fit g 's style at all tbh .
that said the u20 was still more bearable to watch than say the asia circuit .
anyway i 'm glad it 's over now and we can get to the real '' plot .
i have a good feeling that the series is going to end on a high note .
also i have not tried the mist but would it be a good product to spray mid-day to refresh my makeup and dry face ?
i am on accutane and my face often gets dry and itchy halfway through the day and in the middle of the night i am looking for a rehydrating mist .
they sterilized all the brown people they could often by drugging them before administering the iq tests so they would score poorly and they could pretend it was about public hygiene .
to clarify brand new day was the direction asm took after one more day where peter and mjs marriage was canceled .
brand new day started the new area with a rotating cast of writers and artists taking turns shipping asm thrice a months .
slott was not really the one responsible for the marriage retcon that was mostly joe quesada .
slott was just one of the people in charge of the new dieection .
after brand new day he remained as the sole writer for the title .
the people voicing their displeasure clamour for a fresh take on spidey .
slott also seems to be a bit of a douche in his online presence to put it mildly .
mate you literally had the fastest try in the history of rugby league scored against you .
i 'll let you decide what 's more embarrassing .
will the stock market ever be a safe investment or always a gamble ?
will the housing market ever be a safe investment or always a gamble ?
will the retarded article market ever be a safe investment or always a gamble ?
i just do n't like it when people say dumb things like the gop are trying to murder us '' when the truth is so much more complicated .
they do n't want to help people and by projection they assume nobody else wants to help anyone either which means any policy that forces someone to help other people e.g .
taxes socialised healthcare is by definition bad even if the results of said policy improve the quality of life of everyone .
i did n't know that i always thought the white one would come with light grey that really clears up why i always see them
it was always a mystery to me how people had the white one with dark grey keycaps
i 'm all for starting trubisky and do n't agree with the wrs being an issue .
the offensive line is the huge key and we have a very solid line which glennon makes look worse than they are .
he has zero pocket awareness and is a legit statue .
trubisky has proven already to be more aware and more mobile .
with our run game and how many teams have to focus on our two rbs the play action and bootlegs are going to do wonders for this offense .
glennon is too slow at handing the damn ball off so play action and bootlegs are worthless which should n't be the case .
there should be no reason glennon is starting next game .
he is not green do they come other colors too .
was gon na give this game a try downloaded the beta and it would n't let me use any variation of my name flamesama1 .
submitted a support ticket and was told unfortunately certain names are not accepted by the character name system since they are found inappropriate or very similar to inappropriate names .
however we are currently looking into this issue to make sure that valid names are not blocked from the name system .
unfortunately the name that you provided can not be used at this time and apologize for the inconvenience . ''
to which i just replied oh well i 'll just not play the game then okay '' .
so i ca n't say i feel bad for them .
edit i 've played vindictus another nexon game for about six years and even tried using the same ign i use for my main dahliasama an east server evie .
best way to get a gold card you need in a keg is to craft its premium version first .
is it just me or others also do n't see jelly effect anymore ? ?
that pot of gold you see is the amount of gold you 've earned from a teammates killing nearby minions .
it used to have a purpose back when the stormguard passive found on stormguard banner and storm crown used to scale with the amount of gold that you had earned in this way .
however what is being referenced in this thread is a now-removed item called pot of gold which worked like the level juice in practice mode except it gave you 1000 gold each time you activated it .
they removed it in favour of just giving the player 30000 starting gold instead .
i saw a man carrying a kid holding a flower and he was walking through the police offering the flower to the cops while smiling to the cameras knowing that they would not touch him thanks to the kid
i do n't care about any of the two sides tired about both .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/73keh5/isnt_saying_a_group_holds_you_down_a_subtle_form .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like they 've been heavily pushed in a lot of social media looks so people just assume they 're universal .
obviously some look great but i think eye shape/angle has a lot to do with it .
my eye shape is similar to yours and i just do n't like them on myself .
i 'm decently good at application and i 've tried a variety of shapes and 'flick ' angles but i 've come to terms with the fact that not everything looks good on everyone .
i should clarify that the cycler itself does n't have to be manned 24/7 .
the ships sent to attach to the cycler should be manned and then the humans inside would move from the forklift '' ships to the cycler manning it .
what a cycler does do is let you have a small forklift '' ship to the cycler but then have a huge ship for 6-month trip .
lots of radiation shielding and lots of space for humans an on-board movie theater basketball court dining hall etc .
unmanned ships do n't need basketball courts so a cycler with an unmanned ship attached makes no sense .
you do n't save any fuel with a cycler so why not sent the unmanned ships directly to mars ?
it 's cheaper and easier to go directly to mars or anywhere else without a cycler .
but it sucks being cramped in a small compartment so having a huge cycler would be nice for the humans .
i think if they want to get politics out of sports they should start by getting the flag off the field and no longer playing the national anthem at sporting events .
and no more military flyby 's even though those are really neat .
you mean buy three for the old price of one '' .
let me tell you i was in the same boat even a couple days ago .
i was concerned i would look like too much of a tool wearing these things around and you know what ?
especially now a year after launch people are used to it .
it 's just like the apple watch how after launch most people were thinking wow that square watch looks so dumb what does it even do and now it 's the best selling watch in the world .
tldr if you 're even on the fence just buy them and give them a shot .
it could also be argued that in the home and away season adelaide only has one home game where it plays a team who also calls ao home whereas richmond have at least 3 .
so perhaps it 's a trade off for home ground in home and away but away in finals .
it 's far more complicated than just team plays home at mcg imo
i ca n't say much about all tbms but i can say this about my parents who are tbm
when we had the discussion of leaving and why i was leaving at one point the black doctrine became a topic of conversation .
tl dr my extremely tbm parents admitted that it was troubling to see something called eternal unchangeable doctrine 1000 times over their lives or their parents lives changed .
so god hated blacks and now lives them like anyone else ?
i told my parents then yesterday black situation today lgbtq situation .
every time the church double downs on lgbt stuff as doctrine my parents cringe .
they 're so afraid that i will be right .
the comparison of black lgbt was out on their shelf .
they 're extremely tbm so it will never crack but if someday in their life the lgbt thing is changed as the black situation was it will trouble them until the day they die .
ouch haha well at least you have a modern era championship .
so your arguements are shut the fuck up and fall in line .
child you 're a couple cows short of a steak ''
a man without a cape is only half dressed '' after buying sunfire cape on tahm kench .
the mercedes does n't have the pace today and neither does bottas .
well as far as i see it this sub is not really about that .
it 's more about thought like fish are basically birds for crabs which people come up with while showering or driving or whatever .
not for saying things like ios 11 is shit and orange juice sucks even if these thoughts were though about in the shower
do you really not see how he completely mismicrod that fight ?
if you can play a good healer or tank i 'll play with you .
i guess one just has to deal with cunts like you from time to time on the interweb
hi ed you are right that it is optional and i can see the day coming when you will be paying higher fees if you refuse to use segwit .
i totally understand what you are saying i agree with you 100 .
but for 99 of users who only have small usd amount of bitcoin it does not many any difference as they will all choose to use segwit for small transactions like buying coffee .
for whales using bitcoin as a store of value they will be happy to pay higher fees for better security with large transactions might not use segwit .
throwing balls for 485 years crashes paper mario golf story
maybe not crispr but at some point gene editing on embryos could allow for the genocide of trans gay autistic etc .
because your tongue grew a vagina and forgot how to taste beer like a man .
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
i assume that light blue is turkey what is that orange color in the north east ?
or repeatedly hit in the back by them when they 're obviously too far away to even hit the guy ...
it feels like a shotgun that shoots one bullet at a time now it 's so inaccurate the akm
i am guessing something is probably going to come up from alex jones that people do n't want to hear .
i will keep an ear open for what alex jones says in this coming week .
i come here to talk about football and arguments i get are of course colombians talk shit '' do n't call him a racist '' and do n't say kid either '' .
that 's not true a friend and i tested this i stayed at the shore and he went for the cat and the cat walked all the way back to me and i was a custom lizard and not the red prince .
the orange glow on the trees looks so surreal i love it !
depending on how old your phone is it 's possible that the battery is just dying .
you can have it replaced but it 's a bitch to do yourself .
that back cover has tons of adhesive and it takes a lot of patience to pry it off .
afterwards you have to deal with a dozen or so screws but that 's the easy part .
i would try a factory reset or change of rom kernel before that though .
it 's not nearly as bad as any in that sub are i think i can manage it for now .
a lot of more classical writers have been ruined for me via my graduate degree but i 've gained a huge appreciation for melville .
herman melville gets a bad rap because moby dick is so long but he really is an incredible writer .
i ca n't stand long winded or overly flowery prose .
melville manages to capture the imagery and poetry of something in such short lines .
... and heaven have mercy on us all presbyterians and pagans alike for we are all somehow dreadfully cracked about the head and sadly need mending. this one line really captures a very universal truth .
another more poetic section is filled with both imagery and philosophy and imo works incredibly well .
consider the subtleness of the sea how its most dreaded creatures glide under water unapparent for the most part and treacherously hidden beneath the loveliest tints of azure .
consider also the devilish brilliance and beauty of many of its most remorseless tribes as the dainty embellished shape of many species of sharks .
consider once more the universal cannibalism of the sea all whose creatures prey upon each other carrying on eternal war since the world began .
consider all this and then turn to the green gentle and most docile earth consider them both the sea and the land and do you not find a strange analogy to something in yourself ?
for as this appalling ocean surrounds the verdant land so in the soul of man there lies one insular tahiti full of peace and joy but encompassed by all the horrors of the half-known life.
for me this comparison is so unexpected and striking .
his short stories are also incredible and filled with symbolism and allegory without being too overt .
patrick rothfuss has to be mentioned as well in terms of more modern authors .
tldr melville is a beautiful writer but because moby dick is so dense he is under appreciated .
his short stories are great so read them bartleby the scrivener especially .
they are looking for apps on the device that automate clicking they sent out an email a few days ago .
you will probably want to remove those apps from your device if you have them at least for the time being they could get your account disabled .
i 'm sure someone will come up with a workaround but be safe for now .
as far as we know the method provided in the other link is safe .
it 's all explained in detail in the thread .
i would remove the qualifications paragraph it does n't have any qualifications in it .
remove the and the sentence about them being available upon request it should be a given that they are available .
under work history add bullet points instead of paragraphs it makes it easier to read quickly .
lastly try and get it to fit one page .
but then writing to a pen pal is fundamentally different is n't it ?
it 's not a one-time interaction that op was talking about .
a repeated communication by way of emails or letters/postcards has come down quite a bit .
after moving to asia for a while i realized how many things i had back in storage and never needed .
i fell into it after realizing i might not stay in one place for long .
the only thing he told lil bulb was to get the dime with absolutely no restrictions on methods or collateral damage or when to stop .
lil bulb started sorting by hand for awhile then built a bigger body from the sorting machine to do it faster/more efficiently .
then when louie got the dime before lil bulb could grab it and turn it over which would have completed the task he was given lil bulb followed louie around for the rest of the episode trying to get the dime to complete the one instruction louie gave him getting more and more extreme as each thing it tries fails .
i mean sure gyro should have built in more safety features but he was likely assuming that anyone who used a powerful and potentially dangerous device that absolutely obeyed any and all instructions in a completely literal manner would be aware enough to take at least some caution in what orders are being given or at least monitor its behavior closely enough to issue new or updated orders before things get too out of hand .
i 'm imagining said bully is too old and tired for physical violence anymore so this is his last ditched effort to mentally bully this dude .
i would say for most guys it 's not being able to get hard with a partner but porn does the job .
and that 's what you call porn induced ed .
yeah make more snes fzero tracks with more racers and online would be awesome .
haha i like the keep the rubber side down advice never considered that d
is she prone to eating things she should n't ?
sitting like that it almost looks like she possibly has a foreign body .
are you asking why essentially bad things happen or asking why god heals some but not all ?
part of it comes with understanding that not all men in the world will be attracted to me and those who are attracted to me are genuinely attracted to me so i 'm not too worried .
my boobs do n't bother me but to be honest my height does for non sexual reasons
interesting i read dreaing of sunshine a year and a half ago and have n't kept up with it since but i do n't remember it being that bad in that area .
but it was one of the earlier naruto fics i read so i was probably just less bothered by it than i am now .
good point the git log https github.com/purism/warrant-canary/commits/master seems to indicate they pushed the july 1st 2016 canary on the 7th and january 1st 2017 on the 2nd .
still when the website clearly states the next statement will be published on the first day of each quarter '' it would be nice if they actually kept to that .
no pff ratings are an absolute joke outside of linemen and cbs .
same thing on his phone he never played any hive apps before nor was affiliated with com2us .
i definitely fell into that trap once i finally moved out and was on my own .
this amazing pizza place was only a few blocks away so i 'd get some expensive pizza at least every other day if not more .
i 'm glad i just moved away from there so i stop going so often .
it 'll be better on my wallet and my weight !
maybe he can help us rally for custom themes in 2k19
the problem is i do n't have the option to restore at all .
even when i press shift and the restore button .
i have the 10.3.3 ipsw file but i do n't have the option to restore
may not exactly fit what you 're looking for but the binding of isaac rebirth is an excellent game and fun to have on the go .
takes some skill but every run is different and the endless loot combinations keep the game fun and exciting every time .
being a kia soul driver myself this was oddly comforting .
man i love my economy teacher for showing me this
this is a video of her doing a trained dance routine as a boy it 's great https youtu.be/stkrsl4-tso
her drag performances are a lot more manic and spastic though
mmm ... as long as you also provide a snack for me !
ron artest 's jersey can be retired in the same place gaul peorge 's jersey got retired ...
he 's really lived up to the hype and i 'm glad i reached for him .
i have sunday ticket and have a large majority of the chargers on offense and allen is rivers first read almost every .
he just told me he 'd spent all that time laughing at me and i was going to point out he 's in the negatives i 'm in the positives and we 're literally doing that for real right here !
teasing is no fun deleting it was just mean .
where does a failed offensive conversion that is returned by the defense for 2 points fall ?
i think the master will be a movie a movie studied and called a classic in 10-20 years .
it 's just hard to imagine anyone else other than pta outdoing a movie like that .
plus we do n't have phillip seymour hoffman to do it so maybe not .
it is naive to assume that mueller 's team have n't found any proof because you have n't heard about it in the news .
at the very least the fact that there have been virtually no leaks to the press will help validate the integrity of outcome whatever it may be
i think most of it is just not hating yourself because of your size .
not really promoting an unhealthy life style but not killing ourselves over it .
i think the extremist give everyone a bad name .
well most of the time people who like sao start their post with i 'm sure i 'll be downvoted for liking sao but ... ''
i think most people hate on sao for the lost potential .
the idea behind it is good but it just turns into a harem/op mc series
but i personally enjoyed the ggo arc parts of aincrad and mothers rosario and apparently alicization is much higher quality so i 'm fairly ecited .
i would say for most guys it 's not being able to get hard with a partner but porn does the job .
and that 's what you call porn induced ed .
well ma'am first allow me to say welcome to this way of eating ! ! !
next i prefer the calculator in the sidebar for some reason .
i do n't have any science behind why i like it but i just like it better .
next as long as you eat fewer than 20 grams of net carbs you will be in ketosis in 24 to 48 hours .
next i like the higher protein number and lower fat number .
you are running and the protein will be beneficial to keeping your muscle mass while a lower fat number will force your body to use more of your stored fat .
so run with the option number 4 and then see how you feel .
you can tweak it at any time if need be .
i can see three potential cheaters at ranks 173-181 .
people expected the clique peas to be the only card that wins this deck but the bean synergy was the one that won .
have you heard of xenomelia or body integrity identity disorder ?
i 'm sorry but pretense wo n't get you very far with me .
if you have any questions i would be more than happy to answer them .
came here just to say thanks for the pete holmes with burr really good episode so of those tips are gold !
correction with dolby surround the game sounds better but the mic sounds twangy then with dtsx the game sounds twangy but the mic sounds good .
wow got ta step up that insult game huh ?
it 's probably that survival of the fittest/laissez faire mentality that makes you act this way
i will not let you stay part of this family if you humiliate your mother because you chose this selfish lifestyle .
you will be out of here '' my dad to 15 y/o me after he found out i was gay
could you make a new thread for those of us on mobile ?
i want to keep updated with what you and other commenters are posting but it 's hard to keep refreshing and finding everything in one place
lol and i thought i was messing up the pronunciation when i visited .
resorted to showing them my id card which has my name spelled out in big bold letters
i use popstarter just from the internal harddisk connected vie network adaptor .
it seems the connections works because you see the elfs but somehow it ca n't start the vcds .
can you try smb0 instead of smb in the config ?
that 's the last idea i have for now ...
but i saw it like this on some tutorials .
i recently listened to the trickster and its lyrics really struck an nerve .
other than that i 'd say ful stop motion picture soundtrack i might be wrong where i end and you begin codex black star jigsaw weird fishes videotape stuck together pieces judge jury executioner and all of tomorrow 's modern boxes .
true but it is always something that it is requested by authorities for your and their safety .
if i had it correctly thats something you bury and some other geocaher sill look for ?
so i guess you do n't say that to every other typical '' cod player right ?
the class you take is often determined based on your knowledge of firearms and the state requirements .
not sure about ohio but in some states even a basic nra pistol course will do .
if you know nothing about guns that would be a good starting point .
however if you feel you know basic handgun operation taking a class that focuses more on the law s aspect of concealed carry would be highly advised .
you should always do your own research on the laws in fact the class you take should tell you that multiple times but having a teacher explain some of it to you and having the opportunity to ask questions to that teacher is reassuring particularly when you start caring .
they did the same to prater too and another thing i forget .
my mother constantly laments how people do n't respect her enough .
while it is her who does n't t respect anyone and treats people appallingly and like they 're beneath her .
she loves to call people 'primitive ' and 'classless ' .
well this sophisticated lady has zero hobbies no higher education did n't even finish high school not that there 's anything wrong with that just pointing out the reasoning as far as i know last time she set foot in a museum was 15 years ago and got bored after 10 minutes per my gc brother she only watches trash tv only reads gossip magazines again nothing wrong with that it 's just ironic and all she does all day is gossip about others with my enabling dad while lying in bed and groom herself .
she has zero girlfriends because she accuses every woman she meets to be jealous of her .
and none of them have any class like she does ... .
i once said to her 'you know you ca n't buy class at chanel right ? '
seconding the food scale also get more involved in preparing the food and knowing what goes into it .
it 's not a bad idea to learn about nutrition and cooking at your age so you will benefit in many ways .
even better when my husband and i both have divorced and remarried parents .
it 's a shitshow and we 've decided that when we can afford a house christmas is at our house so we do n't have to drive everywhere .
i 'm surprised that you have such a similar experienced and i 'm really glad that you can share those experiences with me .
right now is kind of a pivotal moment for me as i need to figure out what i want to do in the future currently i 'm majoring in compsci but it might change .
my parents have definitely condoned gaming as a waste of time but recently my parents did admit to me their own regrets of not having enough fun as kids and my mom said she wasted a couple years pursuing a career she never really wanted .
i do n't really know what it means for experiences to be superficial and what things waste time .
in the meantime i 'll take your advice and try some new things while the opportunities stand .
it does have something similar but its not called hyper threading because that term is copyrighted by intel .
yeah playing to a click is a struggle i know well lol .
that 's interesting i felt like the back half flowed really well from one song to the next .
i got some silent alarm '' era bloc party vibes throughout which i dig .
why is that the cube is n't breaking from the pressure ?
tl dr poverty and hunger are brilliant because they allow us the opportunity to be more charitable to people without pesky governments getting in the way by actually um preventing poverty and hunger in the first place .
sounded like an ak at first but the instagram video from the ground is clearer sounds much snappier .
quick someone start a petition to raise the minimum wage to £141,000 !
removing this because you 're talking about current police operational stances .
det er fint at være uenig med andre men bevar en høflig tone og fokuser på emnet i stedet for personen .
husk at der er et menneske bag hvert brugernavn .
bro if hitler survived ww2 and opened up a cancer research center and found a cure for cancer would it excuse everything he did during ww2 ?
if i get down within the first 2 minutes and my teammates are n't the type of players who will get me up again or if the killer decides to camp i 'd literally be lying around and that 's it .
this will probably get taken down because the title is n't in the picture which breaks one of the rules
the head of the state is often called the prime minister altought their roles are probably similar .
now instead of just making fun of me for wearing crocs you guys are gon na make fun of me for wearing crocs and them not being balenciaga brand
'' lol brokeboi wearing regular crocs cause he could n't afford the balenciagas ''
those who have sleeved dominion do the cards fit back in the insert ?
r5 the general is a von preussen and has 6 fire pips .
i do n't know what appmedia smoked during the night but oh boy it seems to be some really good shit .
it almost feels like they keep merlin at the top and then used a random number generator to grade every other servants .
i think this is a good interpretation of it man what a great show .
tell me how no pixel has been more successful than famrp ?
also you can not compare them no pixel is more action rp and famrp is more serious rp .
there 's a good chance that this is a semi automatic rifle that was being bumped fired
and lets not forget scotland was never a colony of england it was scotland and england together that colonised a quarter of the fucking planet .
it pisses me off when people try and paint scotland as some sort of victim of english colonialism ireland was the victim .
there are tons of false reports in these types of situations .
in the case you are talking about they mentioned they complied which means police approached them and they probably did n't have guns anyway .
there was another report by one lady who said there was a shooter on the 7th floor of the mirage and that she was n't shot but could n't feel her body .
people go nuts in these situations but the police have to check them out .
never played ana why does he keep vision of her ?
the idea that it was ever anything else was just a myth .
the gods just seem to have trouble telling reality from myth .
exactly its a non invasion agreement meaning we wont drop staging fortizars in your space we wont entosis shit etc .
helping tri does not violate any of this as long as they dont hit legacy space imho ...
same here dont think its worth it im saving for psam but already got chiwu jamire
‘white bear ' ‘play test ' would be my picks in this case
gypsy makes a can of beer for his ai image .
but not as good as the pink hole unless you really like blue aliens .
i really do n't want to hear about the actual mass count ...
aragon starts with a pu over naples so that alliance is always guaranteed .
the anti gun nuts are already out in full force trying to use a national tragedy to push their illogical political agenda it 's fucking disgusting .
i can see why they have to appeal to a larger group of people and all that but it can be hard to find a specific plan if you have individual needs like yourself !
you might just want to do it if time allows for that of course .
reason being it 'll be just a bit more maintainable now that drf will force certain best practices onto your code .
also drf only does rest apis no forms and stuff
it is almost never more truthful when the mainstream media does this than when they have it done to them .
heck lately it appears that the only reason the democratic party exists is to allow corporate mouthpieces to say hey at least we 're not republicans . ''
normalizing garbage conduct by pointing out a rival of even more loathsome disposition does n't do anyone any good .
the framing problem can begin to have some impact on a rational voter only after it is n't the standard modus operandi for our entire partisan political apparatus .
how the hell do you exclude specific folders from the media library ?
these are completely different issues and domestic affairs are the competency of the member states not the eu .
probably with a normal map but i like it as it is
change it back to legacy and you should be good to go .
the problem is that catalonia did n't even follow the rules they wrote themselves for the referendum and kicked all the oposition parties out before voting it .
it was also done in a few hours and did n't allow amendments to be done .
wenger complimented a charitable initiative taken by the club and literally 100 of the comments were angry one-liners that had nothing to do with what he said .
there 's no point in discussing arsenal in this subreddit anymore and it sucks .
use nerve gas instead of shooting people to kill them en mass .
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
i havent found anything well apart from people trying to sell ancient graphics cards for 1/3 2/3 the origional price ... as they paid a lot for it '' .
there is certainly a large market for phones and even some other electronics but i have found nothing in terms of pc parts
certainly it 's just a doom/quake-mod in terms of gameplay but i was being charitable .
yeah i was about to mention java since a fair number of people use it too but i 've also noticed a lot of devs hating on it especially in roguelike development .
and no i do n't want to start a language war p
thieves are everywhere but you do n't have to care about all of them just keep your assets in a safe place .
but on the other hand i do n't think people should expect their preferred prefix or anything of the sort to be practiced without question .
they answered this in the letter they wrote and if the article did n't mention it you should do your research before you presume what the teacher expected of the students .
they would n't even have made a stink if anyone used pronouns and addressed them using wherever they wanted .
it was literally just an open ended request with zero expectations made in the nicest way possible .
everything past your first paragraph is just you pondering a situation based on a false pretense .
there was one guy i got matched against multiple times and he knew exactly how to roll through the attack and then backstab me everytime .
so that was pretty impossible for me to win .
yeah i did n't like the main group either shiro as the mc zas lacking i did really enjoy the over plot with the kings and stuff
you got ta have an indian stomach to tolerate the spiciness .
hon har ju en poäng det enda dom åstadkommer med sin stenkastning är att vi andra skattebetalare får betala för att ett gäng stensättare ska reparera gatan igen .
vill man protestera är väl det ok men varför maskera sig och kasta sten på polisen ? !
gör ju fan ingen politisk skillnad i slutändan ändå framförallt inte i till deras fördel .
i bought all champs and runepages with rp and probably 50 gifted skins to friends .
at one point i was buying every single new skin that came out until i saw how much i was spending
your son made a simple mistake when he climbed over the girls .
and if the father was on the play structure with them then why did n't he tell them to not block the slide .
i 've spent a lot of time at playgrounds and indoor play structures and i have never seen an adult do anything even remotely close to what he did .
sometimes a parent will gently take another child 's hand and walk them to their parents but never when the child is visibly upset .
if you were intimidated by the man then it had to be terrifying for your son to be grabbed by him .
i 'm a bit of a coward so i ca n't say for certain that i would have done anything differently .
but if my very large husband had been there we 'd probably be hearing about it on the news .
i think that you probably need to call today and speak with the general manager .
ask him/her to review the video tape coverage of the event .
sometimes it takes a visual picture for someone to really understand the gravity of what happened .
ask the manager to save the video tape in case you need it in the future .
it might be a good idea to have a 'stranger danger ' type conversation with your son in a few weeks .
for an adult to grab him and restrain him and that if it happens he needs to yell kick hit or do whatever he can to get away .
sword art online abridged on the other hand is a masterpiece .
i 'd probably turn into a draven main and adc .
one thing is for sure all this anti-admin websites is connected to one man that got too greedy for his own good .
i thought it was the blade of a dagger or a scimitar or something like that with a gemstone encrusted in it .
sì alcuni collezionisti hanno una licenza speciale costosissima per detenere armi automatiche .
le probabilità che queste armi tutte registrate siano utilizzate per commettere un reato sono però davvero trascurabili .
detto questo esiste un mercato illegale per le armi automatiche anche negli usa così come in europa vedi la nostra criminalità organizzata ampiamente dotata di armi automatiche .
in quanto alle idiozie sui caricatori anche in italia e in europa siamo maestri nell'imporre imporre limitazioni assurde e inutili .
when reading teamshoot practice with coldheart '' i first thought you would be pointing out the fact that you could actually see where your team is shooting at .
that 's how i decide '' if i like something .
if i can find traces of passion in the project it 's very hard to hate it no matter the theme .
is it really the far '' right if it 's 30 of the country though ?
also in the event that what i hear actually is something dangerous i 'd rather face it head-on and prepared than get surprised by it later .
thought tabard was just luck of the draw whoever got that loot ...
were wells becca ashley and nick just cheering on for ben or were they also doing it for rachel
i did tell him about a week later as he was a really close friend of mine .
you know what he said goddamn it not again '' .
turns out she banged another of our friends like 6 months earlier .
not sure how far you 've come in the abyss but you can defile the turban to make it ethereal and then soul match it with armor that has grace inherited '' just hang on to the turban until you get the right grace inherited piece and then you can decide what you want to do .
when i was in last year of engineering school i 've had economics class in english even though it was in france .
we first had a lesson on a specific topic usually about globalization iran economic embargo china policies regarding foreign companies ... then we had one hour to prepare a speech around a question like how some car company managed to produce and sell cars in china .
despite some had a terrible accent or a terrible english it globally went fine since we knew we would not mock each other or ask tricky questions .
there was some kind of confidence so it was not stressful .
so do n't worry people are not there to laugh at you .
please tell us how it was after you 're done .
i played it on steam and it stole my life away for weeks .
i thought i had gotten over the addiction a while ago but deep down i knew switch would make me relapse .
being able to take your little farm world with you where ever you go .
i 'm trying to find it maybe you guys remember it
it 's this history of the pokemon world thing that tried to consolidate the lores of all the legendary pokemon in a very convoluted way .
it had things like mew populating the earth and the regi trio and the legendary birds emerging in different eras of humans .
it went viral on social media and i wanted to correct people treating it like canon so badly .
hi there i 'm intrested in re4 and would be down for trading both stalker games for it .
he 's a huge trump supporter and has zero fucking pieces of evidence besides mah guns .
i have no concern with tax being used for people that genuinely need assistance .
it 's easy for you to say tax should be increased when you 're now in a position where you do n't have to pay for it is n't it ?
i accept the tax bill to pay for the unemployed that ca n't support themselves but right now you 're not one of those people .
this is run by al boom the biggest dive centre in the region .
you 'll be put on a boat with open water divers chances are you 'll do dibba rock and one other site which wo n't be overly great for snorkeling .
as the other post said just pay day rate for sandy beach and do snoopy island from the shore at your own leisure .
that said the front of dibba rock is nice but i 'd recommend booking with the palms dive centre in the radisson who take a boat out to dibba rock 2-3 times a day .
though it 's not actually that far from the shore .
they are not but what nowdays is catalonia was still part of the corona de aragón .
and yes i fully agree with you on those rights but starting a shitshow on both sides wo n't help anybody .
the tail lights across the entire tail panel confirm it is a 1970 .
as others have said that 's an expansion tank and weighs fuck all .
the level of workmanship in the picture is pretty shocking and it would get you fired in a heartbeat where i work !
if he had spent some more time on his graphic design course instead of posting deep '' content he 'd have learned how to photoshop that bird in better .
bill murray was so blindingly gorgeous in that it 's hard to even see anyone else .
so is there more of these around the town or this particular one in windsor originally was without l ?
if you are interested in finance stochastic calculus would be the natural next thing that can be applied .
regarding the physics word stochastic pdes describe plenty of phenomena that sometimes deterministic pdes fail to catch .
sometimes a single phenomena is approached by two different mathematical fields .
there 's more to a mathematics subfield than a person could learn .
but you need to see if the computers are up to snuff .
most small ones use gtx 750s and new ones that are getting created use gtx 1050 non ti almost the same as the 750 .
if you want to play pubg smoothly you need at least a gtx 960 or a 1050ti .
i know its not as competitive and some matches are total mismatches but the people tend to be kinder and have more fun .
about the niacinamide and the vitamin c serums i 'm patch testing paula 's choice skin balancing toner which contains niacinamide at the moment and i just bought the nufountain c20 ferulic serum which contains l-acorbic acid i heard about some flushing when the two are combined .
are they going to cancel each other benefits if i use them one after the other ?
yep just like obama was going to take away our guns after sandy hook ...
remember they are being nasty to me ! ? ''
i do n't see destiny failing at all nor does the millions of people that have continually played it and enjoyed it despite its flaws which every game has for years .
what you should have said was failed to live up to your expectations and failed to succeed for you ... you literally just spoke for everyone with that statement and it could n't have been more incorrect as the franchise as a whole has been one of the most successful in recent years even the division was a massive success commercially and still a decent game and done a lot right
i am so happy he is actually playable this year !
in 17 i had to convert if milik to a cm to have a decent polish midfield .
somebody stole my card information not the physical card itself .
thank you i actually just did some major restoration on it so now it looks even better
this week was easy and guided games requires mics .
it all boils down to the cultural environment you are familiar with most .
i would n't go to either in a normal day much less for a special event .
i grew up down the street for the plymouth road location and would never go back to that intersection again ... looks like i 'm about to risk getting shot for some fucking sauce ...
the spear is the worst finishing move in existence because it is n't a fucking finisher and no one will ever tell me otherwise .
i see people get hit with that every game multiple times and get right back up and go on to the next play except for davante adams but that was a pretty brutal hit .
best is one wing angel bitter end or end of days .
rule 1 be civil address the argument not the person do n't harass or attack other users be as friendly as possible to them do n't threaten or encourage any kind of violence and do n't post anyone 's personal information .
rule 2 no snarky short low-effort comments consisting of just mere jokes/insults and contributing nothing to the discussion please reserve those to the circlejerk-focused subreddits
please do n't use the downvote button as a 'disagree ' button and instead just report any rule-breaking comments you see here .
democrats swiftly renewed their push for gun control within hours of the deadliest mass shooting in u.s. history with congressional democrats urging legislation and hillary clinton going after the national rifle association .
a gunman killed at least 50 people in the massacre in las vegas which also left more than 400 hospitalized .
the casualties exceeded those of the pulse nightclub tragedy in florida more than a year ago .
as with the pulse attack the las vegas shooting led to prompt calls from democrats for gun legislation though the party has struggled to tighten laws even when the obama administration was in power .
though details are still emerging about sunday 's massacre clinton the 2016 democratic presidential nominee took to twitter to hammer the nra over a push to ease federal rules for silencers .
'' the crowd fled at the sound of gunshots .
imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer which the nra wants to make easier to get '' she tweeted adding our grief is n't enough .
we can and must put politics aside stand up to the nra and work together to try to stop this from happening again . ''
the debate over the shooting might soon turn to the possibility of foreign connections as the islamic state without offering evidence claims responsibility for the attack and says the shooter converted to islam months ago .
authorities have not revealed a motive but said the shooter had more than 10 rifles in the hotel room he used to fire on concert-goers below .
connecticut 's senators who have been especially outspoken on gun control ever since the 2012 sandy hook elementary school shooting were among the first to issue statements monday .
'' nowhere but america do horrific large-scale mass shootings happen with this degree of regularity '' sen. chris murphy d-conn. said in a statement .
it is positively infuriating that my colleagues in congress are so afraid of the gun industry that they pretend there are n't public policy responses to this epidemic .
there are and the thoughts and prayers of politicians are cruelly hollow if they are paired with continued legislative indifference .
it 's time for congress to get off its ass and do something . ''
connecticut 's other democratic senator richard blumenthal issued a similar statement .
'' it has been barely a year since what was previously the largest mass shooting in american history the deadly attack at pulse nightclub .
in the interim thousands more have been lost to the daily ruthless toll of gun violence .
i am more than frustrated i am furious '' he said .
as the lawmakers seemed to acknowledge gun legislation stands little chance of passing under a republican-controlled congress and white house .
after the pulse shooting senate democrats launched a 15-hour filibuster followed by a democratic sit-in on the house floor in a high-profile push for gun control legislation .
the divided senate ultimately rejected all four gun measures put on the floor for a vote .
the battle over gun restrictions has played out in a more substantive fashion on the state level and at the courts .
most recently a federal appeals court last week delivered a win for gun rights activists by keeping in place another court 's ruling that it was unconstitutional for the district of columbia to require gun owners to provide a good reason '' for legally carrying a concealed weapon in the nation 's capital .
the dispute could be on a path to the supreme court .
i swear to god so many people here have wrecks of houses to go with our wrecks of uteruses i know y'all are spending all your money on fertility treatment but like what 's my excuse ?
but today we booked in to get our windows redone .
our house is 115 years old and most of the back windows are original so the house is drafty as fuck .
the front windows were replaced with cheap plastic frames 20 years ago but the one in our bedroom is so warped that you can see the outside through the gap in the frame .
in addition we are not victorian coal miners and so having a tiny dark boot room to wash the coal dust off in the back of the house is !
so we 're changing out the kitchen door into a window literally there is no window in the kitchen at present ! ! !
and putting a pair of french doors in the dining room to let the light in and open the dining room up to the patio .
i am so excited our house will be so much nicer to live in
guess you finally made a monkey yes we finally made a monkey you finally made a monkey out of meeeeeeee 🎶
i think the trick is just to start slowly the first time !
here 's to hoping the port is good with unlocked framerate .
its kt though so i expect initial port problems .
not his fault you guys do n't know how to pick the right girl .
man these are the greatest membrane keyboards you can get they feel really really good can recommend they 're like 20 bucks off amazon or ebay
i 've done 4 day fasts before but never longer .
edit my manager asked why my phone kept ping-ing .
without thought i told him op 's mom has a sale going on right now . ''
he looked at me with his 65 year old not hip with the kids face and was dumbfounded .
oh uh ok then ... so for this golf tournament ... .. ''
it 's just like all the hacker groups online claiming they did it every time a website goes down .
scotland is an exporter at times and an importer at other times .
wind power is variable and needs backed up with nuclear or gas from time to time .
i 'm moving to mexico city in a couple of months for that very same reason .
hmm maybe i should he my fiancee call in then .
she got the same thing and then 2 week message on the automated line .
but we just moved and do n't have a govt id for our new house .
i never made a distinction between post hardcore and metalcore until i started using reddit and this sub in particular .
i think a lot of it has to do with the bands touring together especially back in the early mid 2000s .
picking bastet to prevent this first round the worst part ?
could n't have been speed cleared by a nicer guy !
insulting isnt going to get you anywhere it just makes you look even more foolish .
there were more eagles fans there yesterday than chargers fans it was amazing .
never before did i see the defense hyping up the crowd on the road for a big 3rd and long for the home team .
your submission found at https www.reddit.com/r/royalerecruit/comments/73t7is/looking_for_members_to_hit_1010 was removed from r/royalerecruit because it does not include one of the required tags in the title .
please post your clan tag exactly how it appears in game .
also make sure your trophy minimum is displayed in brackets .
this includes only zero or any multiple of 200 up to 3000 .
if you are searching for a clan include searching .
please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashroyale if you have any questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/royalerecruit if you have any questions or concerns .
my sex life is so much better since i have been having it with people who do n't speak my native language .
dirty talk still feels dirty but not going to hell and grandma would be so disappointed '' dirty .
i listened to those and it seemed as if the fire rate was pretty consistent except for some smooth transition from higher to lower rate but i thought that could be because of video distortion or something with the echoes off of the buildings .
magazines are just boxes with springs in them so a modded magazine would n't change the way the bold cycles .
unless the person was bump-firing he would have needed a modified bold carrier group and trigger mechanism .
it is n't impossible to make one but from the sound of it he would n't have gotten that consistent fire from just pulling the trigger over and over again .
that really is n't what gun advocates say and conceal or open carry classes heavily discourage this kind of thing .
the gun is when you have no other option .
because every modern star wars game has been a cartoony money grab or a poor excuse of battlefront .
no one has tried since to pour their heart and soul into a living breathing star wars universe .
legal action can be taken to stop modifications the parts necessary to do it
trump probably does n't even remember that he attacked obama about golf .
usn planes will wipe the floor with gz planes and gain map control .
otherwise americans would n't use it for people in the americas .
anyway this leads to an interesting story about the iberian kingdoms i can talk about it later .
a rifle certainly makes descision making easier just agree with the holder .
for example if a widow has high ground across the play field she can very well be hidden fully behind the bar—or at least get a shot on you before you acknowledge her presence .
the realization that it could pop up anywhere else on the screen and smaller makes it even worse .
on a related note i really hate how objective symbols have priority and obstruct view in the same way .
some of the hill markers get in the way of the main points of entry .
it might not be huge but it 's an advantage to defenders nonetheless .
maybe world war three will be fought online instead of physically then ?
i 'll be a happy man if they port persona 5 .
going out with my so and her friends when they do n't have handbags means their keys in my pockets scratching my phone screen and occasionally keys awkwardly stabbing my leg when sitting down
i dont know a specific paint to recommend so all i would do is research it for you .
call a marine store of do a little searching on google is my suggestion .
it 's a jbl reign ... ..it will kill the show for a while ... hopefully someone can step up unexpectedly and become a new top draw like cena .
i think we should consider everyone in top 10k as top tier 3
i try it weekly or so and i rarely say no when he 's the one asking for it .
possible but if the referendum had passed there would have been little benefit for the uk to oppose membership other than spite .
it 's a moot point now because if scotland ever leaves the uk wo n't have a vote and as another commenter pointed out spain softened their plans after brexit and said they would n't veto an independent scotland seeking to join the eu given that scotland is having their hand forced to leave due to brexit .
they 're also amazing for reheating things that were originally fried french fries falafel fresh tortilla chips etc .
and for toasting shit that does n't fit in a slot toaster because i do n't have a toaster oven .
yeah the cdr on chos aoe gives some nutty self healing plus the fact that your ginna stack lvl on quest pretty high on kills alone .
i would imagine puercing darts being the safest here for the extra range just to ensure a diver is realllllly going to put himself in harms way to get to you
getting a diagnosis is her problem to deal with .
what i got from that conversation is sil has played peacemaker or rather tried to for her entire life .
so having been the child vs parents has always been the easiest to get to roll over and agree to rug sweep .
in no small part because he was alone in his feelings .
now he has you to counteract the gas lighting and minimization .
if you decide to discuss this again with sil i would focus on the fact that you tried to talk to mil and smooth this over .
all you asked was for her to understand that leaving your child in gmil 's care in a hot car was not okay and she wo n't do it again .
however so acts when he argues ... you have to protect your child and be able to trust the judgement of anyone who watches your child .
if sil wants to mend this fence she 's going to have to work on the damage from their side as they 're the where it originated .
bold text got read in the sing-song voice from the history of japan guy .
resilienz '' is german for resilience https de.wikipedia.org/wiki/resilienz '' so i do n't take the author any more serious after that
the top four are pretty much set in stone but i think the benefit of experience may get the clippers pretty high above the wolves blazers nuggets and pels at least
if he will steal from the business he will steal from you .
this certainly confirms that trump was not a billionaire at least when the letter was written .
it 's not a quality that i notice when gauging attractiveness of a potential partner .
i have noticed that some guys confuse being humble with being extremely self-depricating .
i find those who are extremely selfdepricating to be really annoying .
in my experience that usually a big tell that they are actually quite insecure which is a quality i do n't find attractive at all .
2 core same race 2 off core different race to clear dungeon your core race ca n't
off core can easily be hundreds of levels lower they just exist to do dungeons
my current set up is hippo alchemist core should be elementalist and druid to be more efficient with dark elf and flame spirit off core to do horn toad
also how long did it take to get the hang of 3 jads ?
amazing how we do more for fucking cuba and haiti than we do for pr .
here 's a sneak peek of r/ihatereddit using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/ihatereddit/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 i fucking hate reddit and those circlejerking faggets https np.reddit.com/r/ihatereddit/comments/6t6ig6/i_fucking_hate_reddit_and_those_circlejerking
2 every comment section on r/all is just a race to see who can start a pun-train or who can make the most relatable reference the quickest .
it 's so terribly reddit and idk how else to describe it https np.reddit.com/r/ihatereddit/comments/5ubdei/every_comment_section_on_rall_is_just_a_race_to
sorry just saw your reply i can open my gates now
got silver 1 because i couldnt play today my best pull was a hunter chemstyle and stindl not what i hoped for but i am pretty happy with the 10k going into my account .
oh please tell me elizabeth how exactly does one suck a fuck ?
fan fiction has been going on since star trek .
hell if you really want to get into it ulysses is just the odyssey fan fiction .
these entrances are obviously important which is why it 's always a big deal to show them off prior to release .
i feel like they try to get the basic idea but they really do n't seem to embody the characters like they should .
a lot of wrestlers have very distinct body language that convey a lot about their characters .
it 's a part of sasha and charlotte 's core characters that they 're athletes that transcend the limiting diva '' label who are ushering in an era where women are taken seriously like men so it makes no sense to give them exaggerated hip-swaying walks like they 're on a catwalk in heels .
open minded and not easily doubtful of strange possibilities .
cracks jokes at inappropriate times and laughs at things you should n't .
take some tylenol and some aleve or advil before you go you can take them together .
nice to bring somebody with you if you can for moral support and hand-holding .
if you 're anxious do n't forget to breathe .
i have a skyla and the procedure actually did n't turn out too bad .
clear your cookies from your browser then keep opening up a new tab at their home page .
say no to the free shipping then click around for 4-5 clicks and a coupon pop up should open .
if it 's not the right coupon close tab and repeat from cleaning out your cookies .
and here i just thought my internet was slow .
i just googled table projector '' and linked to the first one that looked right
except those priced completely out of the labour market .
i 'm excited nervous happy anxious and giddy for this challenge !
the one that was here previously in the thread before you added but blame the good cops ! ''
the rest of the mature world is discussing why police are getting away with bullshit and you 're over here trying to turn the discussion towards something else almost like you 're trying to divide people .
you also are n't even trying to deny that you 'd blame the muslims for isis .
more like just 1 frame to press any attack button and tech roll
kind of off topic but not inappropriate this feat is great to keep on the back burner for any brawler .
dude your best friend wants to hang out with his two closest friends for one night on his birthday ... if your girlfriend expects to be invited along you 've got some deeper issues here .
the best way i learned is to sort of throw it like a spear but with a flick of your wrist at the end of it .
grip it however is comfortable i like my pinky on the third lace and my ring finger on the first one .
but really you just sort of learn by throwing to a buddy who likes to run and catch footballs .
or just someone to throw the ball back to you .
your post history revolves around saying negative things about dublin and its inhabitants .
some leaves prop no matter what you do and others are picky as hell .
katakan can eat creatures in your own graveyard you 're confusing it with undertaker .
the album this is on their debut the hurting is a fine moment of the 1980s .
the track 'start of a breakdown ' is really overlooked i think !
when he summons ice he does one of four things
1 transports ice from glaciers/ice caps ... .this is very unlikely since cold days talks about part of lake michigan freezing .
2 he removes energy from the universe and puts it nowhere .
3 he puts the energy into a warm environment .
he has to do work literally to do this so he has to put in mechanical energy .
4 he puts the heat in a cold sink someplace .
this increases entropy and does the least to violate the laws of physics .
and lastly the bluez project might actually not involve themselves in such particular features and functionality at all since it would n't fall into the realm of the bluetooth stack to 'know ' which audio profile to recommend .
i think the pulseaudio project might be the better placed project to work on such improvements since this is a purely an audio problem and not a generic bluetooth problem .
make sure you setup in the middle of the room and have nothing running in the background slowing your pc down .
i get whiteouts sometimes if i go too near the edge of the play area .
was n't getting a 100/hr but i was able to get 50 in 2 hours .
i was reloading the instance in the main menu as soon as i completed the scan to speed things up .
i 'm not sure if there 's some other exploit to make cif appear more frequently or if i 'm doing something wrong .
thought i 'd give my experience to anyone wanting to try this out .
throw on youtube/netflix in the background while you play windowed and you 'll make a good bit of cif .
can you check if browser support is set to off in settings ?
call them the trump party voters they 're not republicans anymore .
i think part of the reason holland is viewed negatively on r/hockey is because he gave deals with pretty substantial term and aav to guys who really should n't command the kind of term or aav they 're getting .
as a consequence of those deals holland is n't just choosing to play hardball he 's forced to play hardball .
anasthasiou is a solid young player who is probably only worth 2x2m but to give him 2 at 2.5 or 2.75 would probably be enough to lock him up and would also probably be worth the money .
really though it 's paying darren helm 3.85 justin abdelkader 4.25 and most of the contracts given out on defense that make holland look like a fool .
if you 're in the ch discord go to the faqs text channel .
there 's a nice tutorial for connecting wiitars there .
giving us a bottle of chemicals but claiming it is 100 herbal
repackaging ghee made from karnataka milk co-operative nandini 's butter as pure cow ghee from cows in his gaushala
influencing govt to unfairly ban maggi so hey he can launch his brand of noodles.l
giving misleading advertisements appealing to the gullible customers ' emotions
using nationalism and religious sentiments to mislead people into buying their products
it 's a shot of the third quarter kickoff then a sideline report after the kickoff then a closeup of another play after the kickoff .
2 20xx one certified sniper or playmaker whichever youd like
dude same for me except it 's carson and kelce .
i did n't read past the first hellraiser review because i have n't seen the other ones yet but i want to just pop in and agree with you wholeheartedly .
there was a scene early on in which the cameraman clearly had to walk backwards up a tight staircase with a twist in it and the only way he could have done that was fucking practicing and counting his steps until he could do it while shooting while wearing a camera rig .
does it make a difference opening them on the fut app ?
over regular http means everybody including his isp and the wifi network he connects to see everything they do on the internet .
even https leaks way more information than the tbb running through tor .
i came across a hacker every other game while i was streaming last night .
and no they were n't just good at the game . ''
i 've seen saturn through a telescope and it was far more vibrant than this .
while i do n't doubt the validity of the picture i am curious what is the difference between the camera lens in space vs telescope on the ground ?
i would n't think the atmosphere would change the coloring this much .
just remember what she was like on american idol all those years ago .
you are posting here too frequently so your post has been deleted .
you can only make one post every 30 minutes .
the fact this this guy slipped through the cracks does merit an examination into our refugee claim process and how he managed to successfully become a refugee .
a friend of mine used that speckle spray paint on his and it turned out great .
i think with all the colours you 'll want to prime it .
he can continue as long as i am allowed to watch
i thought of asking for rich people 's bank info but they 'd just change it before i could do anything with it .
with oj we can get a definitive answer that is irrefutable and shut up the apologists who say that he did n't do it .
by the end he 's essentially become a villain because he abandons the code the last several seasons and makes some poor mistakes by killing people he should n't .
even batter at one point the css and discussion threads changed to daredevil a marvel show .
east empire crafter is fucking retarted in pauper format .
there is literally no counter play once they get that piece of shit out .
i want them to release stats guarantee 45 out of the top 50 finishers used that cheese bullshit .
systems '' refers to a type of application that only speaks to other applications .
how does production make sure this does n't affect the outcome ?
i think i 've seen before they may apply a time credit if a crew member has to change batteries etc .
libertarians are closer to republicans than democrats that 's all he stated and it 's true .
idk about matt and trey but go comment on that thread then .
boat does not take damage nor does the lobster trap so chaser is literally useless .
i found roundabout more effective than peashooter partly for the extra damage and because you might be facing away a lot .
the lobster trap drops from the sky when you 're under him and he has angry eyes .
cap uses his eel as a gun who fires 2-4 projectiles .
afaik one of them is always yellow the rest are parryable .
this is where parry sugar comes into play it makes parrying those projectiles super easy and charges your super very fast .
at phase two he 'll call in 1 of 3 random minions giant shark who comes from the left and takes up 2/3 of the pier .
giant squid who comes from the centre can not deal damage but will blacken your screen if you get hit by his raining ink .
4 dogfish who come from the right and slide across the pier .
at phase 3 his ship starts spitting cannonballs at you in the same manner as the dogfish .
phase two minions are still present as are the lobster trap and eel gun .
at phase 4 his ship morphs and your target is his uvula throat dangly .
all other enemies are removed except the lobster trap .
he spits fireballs which move across the screen in a circular motion .
use your super every time you fill it aiming for the cap/uvula only .
i 'm looking for na charizard code na salazzle code
i do not know the rate so please make a suggestion .
i am sorry that i am not good at english .
i 'm starting a daily series where i go through all the early toei films including their history and if they hold up to inform people on older anime .
got anything dirty on your mind you do n't have anywhere to vent ?
got a video or gif that drives you crazy but you do n't have anyone to share it with ?
unload whatever you 're burning up with right in my inbox and i 'll share my thoughts and comments
on a side note the internet really needs more volcel/virgin groups .
can anyone recommend a ups with the ability to see the usage ?
i 'd sorta like to see how much power my system is taking when i have it asleep .
this is a gaming rig so bigger is ok .
need a replacement for ovi in the 150-250k price range he feels very underwhelming and would like some suggestions on some people to try out !
a place for friends of spiders who are our bros .
spiders are fun mostly friendly creatures that just want to enjoy a good meal albeit of flies and chill like you do .
post your favorite pics or stories of spiders being bros !
crawl spin or hop your way over to r/spiders or r/whatsthisbug for more involved id requests .
try prestige nightfall 20 times with clan members popped brakions head but no dice you know where you try so many runs of a certain something you could literally draw a map with every enemy including shield type for the run yeah that many .
down to 2 of us left online from clan go to guided game nightfall .
with a minute and one second left we do it first time !
if you want to watch something funny maybe silly about our tradition and culture i suggest
casa surace https youtu.be/khir-mv-asg https www.facebook.com/casasurace it 's about difference between north and south .
calciocavallo fc molise-milano https youtu.be/ifnjzite9bi it 's about molise .
on their facebook 's page https www.facebook.com/calciocavallofc you can find other videos about traditional festivity like festa del grano di jelsi '' misteri '' festa dell'uva di riccia '' .
in these video there 's also the use of dialect .
event all of these are for trade i can trade multiple of mine for yours i can include any item from sun moon too .
20th jirachi gf 04016 docile brave relaxed and naughty self redeemed
20th shaymin gf 07016 jolly quiet sassy and naughty self redeemed
descartes zygarde descartes 05026 naive naughty serious bold and hardy self redeemed
i pre-ordered the game on saturday the 30th and the beta is not showing in my library is this correct or do i need to contact the support ?
im just wondering whether anyone can shed some insight on how long the recruitment processes take for government legal departments e.g .
ato aat state and federal courts crown law etc ?
for example if i applied for a position a month ago and still havent heard anything should i assume that i have been unsuccessful ?
someone posted a pic of it maybe 6 months ago ?
looking to use it as a reference for a present im making someone .
for the last hour or two my heart has been beating around 90bpm at rest it 's typically very low around 50 or so .
i did drink several cans of soda and just had a pretty big meal of arby 's sandwich fries mozzarella sticks .
is it just the influx of salt and dehydration ?
i 'm afraid to go to bed with an elevated heart rate .
i 'm wanting to kill myself right now because i ca n't fish for shit .
i 've recently pulled out my ugly stick that was gifted to me to put it to some use and had a go at some lure fishing and cat fishing .
with the lure it was barely going like 10 ft away from me and when i reeled it in it felt like barely any time in the water to even give a fish a chase it was out of the water before they knew it .
then i tried cat fishing with some chicken liver .
i got a bite reel it up and the whole line broke .
before i leave i get another bite and it took my bait .
this time must 've not put the liver on good enough .
but i also take forever to put the weight hooks etc on and do n't even know if i 'm tying a knot right .
then i do n't even know if i 'm even reeling in the lures or if i should use live bait and i do n't even know where to get live bait .
oh yeah while i was reeling it up the line would get all twisted in the reel and sometimes not even stay in an even wind it would go to low .
i do n't know what the hell i 'm doing
i have been lurking here for a couple of weeks and decided to take the plunge .
i have been a life long cartridge guy but since i have decided to clean myself up and shave daily i figured a de is the way to go .
i have just made my first couple purchases and am still awaiting most of the stuff in the mail but was looking for any advice .
i have bought oneblade core razor b m latha oceana stirling barbershop soap/aftershave soap commander vision soap/aftershave maggard synthetic tuxedo brush proraso white soap thayer 's witch hazel aqua velva 5 in 1 sensitive .
i am looking for a good de razor and whatever else you all thing would heighten my shave experience !
two games in a row our squad was killed instantly from a huge range .
once with an sks and once with pump shotgun .
i had n't really experienced any other games before this that were cases of obvious cheating but these times they were not even trying to hide it .
i 'm thinking this is a very generic scene of me being a domme and forcing together two women that should not be together i.e .
the circumstances of how i get this power is up to you .
maybe i 'm your boss and i want to humiliate you before getting a promotion or i just have a generic mind control power .
to start finish the sentence in the subject line of your pm along with a color so i know you read this far .
also throw in an idea of how i get this power and i 'll do my best to play along .
describing yourself and the other woman is also preferable .
if you 've already messaged me before feel free to send a new message or continue with what we 've had before .
no-nos ageplay of any sort keep all participants over 18 !
let 's keep the messages in reddit and i 'm not a big fan of picture trading .
a previous roommate left a box of ammunition in the garage and will not be picking it back up as they sold their firearms after moving .
i tried to ask the police if i should give it to them but they said they could n't take it .
not looking for any money wife is just having me cleaning out the garage .
i am not super knowledgeable but i am fairly sure they are mostly rifle rounds in 7.62x54 for some russian rifle he had and a box of 9 mm .
there are a bunch of loose rifle rounds and a sardine looking can that seems pretty packed .
there are some other tool looking things and what i assume are those stripper clips like on a m1 garand .
if nobody wants them but had a different suggestion of what i can do to legally get rid of them i would appreciate it .
edit someone has claimed the ammunition but if for some reason it does n't work out i will repost the offer .
i 've come to the realization that the way i watch tv or movies versus that of my friends is that i get very easily distracted and basically go on a brain vacation only really understanding the basic plot .
i wish i could play the prediction game but i think i must be too distracted or not thinking enough which seems ridiculous because i overthink everything else in my life .
i want to get engaged in movies and tv but i guess i never got in the habit of it .
i think i similarly could read books more actively than i do .
what 's the best way to go about being more active in watching tv or movies ?
i see people ride bikes on post all the time .
my dvr recorded an old episode of dc 's legends of tomorrow instead !
why has his price shot up by almost 20k in the past 24 hours ?
last night he was 22k and now he is 35k .
i 'm doing a little bit of research on the food truck subindustry and would love to get some feedback .
i have some ideas to help streamline some logistical and marketing efforts but am looking for a little market validation before proceeding .
i whipped up a google form with about a dozen questions most of which are multiple choice .
if you do n't mind filling it out that 'd be great !
assuming the twins do n't make the world series do you think they would add a ‘17 flag in the same style as the division winning years or would it be a new variation for winning the wild card ?
i just recently got into hardstyle after going to brennan heart at exchange la few weekends ago .
who should i check out at escape for good hardstyle ?
my favorite hardstyle remix now is fade into darkness by avicii b. heart remix so any melodic ?
ffxiii the gods ca n't manage the world it 's falling apart and so their leader summons the last warriors of light in the world in order to force them to sacrifice the lives of people trapped in a cocoon to summon the maker the warriors of light rebel against the gods and make their own fate .
ffxiii-2 an ancient dragon king that protects a seeress who oversees time is forced to cope with watching her die countless times eventually he reaches a breaking point and declares war on time itself only to discover that in so doing he ends up creating the very chaos that valhalla contained .
the newborn goddess of death descends upon the world to harvest the souls of the dead before an ocean of chaos can utterly devour them about halfway through she realizes she 's literally doing nonstop fetch-quests and begins secretly plotting to overthrow god .
she kills god and takes the world he created for herself to finally live her dream of becoming a model .
four crystals are determined to make the agito a being who can travel across dimensions at all costs unfortunately some asshole declares war on the world and invites finis the end of the world itself now it 's up to a bunch of child soldiers to go in save the day only to discover the horrors of war while the real agito escapes in the chaos to challenge them for their weapons two playthroughs later .
submitted october 02 2017 at 04:31pm by u/sweetmeika https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/73xlss/lacm c3 a9gantic\_rail\_disaster\_trial\_begins\_in ? utm\_source=ifttt
officials us to ask cuba to cut embassy staff by 60 percent
submitted october 02 2017 at 04:35pm by u/pipsdontsqueak https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/73xmht/officials\_us\_to\_ask\_cuba\_to\_cut\_embassy\_staff\_by ? utm\_source=ifttt
so i 've had frequent but terrible sex for 3 years now with my ll 28f wife .
she only wants quickies but it 's frequent enough 2-3x a week .
if i do n't orgasm quickly she gets dry then annoyed .
she does n't want me to do foreplay ever and if i do n't get a boner within a minute or so she gets annoyed if i do n't get it in 2 minutes she gets up and it 's over .
i think the pressure of having to get hard so quick and then the complete passionless sex we have has made it so the last few times we tried to have sex i did n't get a boner at all .
i 'm normally 32 hlm but sex has actually become stressful under these time crunches .
so i say we 're even cause now she knows what it 's like to have a partner that does n't enjoy sex .
what thoughts insight or tips do any of you have ?
so the last couple of months has not been great for bitcoin cash it went crashing from 800 to 400 even bitcoin that went from 5k to 3k is back now to 4.4k yet bitcoin cash is on 410 the majority of ppl here have bitcoin cash when are you expecting the scenario is going to change for bitcoin cash ?
or are you really buying and buying bitcoin cash ?
i have a rmr and the rmr co witness mount from cz custom .
what foldable back up sights would work well with this set up ?
i failed to get raines bsb again and now i have 8/14 relics on that banner so it 's probably smart to stop .
i can still do the gem draw and get it but man i do n't feel like paying for that and even then i wanted an en element to match an osb or bartz bsb2 to go with his usb .
basically is raines bsb still that good or is it something that can be missed ?
i can see the next few weeks and chapters drawing a hard line in the tg fanbase .
without discussing the latest chapter many people are saying they will 'drop ' re or 'hate ' the series now .
i feel ishida is either going to hit us with some massive bombshells within the next few chapters or we 're going to see a lot of people depart from reading re/part 3 .
'' i have faith in him ... he will return .
is it about saying things like omg '' or is it referring to something else ?
in his institutes of the christian religion john calvin sets the stage for discussing this commandment by noting that an oath is calling god to witness that what we say is true and that an appropriate oath is a kind of worship of god in that it implies a profession of faith .
when human testimony fails people appeal to god as witness as the only one able to bring hidden things to light and know what is in the heart .
false swearing robs god of his truth to the observer and therefore it is a serious matter .
with regard to the casual use of god 's name calvin summarized remember that an oath is not appointed or allowed for passion or pleasure but for necessity . ''
he wrote that the frequency of casual use of the name of god has dulled the public conscience but that the commandment with its penalty still stands
so i 've just came back to the game a couple months ago.. sort of played a ton.. built up the character ...
ca n't really ever seem to spec people out unless i get the rare 28/28 on my dds ... should i bother switching to maul.. or combo maul into it somehow ...
i feel like i die to ags way too much.. dudes with my str specing 45 with it..made me tempted to just get that.. but that 'd put me around 89 combat if my hp guess was accurate ...
just got veng today so i 'm still sort of learning it.. but idk just seems like others have much more kill potential ...
really it 's like there 's nothing to do !
hell just put a few blank slate '' weapons in the game that can have a wide array of perks that could be randomly applied !
i 'd spend days grinding for a good one !
arms day would also be a good way to add that .
outside of john smith who is a great character and written really well the rest of the cast and the story does n't feel very well written .
trade minister and assistant even though he 's not a well rounded at least what he shows has promise .
i took my jeans off tonight without unbuttoning them .
in this episode mike and jason discuss njpw 's king of pro wrestling which features kazuchika okada defending his iwgp crown against evil .
i have never seen a game update i have had ki and never seen an update .
does it do it automatically do i need to run windows update ?
do i have to have the xbox app running ?
tool planet commander hack get instants gold for android cheats online
if you have downloaded the app you might be trying absolute hardest to get to be the best and get to the top .
have you ever wondered if there was an easier way to get ahead ?
imagine if there was a hack that allowed you to generate items !
with this simple tool you will have all the planet commander cheats you will need to dominate the game and destroy your competition !
you might notice that when there are such massive numbers of people looking for the same thing scammers and fakes seem to surface everywhere .
while we offer an actual working method there are many sites all over the web that may boast about offering a planet commander hack tool but they are actual exploits .
do not waste your time or money whether it 's free items use our tool and get them without paying a cent !
the new hack is entirely online and does not require you to download any software .
it is incredibly fast and easy to use you do not need to have any prior knowledge of hacking or coding watch it do the work all by itself !
here tool planet commander hack get instants gold for android cheats online http gameapplot.com/planet-commander.html
planet commander hack no download for android planet commander hack no download 2017 planet commander hack no download no survey no password android planet commander hack no download or survey or jailbreak planet commander hack no download needed planet commander hack no download ios planet commander hack ipad download planet commander hack ipad 2 planet commander hack ipad 2017 planet commander hack ipad mini planet commander hack ipad app planet commander hack ipad gems planet commander hack ipad air planet commander hack ipad no survey planet commander hack ipad jailbreak planet commander hack ipad online planet commander hack android no survey no password planet commander hack android no survey no download planet commander hack android no survey 2017 planet commander hack android no survey no password download 2017 planet commander hack android no survey apk planet commander hack android no survey or password planet commander hack android no survey no password download planet commander hack android no survey no computer planet commander hack android no survey no password 2017 june planet commander hack tool download free no survey planet commander hack tool download free planet commander hack tool download no survey 2017 planet commander hack tool download mac planet commander hack tool download no survey no password 2017 planet commander hack tool download ios planet commander hack tool download for ipad planet commander hack tool download link planet commander hack tool download june 2017 planet commander hack tool no survey ipad planet commander hack tool no survey free download planet commander hack ipad planet commander hack 2017 planet commander hack 2017 no survey no password planet commander hack 2017 no survey planet commander hack 2017 cydia planet commander hack 2017 mac planet commander hack 2017 iphone planet commander hack 2017 pin planet commander hack 2017 password planet commander hack 2017 no download no survey planet commander hack android planet commander hack android root planet commander hack android apk download planet commander hack android no survey no password 2017
i 'm a day 1 player and i ca n't move on from destiny 1 until i beat this raid !
normal will do i 've run the sword in crota 's end for literally hundreds of players and have sherpa'ed lots of guardians through vog so a little love would be nice !
i 'm 366 at the moment and i 'm legit i 've solo'ed the whole crota raid and stuff ... .
please let me know if you would n't mind running this thing with me !
i 'll read up on the encounters and keep boosting my light level in the meantime thanks !
i 'm throwing my first ever halloween party this year !
my theme is night in the crypt '' since it 's mainly going to happen in my basement .
i have a budget of about 50-60 for decorations but i could easily make a lot of smaller decorations if need be .
should i bother decorating the upstairs of my house at all or just stick with the basement ?
should i convince my family or pets to play along with the theme or just let them hide away from my guests ?
i 'd like to know if anyone has any decoration food game or maybe even party favor ideas that would work for the crypt '' theme .
if it makes a difference i will be going as the cotton candy killer '' for my costume .
thanks so much for any advice you can give .
i have a little over three weeks until the big day saturday before halloween so i want to get most of the decorations planned out asap .
i hate how fucking ugly i am how shy i am my personality how i cry too easily how lonely i am how lazy i am god damn i could go on forever
i am very new to this and i notice that most people i talk to are into meditation for relaxation/stress reduction purposes .
i think this is great but i ca n't relate at all since i am absolutely not stressed/depressed/tensed .
the faq here talks about increased focus lower stress reduced anxiety etc .
my main motivation is introspection and getting perspective on myself and life in general .
is there any specific way to approach mediation if this is what i 'm going for ?
maybe this is not clear enough so i will use an example
2 people who want to get muscular go into bodybuilding
all these discipline are variations of physical conditioning but are goal specific nonetheless .
doomwar secret avengers run the mission do n't get seen save the world by ellis daredevil battlin jack murdock journey into mystery ft. sif vol 1 spider-man family business hc
dial h deluxe edition green arrow the longbow hunters batman hush
complete set of tokyo ghost 1-10 all sean murphy covers first printing 23
complete set of wolf by ales kot issues 1-9 15
beast of burden what the cat dragged in one shot 2.50 just won an eisner !
secret wars age of ultron vs marvel zombies 1 francavilla variant 4
i 'm mostly looking for paypal but if you have a trade list let me know no floppies .
shipping is an extra 3.50 spend 20 or more get free shipping
how can beings made only of thin air have a biology or behavior patterns ?
what is the correct stargate glyph orientation for the milky way gates ?
on the stargate wiki they have the earth address on this page stargate.wikia.com http stargate.wikia.com/wiki/earth .
however on richard anderson 's website he has some glyphs significantly rotated www.rdanderson.com http rdanderson.com/stargate/entries/earth.htm .
is there any correct orientation or does the orientation not matter ?
wife and i lose it when our little guy gets the zoomies yeah you now which ones .
charging around the house like a jacked up football player on red bull and intentionally crashing his whole body into the walls and his soft bed .
also we can never pet him on his head like a normal pup noooo he has roll over and expose his fluffy belly to all without even putting in a simple request for rubs .
would love to hear your light-hearted anecdotes and stories .
i think there should be an independent setting which enables us to change first and third person weapon quality only for the player meaning other players ' weapons would still look less detailed if you play on lower texture quality settings .
the setting would include changes to the overall weapon texture quality lights reflections muzzle flash smoke and all that when it comes to interactions with the weapon itself .
i do n't expect it would require a lot of fps but it would sure make the game a lot more enjoyable by having really good looking and detailed weapons to look at .
the game is poorly optimized as it is so a lot of us including myself have to play on low medium settings to get decent fps .
this obviously means lowering textures as well since that uses up a lot of frames per second and unfortunately the overall weapon quality suffers with it .
so i got a warning to my email to post gift i know it has been shipped by i havent received it yet .
as far as i understood from postal code it is coming all the way from australia to lithuania so i will get it after ages .
and warning says i wont be able to participate in any other exchanges if i do not mark it now as received .
i hate to be that person who is worried about this but reading a bit did get me thinking .
is zika in colombia medellin and cartagena a real concern ?
i will obviously take the normal bug repellant precautions but is it something to be concerned about ?
how much do you guys think this will be worth in terms of keys .
i have a 2009 g37 and the drivers side door lock is stuck '' in the lock position .
i say stuck '' because there is still some movement in the lock when i lock and unlock but it will not move all the way to the unlock position .
i really do not enjoy climbing in through my passenger side door .
my thought is that it is the door lock actuator but am unsure .
also does anyone know if they can be found online ?
i found an actuator for an 03-08 g35 but ca n't find the g37 .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/oct/03/catholic-church-to-make-record-divestment-from-fossil-fuels reduced by 30 .
more than 40 catholic institutions are to announce the largest ever faith-based divestment from fossil fuels on the anniversary of the death of st francis of assisi .
the sum involved has not been disclosed but the volume of divesting groups is four times higher than a previous church record and adds to a global divestment movement led by investors worth 5.5tn .
christiana figueres the former un climate chief who helped negotiate the paris climate agreement hailed tuesday 039 s move as quot a further sign we are on the way to achieving our collective mission quot .
a spokesman for the euro 4.5bn german church bank and catholic relief organisation caritas said that it was committing to divest from coal tar sands and shale oil .
quot assisi 039 s mayor stefania proietti a former climate mitigation professor told the guardian quot when we pay attention to the environment we pay attention to poor people who are the first victims of climate change .
quot when we invest in fossil fuels we stray very far from social justice .
but when we disinvest and invest in renewable and energy efficiency instead we can mitigate climate change create a sustainable new economic deal and most importantly help the poor . ''
the origins of the latest church action lie in last year 039 s climate encyclical by pope francis himself named after st francis of assisi although the project was advanced by the global catholic climate movement .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/oct/03/catholic-church-to-make-record-divestment-from-fossil-fuels faq http autotldr.io 225331 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords climate 1 church 2 assisi 3 catholic 4 institutions 5
post found in r/catholicism http np.reddit.com/r/catholicism/comments/74087h/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/upliftingnews http np.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/74080d/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/73z92g/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/atheism http np.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/73zfk4/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/environment http np.reddit.com/r/environment/comments/73z6a0/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/environmental_science http np.reddit.com/r/environmental_science/comments/73yijp/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/christianity http np.reddit.com/r/christianity/comments/73yj8b/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/autonewspaper http np.reddit.com/r/autonewspaper/comments/73zhgn/world_catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment r/thecolorisblue http np.reddit.com/r/thecolorisblue/comments/73zb17/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/justgoodnews http np.reddit.com/r/justgoodnews/comments/73zal5/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/guardianauto http np.reddit.com/r/guardianauto/comments/73zahy/world_catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment r/redditsample http np.reddit.com/r/redditsample/comments/73yjhk/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from r/ecointernet http np.reddit.com/r/ecointernet/comments/73yhsk/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from and r/climatechaos http np.reddit.com/r/climatechaos/comments/73ygux/catholic_church_to_make_record_divestment_from .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
my father and i will be traveling across japan for two weeks in around six months time .
i primarily use a manual wheelchair unaided and was wondering if anyone here could shed some light on just how practical that would be in japan .
the majority of our trip will be with a tour company who i am sure will accommodate me fine but on days where my dad and i are left to fend for ourselves i 'm wondering if a powered chair is more practical .
dads getting on a bit he cant push so much
i generally expect to be fine in places like osaka kyoto tokyo minus any large hills but has anyone got experience of places like oshino hakkai unesco or kanazawa ect ... with a wheelchair they could share ?
i found the following links in a search of the sub but i 'm struggling to get useful info to this rather specific question .
the description is vague just say after awakening all ability improves .
btw for white tiger soul does any one know how much rage restored for each attack received ?
i take urine drug screens multiple times per month .
i 've been completely clean and sober for a couple of years now .
i have a urine drug screen today and i 'm a little concerned .
i 'm on a pretty strict contract and there 's no wiggle room for metabolites to be found in my urine .
all my screens are observed and i 'm not interested in falsifying or attempting to use urine other than my own .
this leads me to the question about my fasoracetam .
i just took fasoracetam 20mg approximately 4 hours ago .
i 'm started to think i might have fucked up and i 'm pretty nervous because i 'm not trying to get high — just have the mental and physical energy to study and work full time .
i really enjoy this game however there are 3 glaring issues with it that diminishes it from what destiny was .
the other is the lackluster speed of the arc supers .
additionally i would like for xur to sell reputation tokens for all the venders .
he can have a weekly rotating stock of 2 or 3 venders .
but this is because i have over 1k legendary shards with next to nothing to do with them .
specifically the replayability is the biggest issue for this game .
it was fun going after specific god rolled guns and the current system negates that .
it was also a reason to replay alot of the strikes and such .
now most of my clan just plays what will build their power and then they stop playing until reset .
it is also boring to continue to play strikes after you have completed your milestones .
they would still be like all the other mods and be a one and done item .
they could provide an additional perk to the weapon .
like adding appended magazine dragonfly explosive rounds and whatever other perks to specific types of weapons .
could you imagine using old fashioned with explosive rounds or appended magazine on your rocket launcher ?
imagine a guantlet mod that grants the black spindle perk of pulling ammo from reserves on crit shots or leg armor that grants extra reserve ammo or sprint speed boosts .
chest armor could be all class specific like hunters gain an additional dodge ability .
even mods that allow for certain supers to last a little longer .
helmet mods can do things like granting an overshield when casting specific elemental supers .
so you would get an arc overshield when you cast an arc super .
i 've just imported my budget from ynab 4 into the new ynab but the most confusing thing is what it 's done to the categories where i 'd rolled over overspending .
i know this was breaking the rules but what myself and my wife tended to do was sometimes spend money out of our joint account on individual personal spends .
essentially we lent ourselves money from a savings pot .
i know that meant we were basically budgeting more money than we had but it helped us keep track of how much each of us owed back into the joint account .
now these categories are showing with money to spare in them as payments back in seem to have been turned into income to budget rather than paying down debts .
any suggestions on how best to handle this or tidy it up ?
how much does your stock 13 wrx turbo spool ?
did some boosts with a fellow boostaholic and he complained my car didnt make any boost as he didnt hear any ... . ?
i mean this is my first turbo wrx so i really have no idea and he has built 2 built mustangs that he has turbo 'd with tons of supporting mods .
sooo ... .. is he just messing with me ?
i mean i dont really hear alot but i dont need alot of noise this is my daily lol
what would be the weirdest song to ed goes to the jnny 's side of the stage ?
anybody have a way to simulate the anxiety of the jenga tower online ?
i want to play a good horror game for a halloween one shot and i love the concept of dread .
i may just end up playing through a one shot of tales from the loop if not it 's another one we 've been meaning to try .
i 'm comfortable in dnd 5e shadowrun and have experience running the veil .
i 'm also familiar with but have n't played yet other pbta games savage worlds and cypher system games .
did anyone refuse to give blood for the milk ?
i spent most of the day watching netflix and playing video games .
i started the day this way and now at 6 pm i realize i have n't move from this spot .
after a much needed shower i come back to find that my phone has one missed call from a number i do n't recognize and one voicemail .
i call the number back and a voice pops in on the other line .
the voice is like a song i used to love but have n't heard in years .
i think you might have the wrong number . ''
and also holy shit i have n't heard from you in forever . ''
i had to get your new number from joe you jerk .
i 'm a little hurt that you did n't give it to me when it changed .
i-uhh '' i stutter clearly unprepared for female contact today .
'' calm down i 'm just giving you a hard time .
if you have nothing going on tonight you should stop by and see the new place .
'' c'mon it 'll be more fun than playing those video games all night .
i guess we really have n't changed all that much ''
'' i do n't know maybe you have n't '' you pause letting the weight of those word sink in .
'' listen i 'll text you the address see you in an hour ?
i arrive at your place about an hour later .
for reasons not terribly obvious to me i 'm nervous .
so nervous i miss the door bell button on my first attempt .
i hear some stirring inside until you finally answer the door .
i stare at you for a moment trying to take in what i 'm seeing .
i 'm glad you could make it '' you welcome me with a bright smile .
i try to respond but the words wo n't come .
the idea is this you left my life for a while to pursue something of vague significance but now you 've come back but different .
maybe you 're even packing a little more down there ?
could be something vanilla as childhood friends or former lovers or something more taboo as sister/mother .
i left a lot vague so let 's discuss a little before jumping in .
if you are willing to do a longer term rp where you 're just starting these changes ex height growth breast expansion etc bonus points to you .
i used to be really good at all sorts of games before i went to university .
i did n't take a console and after five years i now suck at everything .
i 'm persevering and hoping that like any skill i 'll start not being dead last at everything .
me and my girlfriend love watching netflix on xbox together but at the moment we have to just press play at the same time .
is there any way for us to watch netflix at the same time other than this ?
i used to use rabb.it on pc but it doesnt work with microsoft edge so im looking for alternatives
i am currently enrolled in real estate at my local community college .
recently we had a 40 question quiz that half of the class got 50 grades on .
the teacher is a 76 year old man who got his liscence in the early 60 's .
i know i am a good student and the rest of the class is better than me but the teacher blames the class for the poor grades .
i studied everything i could and thought i was going to do great !
is it the students fault that we all got the same 20 questions wrong on the quiz ...
or is it his fault for not properly preparing us .
and what age cap do you think a school district should have for a teacher ?
so i 'm trying to write a macro in easy avr to have my sixkeyboard type out the lenny face ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° on a single key press .
i attempted to use the alt codes i found to type it out
alt 040 alt 032 alt 0361 alt 0176 alt 032 alt 035c alt 0296 alt 032 alt 0361 alt 0176 alt 041 but that is n't working .
when i press the macro key it comes out as i ° i °
basically what i 'm wondering is if what i 'm attempting to do is even possible ?
i had to enable a registry string under hkey_current_user/control panel/input method set enablehexnumpad to 1 '' .
if you have to add it set the type to be reg_sz. to enable unicode input with alt codes on windows 10 .
the waits were added to make the macro more stable and let all the characters be input properly .
do n't think it 's just a lag thing my whole fireteam could see the holes too .
i 've been sober for over a month now .
yesterday i was have having a really hard time emotionally so when one of my girlfriends invited me over i told her i felt like having a beer when we hang out she drinks and i do n't normally does n't tempt me .
she reminded me that i 've been doing good and taking care of myself .
i asked her what 's the worst that could happen ? ''
and she said i could derail and just go back to the old habits .
i picked up club soda on the way to her house .
she drank i did n't we listened to oingo boingo .
woke up without a hangover and grateful for her friendship .
i 'm gon na send her a text to thank her now .
im looking to trade thompson for a receiver and im struggling to determine his value .
i have pryor k benjamin golden tate randal cobb currently .
i 'm badly struggling to find the drivers needed to deploy the new 2017 surface pro via mdt can someone supply me with the link to them ?
for the other surface pro devices i downloaded a .zip file extracted it and imported the drivers into the folder in mdt .
welcome to week four of the nfl imperial conquest .
the packers defend green bay against the bears no change in territory
the panthers beat the patriots in foxboro and take the patriots territory in the south formerly owned by the saints they take only one of the patriots ' two sub-territories because the panthers had only one sub-territory in week 3 .
the texans win at home against the titans and reclaim some home territory since they had none
the bengals beat the browns in cleveland but the battle of ohio was the battle for nothing neither team had a thing to lose
the rams win in dallas against the cowboys and since they have no territory of their own only take the cowboys most-recently acuqired territory most of indiana
eagles defeat the charges in los angeles but gain no territory the chargers were nomads without a home to lose
the saints beat the dolpins in miami and take south florida .
the saints now have territories touching the gulf of mexico the atlantic and the pacific
the jets defend against the jags at home no change
the steelers beat the ravens in baltimore and expand their presence farther east into the mid-atlantic and farther south into kentucky
the lions beat the vikings in minnesota and take the vikings ' lone territory
the bills defeat the falcons in atlanta and take one of atlanta 's territories the land they won from the lions last week their most-recently acquired territory .
the bills expand their presence east and west along the eerie canal and into new york pennsylvania and others .
the cardinals defend against the 49ers and gain no new territory
the broncos defend against the raiders and gain no new territory
the chiefs defend against a redskins attack and gain no new territory
had this one the other day such a wonderful person
customer hi yes your software is broken and it keeps adding characters to my password and username .
customer you know you have the ability to get remotely connected and fix this right ?
me ... .ok ... is there a keyboard attached to the computer ?
me ... is there anything laying on the keyboard ?
customer no there 's ... wait ... i 'll need to call you back
meaning the best way to get to the river camp by level 3
so i 'm going to get my wisdom teeth pulled out soon and i will most likely be under during the sugary .
what did you do or tell your doctor to do ?
should i ask them to ignore beeping or silence my pump so that it does n't disturb them ?
i was trying to remake the no ap hacking mod using onposttemplatescreated to reduce the action point cost to zero but no matter what i did nothing worked .
i was basing the code to implement the changes on stuff used in u/realitymachina 's skirmisher reblance mod so it should work unless it 's set to read only or something .
can anyone confirm that you ca n't modify those abilities at all or am i just doing something wrong ?
edit to be clear i 'm talking about the finalizehack ability not any of the other hack ones .
seriously who needs a camera shoved in your face while you 're on a magical pokemon adventure !
luke smith talked about that on the charity q a he did about the vault of glass .
iirc the public entrance was something that the team wanted but it was a right pain in arse to create technically .
the reason that there are so few things in that area of venus except for the vault entrance is because the code for the entrance took up most of available space .
my guess is that they are nervous about public entrances now because of the technical challenges of the past .
quick correction based in anonymous craigslist posts claiming to be from crowds on demand which somehow still have never been verified to not be larpers .
cod is a false flag to distract people here .
forse perché così funziona allo stesso modo con qualsiasi sfondo ?
sarà per quello che hanno fatto quella gif sparaflashante che mostra come risulta con i vari colori
that 's tragic but it 's immoral to steal joe shmuck 's firearms because some fucking lunatic could n't process right from wrong .
he could also be really into minecraft we do n't know .
a part of owning a cattle station is controlling the feral large herbivores .
they do tremendous amounts of damage to infrastructure and the land .
the camel and horse population is absolutely massive and require constant culling .
yes babies have poor motor skills in part because of their memory developing .
however their muscles are still developing so it 's not completely chalked up to their implicit memories forming .
the 2nd amendment period allows people to own a gun for protection..so an outright ban would have to be an amendment to that .
personally i hate guns wished they did n't exist .
i 've fired a gun a few times and i was uncomfortable with the power .
but i understand the arguments for keeping as well as removing guns .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
there are a billion different mental illnesses too many that we do n't know about .
all tigers are cats but not all cats are tigers so all cats wo n't eat you to death .
not all mental illnesses cause violence but some do and it 's silly to claim they do n't .
she 'd have turned 20 today being 14 in the anime in 2011 .
very different to the kind of black eye most hockey players get .
good nothing too fancy but i use fibaro rgbw z-wave controller with a high cri led strip from https www.yujiintl.com/high-cri-led-lighting for automation i have different dim levels and various degree of the colour red during the day .
more bright when there are motion around the kitchen .
actually that will be the quality of the photos that will be used
i lived montreal for 4 years and am missing it so much right now .
got excited for that goyard and realized you 're in europe 😔😔😔 glws
trust me i have tried all and every combinations beta versions of both apps lastpass and samsung internet various permissions .
and as i read it does n't work for anyone ... well except you
you 'd better save your config might not be reproducible .
anyone else got this working or is it just me ?
edit i have n't tried factory reset and it sounds a bit too agressive to me .
right so you just buy a package of mushrooms onions celery and fry them up in your ah dammit .
if you 've got a can opener and a spoon and some way of washing that spoon i suppose you could eat a nice can of cold beans 3 meals a day ...
i 'm just not stupid to think that someone who does n't follow predefined rules should be allowed to continue breaking said rules .
rules were never predefined at least not to the normal user .
devs know about the actual rules but we dont .
all we know is dont be mean '' which could imply a shitload of bannable words .
also how is preventing me from playing the game whatsoever an appropriate way to disallow me to break the no mean words '' rule ?
would it not be simpler to just mute me for 24 hours ?
oh thats right its about the punishment not making the game better for the community .
i 'm glad you understood that i 'm just stating my opinion .
this does n't mean it 's possible for certain individuals to grow thicker skin .
then certain individuals can fuck off and leave the internet forever .
maybe one of these days an asshole is going to get you fired steal items you truly own or screw you over significantly .
how the hell is that equal to being mean online ?
you people actually think emotional violence is the same as physical violence and you reek of someone who wishes physical harm to everyone you disagree with .
i wont take your statement as a threat because i 'm not a fucking snowflake but just know that i could easily have been offended by that had i already been the victim of a robbery .
nisekoi and rokujouma no shinryakusha i do n't like much that genre neither but these two had a likeable cast and the comedy was neat .
it 's my favorite show so thank you for the appreciation d
i like how you bring up the uk as if it was n't violent rebellion that freed them from absolute monarchy to constitutional monarchy glorious revolution .
you are clearly misinformed on history so basically my only charge is read more . ''
of course violent overthrow alone is not everything that is required and i never claimed such but it is an obviously needed step that without means you will be subjugated .
no.. someone that does n't give a shit about giving lead fluoride chlorine chemical water to your family .
3 is definitely true and most people will ignore this .
sort of ... multicrew allows them to go into a fighter but it does n't allow them to run around the surface of a planet with me explore the ruins with me or anything .
it 's a taste of what it could be .
so you did n't mind being rewarded with access to better things in that game but you want this game to give you everything at once ?
i do n't want the percieved grind/ship progression to turn this into a month s long tutorial .
there are no levels to be had so there should n't be any time sinks .
if people can get their ships they will pay for those extras such as ship kits and paint jobs .
that would n't happen if they lose interest due to the grind .
having these ships without having a high combat rank is a good indication you have grinded credits doing something lame '' not that you ca n't fly them .
it 's a proven frame of mind in this community .
for every person that feels like that there might be 10 that are now instantly bored with nothing to aim for .
you can explore in an aspx and fight in a vulture .
both of these ships can be acquired relatively quickly and both are effective at what they do .
there is no need to get an exploraconda '' and you have n't done a very good job of explaining why you needed it so quickly .
in this sandbox game i can play however i like .
my goal was to have a fully self sufficient ship where i would barely need to go back to a station .
the asp ca n't have a fighter bay and does n't fly as far as my anaconda .
also if those people 's goal is to procure ships then they can do it however they want .
my goal is to open up the game outside of grinding for ships .
you are content with earning '' your ships the long way .
lol you do n't need a corvette to open up thargoid events '' .
you go on and on about grinding but all you seem to do is grinding and all for no real reason .
you make yourself grind because you have the perception you need an a rated anaconda to explore and an a rated corvette to interact with thargoids .
i am forced to grind because the ships that i want are locked behind them .
what other reason would i need to fly ships other than i can ?
the anaconda does everything i want including some things the aspx ca n't so i want the conda over the asp .
the corvette looks cool and i heard it flies better than the anaconda in combat so i want that over the conda .
also i do n't want to switch most/all my modules depending what i want to do in the game .
so i figured i might as well get a second ship .
i do n't need to explain my motives to you but i want you to understand passed all the percieved hostility i seem to be getting from you .
imagine a galaxy filled with exploracondas and corvettes piloted by bored pilots that will stop playing in a month .
someone elses comment further down was good for a laugh .
imagine a galaxy with more people because the grind did n't stop them from picking up the game and playing with their friends .
imagine people flying different ships because they prefer them over the big 3 .
imagine a galaxy where ship progression in a small bubble did n't prevent the rest of the entire galaxy from being used and explored because they felt that ship progression was the main goal in a sandbox game .
the thing i do n't understand is why you feel everyone should follow how you want to play .
so what if he will be flying without knowing everything ?
i bet you never knew he existed until now .
yet for some reason you seem to find a sense of purpose and validation with i know how to fly this imaginary spaceship '' and others should n't have access to things until you feel they have earned it .
that 's not only arrogant it 's a little ignorant .
got married in august for 2-3months leading up to it i was told how my sex life will end how i will never be happy again etc .
its still going on and yeah they are right im not happy but only at work
may the people of germany have enough strength to resist the destructive trend of globalism in protecting their heritage culture and homeland .
it 's a soft ablative and it 's cheap .
i think it was around 60/gallon when i bought it .
2-3 gallons even a few more than that i would not think would cause severe permanent tear-out-everything-and-renovate type problems .
if you 're really worried try cutting small holes in various areas of the wall/ceiling to get some airflow in those areas .
one news site said that the shooter had shot a hotel security officer through the door and that swat then knew where he was
he 's talking about imperative programming so async friendliness is out of his world .
what about the 10 mm pistol from the vault ?
why does everyone with your face shape insist on such conservative hair ?
get some more volume and it 'll even out your features .
u/julek1024 has even provided a sketch proof of that .
this year 2k has a ton of content in offline modes .
about the input lag you need to play more and more online games to get used to it .
give it another try its easier than you think .
i used to take them on midnights when i could n't afford to be hopping in and out of the bathroom like my equivalent coffee intake would 've done .
after a couple weeks i started to notice more heartburn than usual but no harm done .
just stick to no-doz or generic vivarin though i saw a lot of guys working on the dock get really shaky and sick off the gas station stacker type shit .
there 's just an unpredictable grab bag of stimulants in those since the ephedra ban do n't mess with it .
i 'm trying to figure out what it is is it worth before i buy based on these pictures .
the cubes which are phantom events are usually where i manage to stockpile a few player points .
you only need a 2-1 to break even and my win rate at cube tends to be a little higher than at regular formats .
i did just sell off a large number of rares for the past couple of sets so i might be a little closer to infinite '' than i thought although i 'm pretty sure that i 'm still not there .
i need to get all of the sales into my spreadsheet to see how close that gets me .
is your issue with death penalty a moral one ?
as in you do n't agree that any human life should be put to death or does your issue lie in the process of sentencing someone to death ?
because i think everyone agrees it 's wrong to execute an innocent man .
can one support the death penalty while being against the process that leads to people being wrongfully convicted ?
if the person is guilty without a shadow of a doubt are you still against the death penalty ?
i 've always though the death penalty argument was a moral one because who could be in favor of a system that sometimes wrongfully convicts ?
yes this happens to me when i 'm not eating enough .
remember that tdees from websites are just a starting point .
maybe carrots and/or popcorn to graze on throughout the afternoon ?
both are low cal but you can eat a lot of volume .
we should watch out for potential good cop bad cop routine between our fine friends and blockstream and jeff garzik of bloq as they fight '' about segwit 1x vs segwit 2x .
remember jeff garzik pushed for bip100 which let miners vote '' on the blocksize limit .
this was in contrast to bip101 that increased the limit exponentially based on moore 's law promoted by gavin and mike .
bip100 is a better method if you wish to control bitcoin 's scale as if you control a simple majority of miners you can fix the blocksize at whatever amount you prefer in this case we assume 1mb .
one could simply print up a bunch of fiat buy mining rigs even at a slight loss cough bitfury cough cough and limit bitcoin 's transactions per second .
bip101 scaled the maximum block size automatically so unless you controlled 100 of miners it would still be possible to publish much larger blocks .
this is the farthest thing from evidence '' but it 's interesting .
watch out for good cop bad cop between 2x and 1x segwit .
it is easier to make one chart for each language than it is to print every language on every garment .
i absolutely hate how he neglected to call it a terror act and instead an 'act of pure evil . '
d teammate grade 1 rebound 9 points and 2 tos .
haha they sure are unstoppable great teammates as well .
i heard it too it was a nileaus video of a former version .
i 've always used the provide blueprints but since i had not ennough room to use them in my former base i restarted .
i know it sounds weird but pbj sandwiches and chicken noodle soup is delicious .
jimmy johns have always been too stingy with their 'natural hand-cut super special meat ' and their cheese has no flavor so to make up for all that they just pour and i mean fucking pour mayonnaise all over my sandwich until it becomes completely inedible and looks like something out of a bukkake film .
they give me something to stuff my mouth and unintentionally stab my gums with while i cry over the mess that i 've made trying to separate the puddles of mayo from my sandwich .
aw snap i thought this was going to be about alcoholism .
it 's not deck defining but hell yeah he 's powerful .
i 'll avoid this nightmarish dystopia thank you very much .
the first institution is to correct inequality to some extent by putting minimum and maximum limits on incomes maximum limits on wealth and then redistribute accordingly .
the second institution is to stabilise the population by issuing transferable reproduction licenses to all fertile women at a level corresponding with the general replacement fertility in society .
the third institution is to stabilise the level of capital by issuing and selling depletion quotas that impose quantitative restrictions on the flow of resources through the economy .
quotas effectively minimise the throughput of resources necessary to maintain any given level of capital as opposed to taxes that merely alter the prevailing price structure .
now i admit i 'm not an economist but this seems like nothing more than a thought experiment .
how could this possibly work in an open system ?
i 'm actually in a mommy domme little boy relationship it 's amazing .
they could frame the microtransactions less as you buying gold and more as you stealing it from those damned nazis
also play against her more and it 'll become easier !
you 'll have an easier time predicting her behaviour beforehand and avoiding her skill shots .
wgeu only care about the families of their non-germanic players ?
its stupid to defend your rights to carry a gun when if no one had them then your country would be safer .
theirs a whole world of difference between your right to privacy and your right to carry a weapon that can kill someone .
just because they are both rights '' doesnt mean you can use them as similar in a debate .
i do n't know how to make friends as an adult .
i did not mean to sound like an ass i just thought it was crazy .
i actually kind of respect that the eu is at least open about wanting the strong government .
over here they just do it secretly and fuck us all over
while this is not a fair matchmaking this happens usually when the population is exteemely low ie 4-5am in the morning
yep that 's a very normal response to what i said .
you 're a normal guy whose opinion i value .
i wish i was more traveled and learned more about the cities i had visited in the past .
that 's a big reason why i love couchsurfing because i can learn from residents about the why and how .
so in this situation how can you get the raw license key or in general how did we obtain the ones we already have ?
i would n't say you worked for free i would say you took care of your mother .
tbh honest it sounds like you are trying to skim off the top '' of the estate .
say you make 100,000 a year and your company offers a 100 match of 5 .
this means if you put in 1000 the company will put in 1000 too .
if you put in 5000 your company will put in 5000 too .
in this example if i did n't contribute anything to the 401k i would 'lose ' 5000 dollars a year for not getting the match plus all the money i would have saved on taxes .
he was struggling until he found an opening to give law his heart back .
i do think and hope that he will get close to pk luffy level like garp was equal to roger but right now i think it would take half of zoro or sanji 's strength to beat him .
real good stuff nevertheless just do n't see how those stats are accurate .
however your submission has been removed for the following reason
already submitted this article has been submitted to r/politics within the last three days
i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/yashendra2797 message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
i mean in a certain mis-guided way i see her point .
the whole idea of women being worthless '' unless they 're super skinny can be a very harmful idea and it 's one that is very well-represented and highlighted in the media though fatness is now encroaching at a very concerning pace .
bring them to the barbell show them how to become strong physically and mentally and see them grow .
bring them to the track and help them crush their wildest dreams of running like the wind .
i think it 's important that women who lift still be seen as feminine .
that a woman has delts and lats should be as sexy as boobs and ass .
that a woman can do weighted pull ups should be seen as inspirational not threatening '' or unladylike '' .
that is what the opposite of thin '' is not whining until you get your cake and eating it too .
volunteers like inviting her to come take a photo of your bedroom ?
verification is now required in order to post on gonemild .
in our attempt to fight spam and fake accounts we automatically have submissions from unverified accounts removed .
send us a modmail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgonemild if you are
already verified at r/gonewild please include a link to your verification post
let us know if you want a custom flair https www.reddit.com/r/gonemild/wiki/custom
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonemild if you have any questions or concerns .
the image is from arc the lad twilight of the spirits .
it 's available digitally on the playstation 4 now .
honestly i have no trash talk to offer you guys lost in historic fashion this past week and i am still not confident we 'll be able to even score a touchdown
most of our homicides with guns are committed by criminals with illegal handguns .
and most of your mass shootings have been committed by criminals with legal firearms .
it really is n't that hard to get legal firearms in the usa if you just feel like shooting someone .
and by the fear of the lord one departs from evil .
well look at it this way ... .would you put down land transfer tax on your number ?
that 's why you would n't put down gst .
the next person who buys it wo n't pay gst it 's a one time tax and has nothing to do with the value .
it is against sikhi to impose any religious beliefs on others .
gurdwaras on the other hand should promote sikhi not be a purely political institution .
political leaders in a secular society play a different role altogether .
focusing on carbon neutral gurdwaras instead of promoting the message of sikhi is counter-productive .
i apologize if i gave the impression that we should be foisting religious values on everyone else .
i do n't think this belongs in this sub ... or am i completely off ?
i do n't understand how they want this show to become the next big thing but they 're gon na go with that shouting like it 's completely normal
op and ed showing that this is erina 's development season .
i 'm confused about how much episodes this season is going to be .
it 's probably going to adapt 2 arcs but the second one is kind of big ca n't do both in just 12-13 episodes i think .
yea not really sure why it 's letting people sign-in even though it 's not over yet .
yeah he uses it as an intro a lot he did the same at ultra .
so your point is that race is what makes people commit crimes ?
if we go movement by movement then yes a penalty but in real life i doubt a player would of used an elbow if they was able to put there body in the way .
i 'll get a quarter million from the vault and have the butler take it for deposit .
if i remember correctly the virality goes down over time .
so the majority of people are n't very viral .
i had absolutely nothing against the trans community however recent events such as those mentioned have made me lose the majority of support .
like the mras who had no problem with women until those uppity feminists disagreed with them ?
2 to a 4 4 to an 8 turn your life to a nice week realese date .
i do n't like the gop and their actions more often than not .
but i also do n't believe that their leadership deserved to be attacked a while back nor do these concert goers deserve to die because i consider the gop 's beliefs to be backwards idiotic and harmful to america .
alot of people rely on hunting to feed themselves and their families
i 'm sorry making it more difficult for a terrorist to get a gun means you have to shop for food instead of hunting .
if you have any questions regarding ltir please feel free to ask and we will do our best to answer
labour 's support among jews has been on the decline long before jeremy corbyn became leader .
jews are like everyone else in that they decide who to vote for based on a variety of issues .
pretty sure she thought it was a real fight .
i 'm gon na pour the sauce into the bottle making it impossible to clean .
my mom reacted pretty badly at first but she and everyone else got used to it eventually .
if you get any hate remember that we have your back .
that is significantly later than the timetable i 'm familiar with .
are many of the children in your school district started late ?
an 11 year old in elementary school especially still in 3rd or 4th grade would be a sign that they have had problems with school .
by the age of 11 we would expect 5th or 6th grade usually .
i 'd love to create a print and put it in my new dorm .
id love if you 'd sign or initial it too
why is there a need to limit family wealth accumulation ?
because in the united states of america we decided we did n't want landed gentry and lords like in england .
we said nah do n't want to participate on all hierarchy of a small class of rich people deciding reality for all people .
also your hypothetical grandpa 's 1 million would never suffer '' any estate tax because it 's far below the current federal tax threshold .
and spending 4 days ' worth of loyalty for 2 more frags ' worth of durability is not doing yourself any favors .
get the lt stay grinding for longer afk process for longer etc etc .
house wyl of the boneway and also of wyl .
why do you want this claim what inspires you about it and what would you bring to it ?
dorne is in a really interesting situation finding themselves suddenly being courted by the targaryens instead of warred on but also having to give up sovereignty in exchange .
within dorne wyl is in a really interesting situation .
being right on the border with the stormlands and probably in the middle of conflicts and target of raids there is bound to be a lot of bad blood and bitterness towards the development of sucking up to targaryens .
with regards to history there is also the mess with vipers aemon and baelor in which the lord wyl defied his orders to release them reinforcing that there is looooooooots of bad blood to work with .
due to this the wyls are likely especially disliked and mistrusted in the northern realms and i like the idea of working out their peaceful integration or lack thereof into the seven kingdoms their eventual interactions and points of content with northern houses/marchers but also other dornish houses with a different mindset and what role they might play in a possible blackfyre rebellion .
other cool things wyl controls part of the strategically important boneway possibility of a vulture king collab with other players dorne troop compositions 3 hopefully_dorne chat and it 's inhabitants plenty of freedom in character creation with regards to canon sand .
i do n't think i have more to offer than the next guy in regards to bringing something to the claim to be honest .
my first experience with roleplaying was a previous iteration in the form of r/westerospowers .
i stuck with the community throughout most of r/asoiafpowers and/r/gotpowers and through parts of r/woiafpowers and r/ironthronepowers most often playing houses stuck somewhere in the middle of the regional ladder .
i 'm not by any means a good writer but i understand enough about character motives and consistency to not have that hinder others .
d2 feels like a direct sequel to vanilla d1 not y3 d1 .
we have no idea what 's happening behind closed doors and who knows maybe msg money is not enough for some good changes .
anyway i 'm for improving a team and not just swaping players left and right .
deduct it from her 50 of the not her stuff anyway '' pile
women also live longer and work less so pensions are already a net drain from women to men .
no and i do n't think it is fair for you to say that .
you said we should we should be moving towards unification .
logically that would involve catalans moving towards a government they feel does n't have their interests at heart .
however why should i as an outsider favour catalan nationalism over spanish nationalism ?
if you are n't spanish or catalan i do n't really mind which you prefer but saying that catalans should move towards unification because of some unspecified reason is a bit myopic .
can barcelona withdraw from catalunya in the future when they decide they no longer want to pay taxes to help the countryside ?
can rich neighbourhoods of barcelona withdraw from the city for the same reason ?
distinct cultural aspects such as food music art movements sport
recent instances of cultural and political suppression from an oppressive external government force
an ability to ably administer government services to a permanent population
so this is where we get into a subjective area of what constitutes a legitimate claim of self governance .
whatever standards you would have to meet in order to have a legitimate claim to independence catalonia likely meets them .
i think it is important to recognize that the situation at hand is n't a case of a few neighbourhoods saying hey let 's make a quick buck '' which deals with the latter two questions you raised .
i find what other heathens do during their rituals to be quite fascinating especially when it comes to hearth and ancestor cults because there is so much variation .
i do n't bless my offerings etymologically speaking to bless '' something is to mark it with blood '' and i follow this definition personally
i do n't think she would be comfortable drinking/eating anything blessed in the name of a pagan god .
i 'm confused by this do you bless your offerings or do n't you ?
and do you combine ancestor worship with worship of the gods ?
if not why do you bless an offering to the ancestors in the name of a god ?
it 's good he was n't hurt but not a badass imo .
i would do sw if you have a lot of sig stones .
i 'm not against it but i 'm very liberal on all issues but the 2nd amendment .
i do believe that fully automatic weapons are n't acceptable for private use and should be strictly used in the military .
if there is a modification that allows you to bump fire and effectively turn your semi-automatic into a full automatic then it should be banned .
i think as long as just that modification is banned most gun owners would be alright with that .
the problem is a lot of times politicians will tack on a bunch of other regulations that just piss off law abiding citizens of which the vast majority of gun owners are in the range of 96-99 and they 're usually easily circumvented by people who want to circumvent them .
sikhs in bc were displaying a picture at their temple in honour of talwinder singh parmar the guy who orchastrated the air india bombing the worst mass murderer in canadian history by far .
and he is publicly celebrated to this day as a shaheed — a martyr — by his devotees . ''
they even built a memorial in surrey with this guy on it https www.straight.com/news/919176/gurpreet-singh-new-memorial-surrey-recalls-indian-army-attack-golden-temple-complex
edit jesus christ look at this guy avoid the question https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1k_iqab2sp4 .
from what i 've seen armytek 's 'white ' option tends to be warmer than most manufacturers ' 'cool white ' .
so it should be more tolerable than certain other brands .
downside is they are damn near impossible to mod so no changing it after the fact .
but then you wo n't be able to play elite when its fps and atmospheres finally show up either .
if you do end up with that job can i be in charge of lady inspections ?
yeah that 's sexual harassment and unprofessional as well .
the light angle and long-distance stare suggest that you 're not used to taking selfies .
the apple cheeks suggest that you smile quite a bit .
closed lips tell us that you do n't like how your teeth look .
a hopeless romantic with some degree of social anxiety .
i did a search and the other one came up first .
exactly what is a plant based food lacking that meat has ?
cats can not live on raw vegetables but if you process and fortify those vegetables i 'm such a way that their digestive system is able to extract energy and nutrients what is the issue ?
i think everyone is entitled to their own voice regarding harm that they 've experienced by the immediate or immediate hand of someone else or what they are affiliated with .
that is one of the main reasons i decided to leave the mormon church .
i do hope that people remember that they were n't 100 sunday
you clearly have an agenda you 're trying to push here
this is just the forgive me snippet thats been around forever
fuck dude you made me lol hardcore with that .
customers lookin ' at me all weird and shit .
isco worked his fucking ass off on sunday both defensively and offensively .
tracked back played perfect through balls and even fucking scored .
you all have some fucking nerve to even point fingers at him .
him and varane were easily the best players on the pitch yesterday by a mile .
while ronaldo was knocking them into row z isco was creating scoring and defending .
my friend 's died and they did n't honor the warranty .
what better way to prove the timelessness and universality of austen 's novels than place her characters in a modern setting ?
pride and prejudice became a fictionalised newspaper column then a book then a hugely successful romantic comedy in the form of bridget jones 's diary – the sequel to which the edge of reason is loosely based on persuasion .
i must be reading it differently to you tone wise .
what i 'm talking about is n't at a relationship level .
men are taught that their sexuality is degrading women are taught that their sexuality is empowering .
there is a whole lot more to this theory than i can put succinctly if i get a chance later i 'll see if i can find a video or article that discusses this .
nice to find someone on reddit willing to have a reasonable discussion .
it 's not like the pilot would be already in the cockpit .
you never know when your account will be disabled .
i cash out frequently while still being mindful of the monthly first 25 card discount
i agree with all of this and just want to add if you already told her about the note and she said it was n't her do n't bring it up to her again .
that will only serve to make things awkward between you .
pink floyd is the first band that got me out of my radiohead only period another band with several classic albums .
does the oculus strap pull pressure to the nose bridge enough to be annoying after playing awhile ?
i make my own pasta sauce most of the time because canned tomatoes are stupid cheap and always on sale at publix .
i knew about the yogurt bit so i try to do plain with only some honey .
and i wish i had time to make my own pasta but i 'm living the poor life right now .
but they 're women and they 're just to look at so who gives a shit
i see it as he was just an arrogant warlock before and now it has intensified as he is gripped with fear about the short amount of time he has left before he and his ghost are completely assimilated .
i find him to be one of the best new characters introduced alongside hawthorn and kay
almost as good as gems coated in positive elixir trades
your submission has been deleted for the following reason s
you can either post your question on our daily ask competitivehs thread which is stickied on the front page or alternatively ask one of the teachers on the askhearthstone discord for a quick reply !
please familiarize yourself with our submission/comment guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/competitivehs/wiki/rules before posting in the future .
if you disagree with this removal please send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcompetitivehs subject message .
as a mexican is disturbing that the recipe does n't include copious amounts of sliced onion .
tinga is basically shredded chicken with sliced onion in tomato sauce
i 'm in need of something similar i can have a dude use two hands for
what are the chances of them hitting or killing me with all these people here '' .
i do n't have to outrun the bear i just have to outrun the other guy
i do n't have to hide behind a structure i just have to hide behind the person next to me who will take the bullet
either that or an ak with a bumpfire stock .
some people have said that a 5.56 rifle is n't as loud as what we heard in the video but i beg to differ .
when i 'm not feeling lazy i will noct shield pre pull and switch back to diurnal to slap a regen on once we 've parked and the tank has aggro on all the mobs .
it 's an excellent way to shield a tank who does a large pull but does n't path carefully and takes a lot of excess damage and also just a great habit to have .
i 'm happy to share these videos to anyone who would like to make a compilation or for any other reason .
dave had said the meaning behind 'concrete gold ' as a phrase was about something beautiful peaking out of something heavy coarse .
some folks do n't like a dirge with urge but i sure do .
well regulated '' does not mean subject to state inspection '' .
it means in proper working order '' which is just the opposite .
a militia is anyone eligible for military service which is 18 or older .
it does n't matter anyways dc vs heller established the 2nd amendment as an individual right .
it did n't even occur to me how much i was being advertised to until i came to r/hailcorporate
i 've heard that you also get less nutritional value when compared to a smaller one .
like 1 gram of normal zucchini vs 1 gram of monster zucchini and the smaller one will have more nutrients .
i 'm too lazy to look this up though so would be happy for someone to prove or disprove me wrong .
i use coinbase currently how 's it going to work with them ?
i have broken plenty of sona shields as tank maokai .
honestly on maokai i 'm in the top half of damage overall going full tank majority of the time in aram .
what products has apple killed after a year or two ?
first winter of tower climbing i was working in northern michigan .
i had a decent enough windbreaker over some jackets for my torso but the 3 pairs of jeans and long johns i had on did nothing for the wind .
my legs were locking up at 20 feet and i had to come down .
luckily my coworker had some ski pants that took care of my legs .
after the climb it took a couple minutes in the truck to get the scarf unstuck from my beard .
the moisture from my breath iced it up pretty good .
ah i see i though the score was actual seconds .
but either way what i was talking about does n't necessarily require multi-threading rather instead of having the units ' movements be in pixels/frame they 're in pixels/millisecond and you use millis to determine the adequate displacement for this frame .
just won a game as a 5 man with ekko kass shyv jarvan and taric and we did n't get the mission completed .
it would make sense for them tbh plenty of people realize they can make a fortune off not buying points throughout the year but rather being savvy traders .
cutting this off ups the need for most to continue to buy points .
how close would a bullet have to fly by you to be able to hear the sonic boom that well ?
ever had a convicted feeling from some type of wrongdoing ?
do you have a voice in the back of your head letting you know right from wrong ?
generally this is a mls violation against the listing agent .
it 's up to the buyer to verify all facts .
entering in false data is a fineable mls offense with the local board .
i 've seen school districts entered in wrong number of rooms transferability of warranties .
sure but while you 're here what burst should i pick on gem banner select ?
i mean i could think for myself or make my own value judgments after doing a little research with the many resources the sub provides or just ask in the weekly question thread but what i would rather do is just list every relic i 've ever owned and have all 18k reddit subscribers do the work for me ... cool ?
do n't event care if you do n't see this .
just want everyone to know how ridiculous you are .
the owl is unhurt and you are fucking crazy .
everything except for banning fucking guns for citizens use !
i ca n't believe that you americans still fight for your right to own these when you know very well that these horrific things happen not to mention that you claim to own them for protection and to stop these things from happening i do n't think i have ever heard of a citizen pulling a gun on the gunman .
you all need to get over your pathetic amendment that was put in place for a country that was in its infancy .
you are no longer threatened by wildlife walking the city streets .
i went ahead and sent the team an email they directed me towards the non-commercial forums .
guess i 'll just have to mess around in maya and figure out the names of individual attributes and such .
the second he started losing it and spraying the counter i just died of laughter
i was n't a follower of calgary before but god bless you fine people for this
y'all have real winters though where i am it just get cold and windy i 'd love to do winter sports but it 's just not physically possible
it looks like ugly-ass windows 8 or a cell phone app or some of that bullshit .
pretty simple the peope of the uk have a shared history and culture .
yes there are distinct elements here and there but mostly its one united political social and economic culture .
the eu does not have this in fact it was created to try and magic this up out of nowhere for the people of europe in order to stop them killing each other due to their differences .
the uk is much older and these differences have largely gone .
the scottish want independence but even if they got it would share culture etc with the rest of the uk .
they would n't share any of that with say luxembourg .
tldr eu ca n't be democratic because theres no demos .
at this point just open a short position if you 're so convinced it 'll fail .
have you heard about bump-stocks and drum magazines being involved in this anywhere other than on reddit ?
i 'll never forget when i was 11 and my brother made me so mad that i dropped his ps2 down the laundry chute .
it hit the basement floor and exploded into at least 20 pieces
you do n't think companies also tell qualcomm what they want in the future ?
only thing i do n't like there is opening with taxman .
that song never made sense to me in the context of the rest of it .
but what do they need to defend themselves from ... if they have gun control ?
i 'll start the eighth month etymology does n't lie you heathens off with some good news i was talking to a friend when he in the course of conversation parodied aave .
and asserted that all dialects of english are equally valid .
he said something along the lines of there 's only one correct english otherwise it 's not really english '' to which i asked how there can be both british and american english since he definitely did n't think that only one of those was correct .
you can try would n't take too much modification on the skill end .
your problem 's going to be alexa can only speak to https servers and only those whose certificate was generated by one of their approved authorities .
lambda on the other hand is crazy cheap and hosts alexa skills out of the box .
my monthly bill for several skills i use most days is a few cents .
would start with those lvl 1 teslas maybe mortars and archer towers too .
also get a bigger de storage you 'll need it to hold enough de for the upcoming lab/hero upgrades .
chiefs want them to jump offsides and the redskins are going to be careful not to ?
had a small road trip with the bros and ended up finding buddy 's backstreet boyz cd .
we played it trying to make fun of our friend but all ended up singing along to this song .
i remember a fond stupid memory pretty much every time i hear this song .
is temmie holding on to me because that 's the part where his mind was being controlled ?
was watching the news about this and the commentator literally said
we do n't know his motive or his political leanings ''
who the fuck cares about his political leanings when 59 people are dead .
the media is just trying to stir shit up and divide people .
this is because the two parties were in separate rooms .
in fact it was the representing lawyers who were threatening violence upon each other .
in fact i have never heard such vile insults in my professional career .
unfortunately these things do not help the end result of a mediation .
that type of tone does not lend itself to resolution .
the courts are usually needed when emotions are running so high that the two sides want to get violent with each other .
now i 'm middle class i guess depending on your view .
which makes me part of the overwhelming large voting base .
if you make the feel happy they 'll vote with you .
now more than ever is when republicans should be trying to make people happy .
he spends all of his time playing off of what people feel .
we can blame dead babies on obama even if we could have saved them .
there 's nothing sadder than an innocent dying child .
the whole concert ticket business just has me so soured to the idea of supporting sales .
kind of like how i-70 traffic made me hate skiing anymore .
felt kinda rude not to say this but i did read your comment very closely .
i feel like a bunch of weight has been lifted off my shoulders .
just did n't want you to think i was n't paying attention .
i use x to both crouch much easier to do than holding control
in talks about consent choice and individuality someone always brings up how nothing we do is truly free that no choice we have is completely free of society influences that our desires are shaped by society and so on .
this is done to bring ambiguity towards the concept of consent and freedom .
this ideas are the result of structuralist and post-structuralist literature right ?
i would n't pin these ideas on structuralism and post-structuralism exactly .
what i see those two doing is ignoring or minimizing questions of choice and intention .
when it comes to freedom they seem to quite like speaking of things like radical freedom '' or radical '' anything else generally with the idea that when you put radical '' before an abstract noun your rethinking it in a deep way .
but yeah i would n't feel comfortable mapping determinism vs free will on to structuralism and post structuralism .
i do n't think they argue we are determined exactly especially post-structuralism they just tend to ignore or minimize those issues .
tolkien knew finnish so he based some aspects of sindarin on sounds from the language .
but i always thought finnish and elvish sounded very similar too .
no shared words that i know of but something in the pronunciation cadence is very similar .
that being said there are limitations on some features continuous integration and a couple other things ... ca n't remember what .
you can use it completely for free for educational projects open source projects paid indie projects and small businesses can have up to 5 people using it concurrently .
it tells you who all can use visual studio community 2017. https www.visualstudio.com/license-terms/mlt553321
dig up some articles on puppies from a pet store and also having a puppy and baby at the same time .
throw in some positive articles about saving a rescue dog 's life .
maybe your parents will understand it more if they read about it as if it were their idea
i 'm rooting for you and buddy to stay together !
i could n't imagine giving up my rescue dog !
since a market equilibrium maximises utility a market failure is by definition an undesirable outcome .
if it 's not then you need to rewrite your utility function .
this update came up before i even finished the first one and i 'm very glad to hear you acted so swiftly are safe and are being looked at .
you have what it takes to see this through do n't let anyone try to sway you into rugsweeping .
not only did your dh not stand up for you until you called his bluff he threatened to take away your lo to your assaulter .
honestly i would n't move back in with him into any kind of place until you both have some therapy under your belts .
make sure to talk to your therapist and lawyer about when he threatened to leave with lo and tried to make you apologize to your assualter .
he was also emotionally manipulating and abusing you imo and that needs to be documented and discussed and hashed out no matter which route you go .
those are the only ones who will go out of their way to make sure you know they are a feminist and are the ones i 'm talking about .
some stds spread through skin contact making the condom ineffective for those stds
you could make some cool hipster art out of those two half-plates
in my desk drawer at work i keep an aeropress porlex mini mill small scale immersion heater and a small canvas zip bag to keep it all together
i think your tyler olsen one might have a typo seeing as he only threw 20 innings all year .
with a handgun it would have been virtually impossible to hit that shooter .
jagr would have the record if gary bettman did n't have three lockouts across jagr 's career .
most gun deaths here are suicides most that are n't suicides are gang related in high crime urban areas .
while both these things are awful and tragic they do n't really affect most americans .
among both those categories i just told you about very few are done with the types of weapons used last night .
semi auto hand guns are the biggest killers of people .
i do n't see how banning the rifles i am talking about would do anything to save lives .
ok just focusing on that article the guy choked her until she passed out and then proceeded to do things to her they had not discussed or consented to .
how is this even the same as what you 're talking about ?
the biggest red flag i see is attempting to render a person unconscious in order to sexually assault them '' which means he specifically went out of his way to make her pass out in order to assault her in a state where she would n't be able to consent .
also please see the line although the court found that this was bodily harm the trial judge found that it was too transient to amount to bodily harm .
what this means is that even though it 's technically assault because it was clearly consensual the judge agreed that he should not be charged for a crime for which the other person consented to which is exactly what i just said .
the biggest issue with this is that he choked her into unconsciousness and then proceeded to rape her .
that is 100 different than waking a partner up with sex that they asked you to initiate when you were asleep .
she did not consent to being essentially raped while she was unconscious .
it would not make sense for most people to say i want you to choke me until i 'm unconscious for three minutes and then tie me up and fuck me without making sure i 'm ok. '' continuing on with the article ...
was not clear whether she knew or consented to that sexual activity j.a .
where does she say she consented to the sex continuing after he made her pass out ?
she understood that choking may lead to her passing out but if your partner fucking passes out while you 're violently choking them during sex do n't you think it 's in your best interest to i do n't know make sure they 're still fucking alive ?
not tie them up and proceed to make sure you get off ?
i think in the 21st century we 've pretty much already realized that no air supply like from being choked is a pretty common way people die .
this is quite literally the worst court case to link because it has not only very little link to yours but is in general just really messed up .
fox could be a real 6moty candidate if he plays like this during the season
i can confirm that i have n't used either in a purely cs-based course .
maybe if you were really into graphics and simulations ...
but that 's a small number of cs students to begin with .
maybe you should go to your safe space til this is all over .
i 've done 15 in the past ... . trimmed back to 13 this season
i 'm going to have to watch a film to understand the heartwarming pathos of asswiping .
then i guess you 've got a problem with almost every language change that 's ever happened .
to let the market decide which is the real bitcoin
pretty much everyone '' except for a certain henry and most wooden coaster fans .
got ta remember that without mean streak and texas giant a spectacular breed of gigantic wooden coasters is no longer .
if it 's a matter of attraction rate then yeah i guess it 's dhu
guess first question is what are you valuing the snes classic at ?
the only way you can save her '' is going through the correct pet pal dialogue choices kill all the other dogs while ignoring emmie and then go invis and run away .
obviously this is only for rp peace of mind since the game wo n't make her leave the area .
also can you provide objective definitions of waste '' ?
what seems wasteful to one is often needful to another .
every time there is a mass shooting cnn and all the other liberal news stations bring up that there needs to be stricter gun control .
then a couple weeks later they forget about gun control and do news segments on anything that trump tweets .
can someone explain to me how stricter gun control will help solve this problem ?
because it sure does n't help in places like new york chicago and detroit .
and these places have some of the strictest gun control in the country .
also why do most mass shootings happen in gun free zones ?
it 's almost as if criminals do n't follow laws ...
it looks like you 're trying to start a conversation but you have n't included much for users to respond to .
please make a new post and include your thoughts in the text portion of your post .
for example what did you like or dislike about the book ?
what did you think of the actions of the main character ?
please do n't add random stuff as it is just going to get your post removed again .
also please be aware that asking for book recommendations is against r/books rules .
book recommendation requests should be posted in either r/suggestmeabook or in our weekly recommendation thread which can be found on our front page just below the banner .
if you feel you have received this message in error click the link below to speak to a human .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/books if you have any questions or concerns .
use ! flipoffseija to have me ignore you till i forget you said that
its not 100 percent based on your looks its also about your income and perceived social status .
or he just got caught up in his hype and ended up adding a few lies to his truth ?
and you have total control over when to redraw the screen if the app is does nothing it does nothing .
chrome is n't sitting there spinning away drawing constantly .
just me not living there then coming over after a week away my situation is .
also after realizing i mistyped in the op it is the gpu that goes to 49c during gameplay
if you get tired of vanilla i 'd give it a try .
breathed new life into the game for me and my friends .
it 's got a quite a few excellent additions to the game .
things like miners box and woodshed for anything stone related and wood .
multiple tiers of mortar and pestle type stations instead of just m+p-horse-chem bench .
you can add in almost all modern engrams too .
of course there 's a language war going on so i have to say i like http inform7.com 's rulebooks better than anything i 've seen in tads .
the tads approach also falls victim to the temptation to give your entities a whole bunch of methods '' which is the oo error .
and the inform7 approach is far more flexible than a roguelike will likely need .
1 i 'm trying to grow it out again it was shoulder length a few months ago and i regret cutting it .
2 i have to work before classes as a batista and wear a dumb hat the fucs up my hair every morning .
and when my prayers to god were meet with indifference
i pick up the penn i wrote my own deliverance .
my house share works out to be £75/week literally a 2 minute walk from both liverpool lime street main line and liverpool central metro
question is whether you actually want to dedicate another materia slot to it .
remember ayaka has 5 mp refresh already so if you put her own tmr on you 're at 15 turn .
it 's not enough to keep her mp neutral but considering any modern group will have some kind of outside mp restoration it should be plenty to bridge the gap until you need to restore other units ' mana anyway .
yeah i never knew how taking more drugs help weed is one thing idk i 'm just not a drug pro
like most things in the games industry the prevalence of online components in modern games both enhance and detract from the experience .
many games that could very easily be purely single player experiences benefit from online features in both subtle the you and x of players '' stuff in telltale games and fundamental ways all the player interactions in souls games .
the other side of the coin are disasters like sim city where anyone without a stable internet connection was alienated from playing the game due to the requirement of internet for a purely single player experience .
in the middle are games like hitman and the phantom pain where the online components of the game offer clear additional features but also come at a cost in fairly significant annoyance while playing .
overall i think optional online features are a good thing but unnecessarily forcing an online connection is always a bad idea .
i also think developers and publishers are slowly learning this .
lol yuck we need a marking type not someone like watts
not many people know just how bad the threats on his family got and the level of shit that he went through in that time .
ofcourse we will always have a group to say he staged the entire thing including the hacks ...
if he wanted to do out himself he could 've done it through his pr department professionally and better prepared for the clusterfuck it became .
yeah the recent referendum really does n't provide much meaningful data from a statistical standpoint .
probably because of the huge clashes with the police .
a lot of moderates and people in favor of a united spain probably did n't go voting because of that .
people make colombine jokes because it 's been decades since it happened .
i mean hey by time the truth is learned it 's too late .
surely the only relevant one is that homicide rates in america are 5 per 100,000 while in australia they are 1.3 per 100,000 ?
all countries have variances in their crime rates the only major difference is how easy it is to kill people with a tool literally designed for that job ?
it sounds silly but my dad would have died either way .
i do n't want to sue over something that could n't have been prevented .
plus it would probably cost money for an attorney and my family is completely broke at the moment .
so if it turned out to be our internet we 'd lose money .
had a catfish try to do this to me years ago .
the mother claimed the girl was underage and got police '' involved when the girl apparently went missing .
when they were claiming the police were involved all i did was talk to the cops and they followed it up and told me it was a scam .
i have a bunch of your do you like '' s and i 'm not american .
i never really see anti-globalists '' wanting to take care of people at home .
nope one of the main vectors of the brexit campaign was that the money could go into the nhs .
they are comparing the public transportation systems of cities not the entire country as a whole .
the guy who destroyed the raiders last week was n't even in the game plan .
and why crowder has been designated to 4th option is mind boggling to me .
gruden is n't mcvay and this is the types of game plans he comes up with .
something works one week well let 's stop doing that .
i understand where you are coming from and your point is completely valid .
but that does n't support that this needs to be removed .
it is important that people see this precisely because it is sick .
if someone tells you x number of people died you 'd think way less of it than if you see this photo .
this is not an isolated incidence and it needs not be dismissed as such .
whatever that is is up for debate but photo 's such as these prove that something needs to happen somewhere .
ca n't have people using photoshop now as they please !
wonder how you would feel if the government started doing to the same thing !
best thing you can do is press the fake insta for more info .
tell them you do n't care who they are you just want to know exactly what happened .
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
just try your best at karma and pray to rng
saw three restaurant blocks pop in austin this weekend and it showed a general area of town where the block was in north downtown and south iirc .
we just want to remind you of some important rules
definitions of these terms can be found in the legitimacy policy https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/policy .
that includes pokémon obtained from wonder trade the gts and passerby trades and may also include trades on other websites or with friends .
full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny event or competitive legendary pokémon .
if your post violates any of these rules please edit it as appropriate and read the rules in full https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules before posting again .
otherwise your post will be removed by a moderator .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
and i think the problems sunderland suffer are a little more deep seated than manergial appointments
i 'd try to encourage a mutual solution but if not maybe your bf can set a deadline and remind his mom that legally the dog is abandoned and now his responsibility and he 's taking it to a shelter .
and that that is what 's best for the dog .
this gorgeous couple http aglowphotography.blogspot.co.nz/2016/09/rens-linda-roodezand-tulbagh.html ? m=1 had dark teal bridal attire as well as a few other bits and bobs but also had pops of bright berry colours flowers etc to brighten things up .
i recon that could be super gorgeous for your wedding .
succulents are a fantastic idea especially as you can keep and turn them into decor afterwards .
adding a few flowers in same sorts of berry colours that the couple above used in addition to the succulents would look utterly gorgeous
i do n't recall but i believe you can own them but you can not purchase them anymore .
it 's pretty easy to modify a semi-automatic to almost like an automatic though that much i do know .
i believe he 's referring to blightghast the plaguebringer and shadow of the dragon mk 1 mk 2
how are the macros when adding new cals for each week .
would need more pics to judge but you 're sexy af .
i can not even fathom what type of a person would let this happen to them .
how are u forced to sell something that is yours because rules ? ? ?
the only reasonable explanation u needed the job and could n't afford to piss off your boss and lose it .
any other reason girl u need to learn to stick up for yourself .
used to happen with some hunter cloaks but now it happens with certain warlock items too only happens when you 're in 3rd person or looking at another character in very specific ways but it does get annoying when it stops you seeing stuff .
my personal favorite is po kong on kingsway and knight .
i laughed but not without a touch of sads .
in some cases we want things to just exist for gameplay reasons that do n't necessarily need to be supported by lore in the game '' jeff kaplan
i did n't realise i needed this until i found it !
currently using destiny 2 to cope with anxiety and depression would love some group action without the pressure to chat i 'm snakkadooby on psn terrible name i know
we were together for so long and we became too comfortable .
i was constantly asking to at have us time .
he preferred to unwind through watching his chinese drama shows that i can not understand .
i love to travel once in a while see a movie every now and then or eat dinner out and try new places .
he believes they 're all wastes of money and would n't go .
in the end we could n't compromise and led our own lives .
he says i did n't fight for it enough but i believe he did n't meet me half way .
when i told him it was over he was shocked .
i was made the villain cause i was leaving a good man .
but what would i do with a good man i ca n't enjoy a life with ?
i 'll pay you money to grind it for me i just ca n't stand that line .
i did find in x you feel more in control because of the nature of the wall jumps and dashes so it felt fairer '' and more approachable .
more rewarding feeling when you succeed easier to play once you get it '' easier to succeed in the first place because of your options .
they are n't easy but if you get good i think they 're easier than than the nes titles .
also happens all the time on the mlb feed when nesn throws it from dob to tc you get used to it over time .
the people who voted for it voted for such a spread of possibilities that delivering it would be impossible .
and those who voted against it are n't going to be happy either way .
this is the link to see who voted for or against pai .
i will post a part 2 with all the missing girls
she has n't behaved like that for a long time though .
she had a hard lesson early in the season and recovered from that .
upset that the us is being reduced to stereotypes ?
dingus i think the op was talking in broad brush terms .
yes the catholic church has a serious child molestation problem but that does not mean every catholic is either a child molestor or in any way supports it .
the lunatic who shots up the gop basket ball court was a bernie supporter that does not mean all bernie supporters or mr sanders himself supports shooting people .
this sounds like the author got a bit too caught up in thinking of clojure as a community lifestyle philosophy and then became jaded after reality finally hit .
that sort of thing will inevitably lead to disappointment because you 'll eventually realise your heroes are just as human as you are and they 're just as capable of making/doing flawed things as any other mere mortal .
contributing and helping is great but if you stop seeing it as a group of people that happen to use the same language and start looking at it as a community '' of like-minded folk that just happens to be built around a language then you need to take a step back and rethink your attachment .
sure rich hickey is awesome and smart but that does n't mean he 'll ever be your friend and depending on your personalities you might realise you would n't want him to be if you were to ever spend any time around him .
it 's easy to get caught up in crap like this especially if the language makers are highly visible .
rob pike tends to come across as an insufferable jackass hickey sounds clever and smart matz seems too nice to be human and every time guido van rossum talks about functional programming i just want to facepalm .
it 's easy to start looking at the languages through the lens of those impressions but really none of it matters .
what matters is whether you like the language or not and whether it lets you do something useful .
if it works remind yourself that it 's just a piece of technology not some enlightened lifestyle you and others adhere to if it does n't find something that does .
the language is what you have to deal with every day not the community around it .
i 've always said in his defense what german with a ton of money to spend dresses well ?
is it still on the side of the road like mine ?
small users wo n't transact on a chain where no blocks are mined .
and you should be careful before assuming that a majority of users will just move to the s2x chain .
all the miners and the businesses in the world wo n't be able to get anything done if the users do n't move to their chain .
nodes are an imperfect metric but it 's still better than no metric at all
there 's also luke-jr 's sybil resistant poll which indicates that the majority of users do not want a hard-fork now .
there 's also the fact that r/bitcoin bitcointalk.com have more activity than r/btc bicoin.com 's forum .
i had n't even considered but that 's a great place to look .
so im currently th10 with maxed buildings heroes 29/36 and all walls lvl 9 with about 20 level 10 ive just recently maxed buildings so starting grinding walls .
so i know in theory i should wait till heros maxed at least till i upgrade th but i feel like ive lost all motivation for the game now since im just grinding walls and heroes the last 2 weeks .
been grining heros since i started playing the game again about 4 months ago when heroes were 20/20 or less i think .
basically looking for advice on either upgrading th or what else to do to keep motivated .
ive been farming in crystal 1 or masters 3 with mass miners and the loot has been great but kind of running out of steam the last few weeks which could be making me less motivated also .
anyway any help or suggestions would be great thanks .
i think the digitizer is a little too small and would like to hear what other people prefer .
i have looked a little on the thinkpad pen pro .
i need the 'eraser ' on the top for note taking .
i want to get about three copies of the staff but am not sure if that is even possible .
is it possible to farm multiple copies of rare weapons such as the staff of the magi or are you limited to one per game ?
my post is just a question to the co developers and modders
is it possible to add bridges meshes in the game ?
remember sc4 gave the posibility to choose what style of bridge we would have on the river the canyon etc .
i dream the day when we 'll can build a golden gate bridge over the bay without spend time to place correctly props .
i know the feature was scheduled but currently there are no news about it .
have lobotomy madness pledge whit extra character pack and cthulhu add-ons condition is 4 opened but unplayed .
so explore the world of zpocalypse without the extra fluff .
includes z-burbs deluxe zpocalypse zmergency aftermath alpha beta squad fortifications pack military tile pack adapter pack 2.0. condition is 5 all is still in foil and unoppend .
want rum and bones pledge or zombicide black plague pledge .
games will be shipped from poland so keep in mind that shipment might be higher .
i am using opensuse in the current version and while i am not a n00b i do n't even know how to formulate what i have been looking for so google was very much not my friend .
i want for uninterrupted writing the computer i use to have a usable text mode not a text mode where i need a magnifying glass to discern anything not any framebuffer trickery .
i know there used to be a kernel parameter for this but my memory either misremembers it or it has changed between the late 1990s and now .
and yes i know that my vision is bad but that ca n't be changed so please do n't comment on that .
edit everyone in the future who happens upon this thread i found out that there are console fonts which are not tiny and/or with thin lines and set a console font that is positively huge ter-v32b .
i can now use my favorite text editor without resorting to x11 .
i ca n't fluently go from s '' to th '' it always feels weird .
as an english teacher i am interested to know which question form is more popular .
hey all since season 2 there has been a theory in my mind that i wanted to share .
it has to do with the structure of the multiverse basically how the infinite universes are accessible by rick 's portal gun .
now if we consider that a single universe is a dot and all the universes run on the same time given by the creators then we can think of a 3d matrix full of potential universes with infinite sides .
but the placement of the universes in this matrix is not random each universe is surrounded by other universes that are as close as possible to it .
the furthest you travel from your base universe the weirder things get .
in very lengthy travels even the fundamental laws of physics start to change .
this structure of multiverses is not static in given situations every major decision creates new universes around it while some decisions are destroying other universes i will elaborate shortly .
this case can be supported by rick and morty 's hopping from c-137 to another universe where they just died .
everything is almost the same as their base universe but in this one they had a fatal accident .
this theory can be further expanded by mapping the matrix in three parts
the close radius where reality is very similar to the base universe similar people similar behaviors similar situations e.g beth has divorced jerry .
this is the vital radius in which rick can hop realities since the overall conditions are similar to the ones he knows .
but on the same time this is the most dangerous zone since the ricks inhabiting them are closest to the 'rickiest rick ' .
my guess is that rick knows this that 's why he says that they can only hop universes a couple of times '' since he does n't want to cross a similar rick .
the mid radius where other ricks and mortys exist in various forms e.g .
this universe spectrum contains the citadel and most of the characters we see in the series .
it 's rather interesting to theorize in this range that most ricks have developed a portal gun and some have n't and explore the reason why they left their realities to perform tedious tasks like working in a factory in citadel .
the long range were ricks and mortys never existed .
this is where inter-dimentional tv is most interesting and where rick can do whatever he wants steal stuff destroy a universe etc. .
this is also a place where citadel ricks have a hard time to track rick c-137 therefore a lot of adventures are taking place there .
destroying a universe this case is creating a hole '' in the multiverse matrix .
when rick is destroying a universe '' it 's not that he actually terminates it but rather applying a great change that makes it waaay different than the rest around it like cronenberg reality .
rick 's decision destroyed the fundamental structure of that universe so while it did n't actually ceased to exit from that point on he influenced all the generated universes around it making the area around it completely different .
what eventually influences the multiverse matrix the generated universes and the destruction of some is basically the degree of divergence .
it is safe to assume that universes that are created by minor decisions of low impact are actually merged in a way that similar universes tend to be unified .
at the same time decisions or actions of high degree of divergence actually change the multiverse mapping drastically .
it seems that rick has taken many decisions in his universe where most of the newly created universes have been merged with his main one .
this would make him stronger more opinionated and more stubborn not in a passive way but rather in a hyper-decission-making way .
we can also witness this during the time-split episode where he is the most certain character regarding his actions even doing a presentation of how insignificant his grandkids are to him .
why citadel and the galactic federation think of rick c-137 as the biggest threat .
rick is constantly creating holes '' in the multiverse matrix he visits other realities and takes decisions with the highest degree of divergence .
he completely changes parts of the mapping making it very hard for both the citadel and the galactic federation to keep track .
rick is acting like a god not only in his universe but in the whole structure of multiverses .
or completely ignore the prompt and talk about whatever you like !
any time i tried to find this it 's often overshadowed by the prodigy namikaze which is ridiculous .
anyhow the story starts in the aftermath of the kyuubi attack .
naruto was born few years before the event as such his sister was burdened with the task .
the uzumaki clan resides within the village and the naruto is the heir but he does n't like it .
he tried to become a ninja several times but kushina mother the current clan head says otherwise .
after the kyuubi attack the uzumaki and uchiha clan became the prime suspect courtesy of the village .
once naruto finally manages to enter the academy he meets itachi and gets his ass kicked by him they 're the same age .
itachi keeps trying to get him to train together but naruto refuses uzumaki 's pride and all .
naruto also has a maiden that takes care of him since kushina is busy with the host .
it 's a bit vague but that 's all i can muster .
it 's not circular logic it 's a counterbalance .
it 's like saying why do you want a strong legislative branch even though you also have a strong executive branch '' ?
i want a strong legislative branch because i have a strong executive branch so the latter ca n't overwhelm the former .
the standing military is necessary to deter foreign aggression and protect us interests overseas .
the militia is necessary to act as a counterweight to the military and deter any domestic misuse of it .
from u/publiusva on why do conservatives believe in nationalism and militarism but want guns to protect them from the government ?
looking to upgrade from an f8 and was planning on the 633 but now it seems there 's another possibility the mix pre-10 .
times that civilizations could have made it big but due to bad ai be it in unit production planning or bad diplomacy just failed to live up to potential .
would it be possible for someone to translate victory is our only cry '' into latin ?
cry '' in this case is in the context of battle cry '' .
we had a first work meeting today just the two of us .
in some ways it was fun and delightful the usual spark and connection between us ...
i 've said it before i genuinely want her relationship with this new guy to work .
i worry that if we do n't create distance then i 'll be a distraction or an escape when she inevitably gets scared by the commitment needed to make new guy work .
i do n't want to be an out '' for her otherwise she 'll potentially subconsciously self-destruct on the positive relationship she could make work and start a family with .
i 'm telling myself i 'd say no anyway .
and then i tell myself i 'm probably lying to myself .
i was cheeky and asked how mr wonderful '' was .
she told me to mind your own fucking business '' with just a hint of a smile but not enough to not make it clear not to ask again .
she told me off for being so formal in recent emails .
i shrugged we did n't need a deep and meaningful 'us ' conversation today .
she asked how i was doing ... with genuine interest .
i told her i was doing really well and briefly mentioned a couple of things i was up to .
we work well together and bounce off each other .
a part of me likes to think the old platonic but flirty friendship we once had might be be able to be rekindled .
but i keep coming back to the concern that this is my selfishness wanting to hold onto a part of her that is n't mine to keep .
if i was her new guy i 'd want me right out of the picture .
he does n't know about me ... at least i do n't think so .
she wants to show me that she can be a grown up about this and handle the situation .
i want to have an open conversation about this and tell her i worry that i 'm going to be a distraction to the new relationship but then she 'd likely tell me to not have such a high opinion of myself .
she 'd get defensive and tell me how i do n't come close to comparable to mr wonderful .
she would always get defensive if i put her in a corner or made her feel emotionally vulnerable .
the hour we had together was like an indulgent epilogue ... but i have to keep remembering that 's what it is .
sorry for being repetitive just appreciate having somewhere to articulate how i 'm feeling .
i am considering building a deck and have 2 choices .
the reanimator deck would have all the cards needed no proxies or special editions .
however the vintage deck depending which i choose would have the most expensive cards like power 9 replaced with the collectors editions versions instead of the abu ones .
currently i do n't plan on doing any tournaments so i was wondering .
if you were in my position which one would be best to get and why ?
also does anyone ever think there will be a time where ce/ie power will be legal due to shrinking supply ?
please make a link post https www.reddit.com/r/humblebundles/submit and not a text post .
i know sometimes the posts will be auto-removed but if that happens send a message to the mods and i 'll approve the post .
from now on i believe it 's best if i remove text posts only containing a hb link inside .
r looking for a ditto with 4ivs need for breeding in omega ruby
looking for a great local restaurant to cater my wedding reception for 120 folks .
so far i 'm considering nicholas lebanese or maybe one of the mercado food carts .
does anyone else have any good suggestions i should consider ?
chicken bok choy broccoli and cauliflower stir fried in coconut oil and seasoned with light soy sauce garlic and white pepper .
tastes quite nice the coconut oil gives an impression of natural sweetness even though there is none at all .
it is also a top quality organic extra virgin oil from thailand .
is this something that would appeal to keto people ?
from the springsteen-esque rust belt depression of allentown the bunny boiler/tony perkins anthem laura or the drug soaked reverie of scandinavian skies this album has it all .
so i 'm planning to change my character-bias due to how he was reworked beyond imagination .
given of my preferences over mystics and special damage toons .
i wan na hear players opinion on who may be a good alternative .
i really do n't care about the meta as long as i have a viable team that works when i control them i 'm fine .
apparently the last patch broke the fort route calculator ... go figure .
waiting on a patch for the python trade optimizer .
spent the last six hours drinking with coworkers at a work event .
it was super tough to not think about cigarettes every few seconds .
every time took a deep breath and thought about the amazing smell of air that is n't smoke .
thought about my lungs and my body and the four days i 've already committed to this .
i 'm just happy to be back in my hotel room tonight without a single cigarette to my name .
anyone else notice how similar harley 's face is to margot robbie harley ?
it was n't the time but it was forced .
everything happened so fast i ended up having to come out because i had no other options .
she flipped out on me said that it was the 'wrong ' path .
background story we live in the middle east so you have an idea to why it 's the wrong path .
she 's asking me to break up with my girlfriend the girl that has made me the happiest in my entire life .
i am not ready to let go of my girl she completes me .
how am i supposed not to see my gf ?
i 'm sorry for venting but i am completely broken .
i have n't slept beside 2.5 hrs today and all i could think about is how i can fix my life .
do you think she will forget about this incident ?
i told her i 'll 'change ' but i know i 'm lying to her but i could n't see her crying and blaming herself for how i turned out .
she 's old-fashioned so i understand that it 's too much to take in .
i 'm not fully equipped to leave home but that 's all i can think of .
i 've graduated english literature and language this year and i have four years experience working in the purchasing department .
i keep telling myself that life will get better but i 'm not really sure if it 's really gon na get better .
so the japanese version was forced to publish the rates due to gambling law .
all i found is a gambling law in china .
since we have the categories japan '' and rest of the world '' china pretty much falls in to the latter .
also if anyone of you knows that your country has a similar law text bandai plz .
i picked it up super cheap and it needs some work as i wanted a project .
i ca n't seem to find out if the 1994 honda shadow vlx 600 is compatible with other years for the fork or triple tree as thats one of the main things i need to replace..
hopefully someone has some insight as i cant seem to find this information anywhere .
i am not a fan of using the shield so i decided to go with a nomad build combined with 3 pc tac .
works well and i switch between the gas charge and flash bang to stun groups and take em out with my random team .
the other skill i keep is defib to revive my team .
seems to work well with random team mates in wt5 challenging legendary .
after finding a message on a goblin i competed and won a fight against the goblin champion .
i play mostly on weekends and nights in australia aedt .
i like to be main ball handler and i mostly drive and dish but my build can hit moving jumpers and nail corner threes .
sick of little kids who either do n't know how to use their build and/or ca n't play d for shit .
i 'm leaving for collage soon and want to give a going away present bundle ... thing idk .
to start i have a ps2 and 3 they 'll get and i 'm wondering what i should get for them .
they liked journey hell i could get them a ps4 idk and i was thinking of the kingdom hearts series too .
bitcoin atm project is the original campaign to bring crypto-atms nationwide in the united states and to release a crypto-based debit card that can be used at these atms and supporting merchants .
based on the amount of funding received during the crowdfund the project aims to distribute up to 3,000 atms with a goal of placing one in every county across the united states .
the bitcoin atms being distributed are made by genesis coin the genesis1 and the 2-way satoshi1 .
genesis coin is the industry leader in bitcoin atms having 728 of the 1591 machines currently in operation worldwide today .
these atms currently support the purchase and sale of bitcoin lite coin and dogecoin .
support for ether cryptocoins and possibly other cryptocurrencies will be added during the initial design process .
the bitcoin atm usage fees aim to be among the lowest in the world at 3.5 to buy and 4.5 to sell .
the cryptocoin debit card is a crypto-to-crypto payment mechanism where funds are sent and received in cryptocurrency .
a cardholder 's account stores access to various forms of cryptocurrency which can by using the card transfer funds to a merchant or receiver .
card usage is compatible with existing hardware square or similar company 's card readers alongside using our point of sale app .
these readers can be purchased for little to no cost and would be easy for any merchant to get and begin using .
this convenience would encourage many retailers to begin accepting bitcoin and other crypto .
operating outside the visa/mastercard network allows for a true crypto-to-crypto card to exist and be owned and used with complete anonymity if desired .
the cryptocoin card can be used for transactions at our bitcoin atms it allows for a convenient way to purchase and withdraw various forms of cryptocurrency without the need to remember or carry lengthy passwords or private keys .
card usage is protected by pin and 2fa two-factor authentication .
cardholders will receive a 50 discount on atm transaction fees and receive 1 cashback on store purchases and .75 cashback on atm transactions in the form of cryptocoins .
cryptocoins cco are backed by the accumulation of fees in an asset contract .
the cco asset contract will accrue a 1 fee on transactions using the cryptocoin debit card as well as all bitcoin atm deposits and withdrawals .
fees will be paid in the cryptocurrency used for each transaction thereby forming a portfolio of various cryptocurrencies .
cryptocoin holders will receive a pro-rated share of this portfolio quarterly .
please read our whitepaper and the pages on our site for more information .
bringing bitcoin atms nationwide would revolutionize and reshape the economic world of today by granting nearby access to everyone in the country a new valuable financial tool .
its potential uses are endless but it all depends on everyone having access to these machines .
people who have no technical knowledge at all would start using bitcoin and other cryptocurrency and bitcoin would be more of a household name than it is today .
being able to buy and sell bitcoin instantly 24/7 without having to mess with an exchange or any human interaction or any security risks .
send money to anyone across the country and they can withdraw it instantly without huge transfer fees like other money transfer services .
people who ca n't get bank accounts can start using bitcoin .
read the site tell us what you think about it and really think about what could happen or how things might change in america if there was instantly thousands of bitcoin atms across the country close enough to each person so that they could have access to one at anytime !
alongside this if everyone could have a crypto-based debit card allowing them to conveniently store access to all their crypto-wallets in one place and to use it as if it were a regular fiat based credit/debit card .
the two ideas go hand-in-hand for bitcoin and the card to become more popular and widely used the bitcoin atms need to exist nationwide .
i 've been listening to yung lean for a bit less than a year now i do n't know if i 'd ever discover him w/out one pal linking me henessy sailor moon when it came out .
been listening to him since and lately almost everyday also seeing him live next month .
most of you might not share my taste but my most listened songs of his are leanworld eye contact and especially stars align .
i 'm confident i listened to that one more than 1-2 thousand times .
it 's a bonus track so even when i talk to fans not all of them know the song and i could n't find lean ever performing it live guess it 's not that popular .
is it pointless to hope it 'll ever be performed live especially now that the new album is coming out ?
i was sad so i was browsing buzzfeed-style websites to make myself feel better and found an article of funny halloween costumes .
one of them was a 119 sexy alexander hamilton costume ... and i bought it ...
i have never worn a sexy costume before and i did n't even do a costume last year because i was at a tournament so i do n't know what i was thinking .
i just really do n't know how to feel about my purchasing choices and my choices as a human being right now p
not a direct joke but i was glad to hear on the radio the other day that the inspiration behind the invention of the sports bra was a dad joke
if in jak ii adult jak helps baby jak though the portal and the events of jak iii are like a year or 2 later would n't damas expect mar to be like 7 ?
but here 's a 20 year old dude with the right necklace so it 's definitely my son ?
just must have been a weird moment for him .
found my lost son and also time travel is a thing apparently ?
i finally started my magicka nightblade build after all this time !
now i 'm wondering if taking it a step further with vampire powers will make this build even more effective and dangerous in both pve and pvp ... would these two work well together ?
still trying to wrap my head around all of this .
i get that there are crazy people who do crazy things but what we do know about this guy and the situation just does n't fully make sense .
i know i 'm not the only one saying this but really think about it everybody .
there had to be people staying on that floor near him .
why did n't people immediately call to the front desk ?
or why have n't they come forward to give their statement on what happened ?
they have to have video of him taking up all of these suitcases .
and if so just release them and put people 's mind at ease that he brought them all .
but transfers to the philippines and a recent one of 100k ? ?
unless it was in crypto they can track it !
he had to have either been selling them or stocked up for multiple people .
if he had all of these guns and all of this ammo and he was by himself and had cameras set up to see when people were coming why did he stop when he did ? ?
i am very very very happy that he did end up stopping when he did .
or came in to people 's minds to do such a thing to anyone .
but if you 're this set up why the sudden halt ?
i know other people are thinking this shit but damn it is eating me alive .
granted it 's not for all weapons and it 's usually only few bullets before end of magazine but it leaves a field for exploitation nevertheless .
other games had similar issues when trying to introduce recoil patterns of any sorts here 's how it was broken on a larger scale in battlefield 3 https youtu.be/n749ugjk8x0 .
what this basically means that if weapon recoil pattern was designed for 25 bullets and weapon has 30 bullets last 5 bullets have no real kick to it and are either perfectly or nearly perfectly accurate .
if left unnoticed by the dev team it probably could be exploited by large mag weapons like lmg by prefiring all shots that have recoil pattern assigned to them and then spraying rest of magazine with laser like accuracy .
so i just bought fm7 for windows and opened it up to see if my laptop with a mobile variant 1080 could handle maxing it out on my tv at 1080p .
but ... the collection '' feature is as bad as you guys made it seem i ca n't get it to unlock past 30fps yes i tried several variations on the frame rate option in the video options and yes my output to my tv is 60hz but imagine my horror when i discovered my favorite mess-around track appears to be missing .
i might as well just go back to 6 on my xbone ...
i like stopping at cool things along the way as mentioned .
i 'll be stopping at grand canyon as well .
i woke sweating in the empty bed covered by too much blanket trying to figure out who turned out the sun before it dawned on me i 'd fallen asleep .
my phone lie dead somewhere among the blankets drained from youtube and auto-play while the charger sat a few states away in the living room .
the neighbor 's dog went off at some imagined pest .
the beast must have ruined my first good sleep in weeks but i decided it was best to get back to it .
i was n't even sure it happened but the sound was enough to keep me from sleep .
i reached for the phone out of instinct hoping there 'd be enough left to get me through the crooked hallway but as i futzed with it my shoulders pinballed off the walls .
i flipped on the patio light expecting some straggling well-wisher with a crappy casserole and stale sympathy but saw instead nothing through the front door window .
the street light outside the house had n't worked for a couple years but all the others did .
i chalked the sound up to animals and decided since i was halfway there to fumble around for the charger .
going back with far less wall bouncing i turned off the patio light
my heart beat out of sync as it climbed up my throat face tingling with panic .
i turned to see a pale face through the sheer white fabric my wife had used to obscure the window .
the face if it was a face i could n't make out the features did n't move .
i do n't think it could see me at my angle to the door .
i hit the switch again and as the light came on the face vanished .
standing in the hallway swallowing my heart back down to its rightful place i recited some factoids .
number one we had squirrels in the big oak tree .
squirrels are jerks and make a lot of noise .
number two the human mind tries to make human images out of random shadows and angles .
it 's the reason for like 100 of ghost sightings but especially those people who are all i saw the shadow figure of a man. no you saw a shadow that your brain made into a man .
shadows lacy curtains and animal sounds fused into a pale faced person at my door .
still leaving the patio light on hurt no one and i made triple sure the door was locked .
the walk back to the room was stiff legged and jerky my spine telling me there was someone watching by locking things up and churning my stomach but between my factoids and the promise of cellular salvation i made it back into bed and under the safety of covers as the phone charged .
it took more than a few deep breaths but after some time i managed a light sleep disturbed by unremembered dreams and the usual but somehow heightened now house sounds .
i do n't know how long i slept like this but i know time passed .
i looked at my now fully charged phone and sighed letting out a tension i had n't known was there .
as the phoned booted up my head raised to avoid the retina scarring screen as it came to life and there in the middle of the hall was a shadow .
not some bs shadow figure hovering around the edge of my vision but the full-form back-lit shadow of a person on the porch .
with my phone in hand i knew this was some kind of trick .
i was so sure that flashlight mode blazing i walked right up to the door .
the shadow did n't move as i approached and when i looked out to see the same dull nothing the logical conclusion came to mind somehow the light filtering through the curtain made this shape .
i 'd never seen it before because the wife never left the light on .
but as i turned my spine issue flared up again and my stomach turned to stone weighing me down .
separating the street and the lawn we had tall bushes for privacy my daughter used to crawl in the spaces between them driving us crazy as she dipped into and out of sight .
i tried not to look at the spaces between but i felt it there something not watching or staring passively but expecting wanting .
it was a little thing no bigger than maya had been with androgynous features and formal wear .
pale loose skin draped from bones its slack jaw hung agape .
it had not eyes but the black holes seemed to focus on me .
i was dreaming or letting suggestion get the best of me .
it was the meat lovers pizza the wife would 've never let me eat the whole thing in one sitting .
that 's what i told myself as i closed my eyes and when again they opened without direct orders the thing was gone .
turning to go back to bed hanging my head in shame that i 'd given into night time fantasies much the same as the ones maya did the phone sprung to life quaking in my palm .
this would be the time i get a telemarketer probably from india some guy named gupta masquerading as mark who spoke better english than most americans and wanted to offer me a great new thing from capitol one .
that 's all it was and i ignored it as my legs wobble-rushed backed to bed the vibrating coming to a crescendo with the obnoxious beep of a voice mail .
under the covers in the safety of a blanket burrito the vibrating started again and again i ignored it along with the corresponding beep .
the third time i ignored it and silenced the ringer altogether .
apparently mark had a quota to meet and i was the last number on his list .
my eyes were n't the least bit heavy anymore and the constant light from the phone did n't help anything .
the light stayed on the phone announcing the blocked number for eternity until despite it making no sound i told it to shut the hell up first as whisper and then as a scream .
it went dark and the tension that clamped my neck abated .
and then came three distinct light taps on my bedroom window .
please let us in i launched out of bed body slamming into the night stand and fell into a heap on the floor .
the voice of a child soft and near tears .
dwyer please it 's cold. the third knock louder this time came from the window shaking the glass .
let us in ! a shout from the backyard .
i reached for the phone which again sprang to life with light .
someone peed my pants as the knocks continued and the window wavered .
neighborhood kids who knew me or my family somehow and thought this would be funny .
maya said you 'd let us in the voice cut through my chest like a knife stinging and swift .
the phone flared to light again and i had an idea .
i hopped up running to every switch in the house turning on every light and opening every shade and curtain until the light poured out .
i knew the kids around here i could see their faces tell their parents .
i went from window to window looking and saw nothing .
no faces between the bushes or on the side of the house nothing by the detached garage .
my phone overheating from the screen being on so long went dark at last and a very physical practical chill from wetting myself settled in as my spine relaxed .
the mind play tricks on us when we do n't treat it right .
i bet then if i checked the phone in the morning i 'd have no missed calls no blocked numbers .
and this was a comforting thought to live with until the final knocking came .
i had n't turned the light on in one room had n't even opened its door .
three sharp knuckle raps on cheap wood shredding the last frayed bits of my sanity .
i ran to the door still covered in stickers and that damn slime crap we could n't wash off .
i went to grab the knob pulling back as cold bit into flesh .
you 're not my girl my gut wrenched hot tears cascading out .
the knob twisted as knocking rang throughout the house .
the neighbor 's dog went nuts and i shut my eyes .
i shut my eyes and plugged my ears as a voice much like my daughter 's begged pleaded and cursed for some indeterminable time .
until i awoke in the hall cold and aching .
daylight flooded in drowning out the lights still on in every room .
i put the phone on the charger out of habit having had the kind of sleep that keeps one a zombie .
i warmed myself with a shower unsure of the night 's events convincing myself it was a bad dream and nothing more .
but in the cold light of day evidence prevailed .
i went into maya 's room for the first time in a month and found the window wide open screen missing .
her toys and clothes were scattered about it could have been how she 'd left it that day .
i limply tried to reason it was burglar thwarted by a basic door lock .
dozens of pairs of tiny feet imprinted in the dirt and hand prints on the windows .
finally i checked the phone dozens of missed calls all from a blocked caller .
it 's not manly i know but i did n't even try not to weep as i heard my daughter 's voice peeking out through vast garbled white noise most messages were inaudible but i pieced something together across the lot of them do n't open the door daddy .
i do n't live there anymore but the phenomena did n't repeat .
everyone else who listened to the messages heard fuzz .
i saved the messages listening to them on those nights when i 'm alone and have stayed up too late my willpower spent .
i hear her voice her warning and await the day when i see her again .
comment below if you 'd like to see them for sale .
what to you think about having an r/fargo monthly restaurant review thread .
each month a restaurant will be picked voted on by participants in pervious months post .
for that whole month if you eat there post a review .
tell us about your group thoughts on menu anything relevant you think people should know .
if mods are down they may e could sticky it ?
and post on sidebar for people looking for dining ideas ?
idk i think it would be a fairly easy thing for us to community build '' and solve some where to eat '' posts .
every time i play arena i seem to get no options for synergy .
we 'll offer you 1 other dragon card out of the possible 87 remaining cards .
meanwhile i come up against people who seem to have far better decks .
it 's just frustrating trying to put together a decent deck when you 're offered a lot of nothing .
i 'm a seasoned jailbreaker 4 years and i 'm able to solve about 95 of my issues but this is one i 'm not sure how to solve except go through every dependency which is a big pain .
what 's happening like the title suggests is kinda like a boot loop but not quite and it only happens when my phone restarts i.e after the 7 days it up .
i have loading progress bar tweak so i can see if my phone is actually booting up or if it 's in a boot loop etc .
i click go and the bar stays at the start and does n't move at all .
the 2 ways to fix it as many restarts power home and trying again clicking go or by going into nosubstrate mode .
if you need a list of tweaks or think you have an idea that 'd be great .
once it actually boots up can be maybe 5 6 or more restarts it works fine i can respring perfectly and all up until it complete restarts effectively losing the jailbreak .
i 'm a lisk stacker since march and i am a voter too .
at the begining i was wondering that the rewards i earn from top 101 was fair but after 6 months of rewarding i can clearly tell you that even with 1500 lisks the passive income is not crazy .
i wonder why no more delegates have the same mind about sharing their profit ?
i dont ask 100 as robinhood for all delegates but 50 could be a good amount for start ?
just want to make some advertising for robinhood liberspirita liskpro which have refund 1 lisk to every voters who voted for them before 1 oct because if everyone do like them lisk dpos will be one of the best passive income of crypto world and logically one of the most buyed coin !
their link if you want to know more about them
to me they deserve a better place in the top 101
i do n't usually post here about new soaps i try .
there are so very many of them these days they all perform very well for me and it 's rare for me to find a scent i do n't like .
but today i 'm posting about l l darkfall .
upon opening i smelled the distinct scent of burning leaves .
scent was fairly strong considering it has n't seen water yet .
when loading the brush the scent really opened up .
but a solid base of spicy incense resins was evident as well as something cinnamon-like .
the soap seems to get gummy like a sticky paste .
only one other soap i have does this phoenix beau star noir which i really like .
i wonder what causes some soaps to do this .
lathering in a bowl it builds up a thinner lather than i 'm used to .
not intense enough to be off-putting but strong enough to be noticeable .
now i 'll be searching for more incense-like soaps .
note i have a frankincense and myrrh soap that really does n't do it for me .
i think too much got lost in that translation .
invite friends seems to not be working at least on xbox one
does anyone know about advancement and training in the us navy ?
i 'm planning on joining but do n't want to quit taekwondo .
i 'm very competitive and worked so hard to get where i am .
using a slingshot which has been suggested before you could shoot acorns doing small damage to mobs but also could activate buttons .
acorns could also be a food source when they are roasted smelted .
we could potentially add squirrels which spawn in forests and can climb like spiders but are small harmless and have a small food source available when you kill one .
maybe even allow oak trees to grow where you 've planted acorns in farmland .
so i pre-orderd battlefront 2 on the ps4 for my birthday last night and i woke up to having no access to the beta ?
i think if i am correct then it is probably camping public events on nessus for the chance from the faction engrams from failsafe and then handing in gunsmith materials and legendary engrams i get in the process for a chance from them too .
is there any of those that do n't have a chance at giving seven-six-five and also are there any other ways to get it that i am missing ?
has anybody dealt with applying for a z visa from the uk ?
i have had my documents degree tefl and police check notarised and sent to the foreign office .
the notary has written a cover page and stamped the front to certify they are genuine .
the stamp has imprinted each page and document they are all tied together with a ribbon but only the front cover page is signed and dated .
the foreign office would like to know if it is just the cover page being legalised or if all three documents need to be legalised separately .
i am dealing with the chinese consulate in manchester for the final step in the legalisation process .
does anybody know if it would be acceptable to give them just the first page notarised and legalised by the foreign office or if they will only accept all three done separately ?
how do i get past the terms and agreements not the xbox one beta
i 'm looking for a basic entry level pc i can build/buy for around 500 .
4k is n't that important to me right now as i 'll have to spend a ton of money on a monitor that can handle it anyway .
i am upgrading from a laptop with 4gb ram integrated graphics the works .
i have little read no experience with picking parts out building it ca n't be too hard right ?
so i do n't know what 's good or the best value or what .
im currently doing a digital media course at university and for my final piece i 'm looking to create an interactive photography exhibition .
the idea is that when a subject walks around the room and approaches different images on the wall a webcam tracks them from above which in turn controls a synth or manipulates a sound based on their location .
is this something i can achieve in max for live and could anyone point me in the right direction for my research ?
i 'm completely new to max so i 'm not sure how difficult this would be to achieve .
25yo french master looking for a cute boytoy to control on kik/snap .
i have just bought an apple watch series 0 brand new activated for the first time by me with watchos3.0 pre-installed for my girlfriend .
she has an iphone 5 so ios 10.3.3 not ios11 capable
it seems that ios10.3.3 does n't show up the watchos3.2.3 update
watch os 3.0 your software is up to date '' .
also tested restoring the iphone and the apple watch and configuring as new device '' .
it seems something like apple closed the firmware signing window for watchos3.2 so only upgrade to watchos 4.0 is available but ... you have to use it with an iphone 5s and my girlfriend has an iphone 5 that is not ios11 capable .
watchos 3.0 is buggy miss some features and it does n't allow to add a new applepay credit card .
are there any great military discounts around raleigh the triangle at local or really any places ?
imagine how long they lose him for most days without telling you ... ..kid needs to be inducted into the seals .
i suggest just moving on and starting from scratch .
honestly it 's probably some jack ass 11 year old and kids steal so its to be expected somewhat .
or ... it 's an adult stealing digital cosmetic items which is just sad .
count yourself lucky to be normal enough to say wtf to scammers and start over .
yea def wont get that with a liter bike .
i use it mostly for commuting and it does a fantastic job of that .
wouldnt recommend it if your expecting something quick though .
in today 's market it is still the aaa mp games that reign supreme though .
i understand that people want sp games but reality is that the business is moving away from that not only for ms but for just about the entire industry .
aa games for sp experiences seems like an effort from ms to find a balance .
however shannon loftis talked recently about sp games that sort of just does n't end so it will be interesting to see where she takes that .
how do you know its not a cvt transmission which dodge uses commonly .
you would have just destroyed your own transmission trying to add 4 .
edit not trying to stand up for the shop but just pointing out that bad advice is so wide spread .
dodge also use a different fluid for their zf8 and 9 transmissions .
not really only the door leading upstairs with the tree carving .
my husband is pretty down right now so giving him any hope will be good .
these tests were just ordered by my ob as routine as she was confident they were all going to come out perfectly fine .
she only referred me to an re because of my complicated mcad more as a formality than anything because we did n't have out-of-the-norm trouble conceiving 1 .
so these results are an unpleasant jolt even though we knew something was n't right .
i 'm so hopeful for you and your husband this month !
akili smith stated that he was told taylor is starting
spinoffs can be played whenever however i recommend waiting until you beat rb 2 until you start .
okay when the cowboys win the division and the cardinals make the playoffs over you i 'll be waiting for my apology .
i how you say the nfcs is bad after record scouting .
the worst is 2-2. that 's better than 3 teams in yours lol
i 've already done that has n't done anything .
would you be so kind as to flip her over for us ?
source have been penspinning for years and no one ever doubletakes
'matlab a practical introduction to programming and problem solving ' by stormy attaway
'essential matlab for engineers and scientists ' by brian hahn and dan valentine
also check the links in the sidebar to get started places to learn matlab .
ive been using ledger s but where do you guys keep your alts any recommendation for my bcn ?
yeah i could but then again i really do n't have anything to work with it and i 'm 15 sooooo it would look a tad weird
going the hot dog route gives you too much sodium less protein no vitamins and minerals and does n't fill you up .
as a person who has eaten both hot dogs and soylent i can say that soylent leaves me full longer .
and if you get desperate and decide to eat a second hot dog then the whole argument falls apart and op ends up curled up in a corner crying and wishing he just drank the soylent instead .
id love to pull these down and suck on those big titties
right dry clean only usually means you can wash in cold water minimal agitation rinse cool lay flat .
for wool fill the bathroom sink with cool water and add a drip of wool wash not never no woolite .
lay your item on top of the water and walk away .
after ten minutes go back and squish water through it gently by squeezing .
roll it in a towel and step on it to squeeze out water .
lay flat reshape give it a day or so to dry .
the trick is no heat and especially no agitation .
that will full or felt the wool and you 're hosed if that happens .
and if it had a beginning what cause it to be created ?
if the universe is finite then it must exist in a space and that begs the question who created that space and is that space infinite ? ''
i think there has to be an infinite amount of time maybe not space .
our universe will eventually run out of finite matter but maybe not time .
and that 's just assuming there is only one universe .
there could be a multiverse where there is always time passing in one of the universes .
what i meant by infinite is infinite time not space or matter .
given infinite time anything that is physically possible to happen may very well happen just like the formation of intelligent life .
but idk man i 'm just high as shit lol .
edit i just realized i said infinitely expanding universe lol i meant infinite amount of time .
that poor baseball just got the business end of the sanchino
if it were me and i had a choice between keeping my rifles or surrendering and never being able to purchase them again it would probably take tens of thousands to convince me to let them go .
not sure what makes a person who created a talent that is highly sought after a loser .
i think he needs to find a confidence about his ability .
or if it 's really taking a toll then apply your skills to other forms of graphic design .
it sounds like you need to find a way to be proud of your talent
im not sure what 10mgs of morphine woukd be in hydros but 10mgs of morphine is for sure stronger than 10mgs of hydros
i 'd just like to add in response to people saying you just need to work harder that 's not necessarily the case .
you could have a different maximum heart rate than what otf has calculated for you .
you could be affected by a medication you 're on .
i 'm actually going to do a vo2 max test this week bc i think my mhr is different than what otf 's formula calculates it to be .
he and nintendo plan everything down to the tinniest details .
who needs cops when your country is better protected by bloodthirsty canadian deer ... .
or u can preorder on psn store for early access
right now they 're only wanting and have so far had raid tiers last 6 months .
tomb has been out for almost 4 months so in 2 more months we should be getting antorus opened so december/january if they want to delay for holidays .
so another 6 months would be something around june and since antorus i think has been announced as the last big raid it will most likely be an expansion if it 's ready otherwise we 're in for another content drought that they really do n't want to happen again .
but you see the temple was closed that day so its protective powers were offline .
i hate doctors who do n't listen to you/act like they do n't have time for you .
acne is not one size fits all '' you have to actually talk to and properly examine someone to figure out their best course of treatment !
that being said she may have been correct about the cyst .
sebasceous cysts do have a sac or lining around them which does need to be fully removed or the cyst will reoccur .
the surgery '' to remove it involves injecting novocaine and cutting the cyst out .
so first of all guys i just wanted to let you know that i 'm glad to be here .
i mean i 'm not glad to be here right nobody 's glad about what happened but you know what i mean .
right so i 'm happy to tell you everything .
so i 'm working the counter it 's a typical tuesday and shellie comes through the door .
and you know officers i 'm not ashamed to admit it brightened my day whenever shellie game by the store .
so that 's all fine nothing unusual but then right after shellie in comes rick .
and now fellas i do n't know where you 're at with your investigation here but you got ta know you must 've heard this by now rick the guy well he had a bit of ... notoriety you know ?
i do n't want to speak ill of the dead you know but i 've heard rumors .
what gets my attention what gets me worried is when i think i see some kind of ... altercation at the back of the store and then shellie runs outta the front door and rick follows right behind her .
i do n't know what to do but i got ta do something .
and maybe you guys are thinking hey tommy why did n't you call the cops you know call us ?
and i wish i had an answer for you .
i guess i just felt like i had to do something right then you know ?
so anyway i follow them out of the store abandon my post right but i keep my distance .
i chased them to the treeline across the highway yeah that 's right right across there and then once you get through the trees there 's this field wide open field kind of a ... what 's that word ... like parallelogram shaped you know ?
and i see shellie out in the field and she 's running down you know the long diagonal like this right and rick is following her it looks like he 's catching up .
and me i 'm not proud to admit it but i had to hang back .
if rick happened to look back while i 'm crossing the field whoo i do n't know what he would 've done .
so eventually shellie reaches the treeline on the opposite end of the field yeah through there that 's right and then i set out after them i try my best to catch up .
i 'm feeling pretty stupid at this point i got ta admit .
how am i gon na find them in there ?
they 've got a five minute head start on me at least .
turns out not to be much of a problem officers because well i can hear them as soon as i get close .
and i really ai n't ashamed to tell you i hesitated to get any closer when i heard that .
so i steel myself i man up and i go in there .
there 's the two of them on the ground and standing over them the big guy huge guy all in black black boots gloves ski mask the works and he 's got a hatchet and he 's just ... well by the time i got there there was nothing coulda been done you follow ?
i was too late to stop it they were both gone and honestly if i had stepped in well you 'd be trying to solve a triple homicide .
so then the guy in black he 's finished so he drops that hatchet and he leaves he walks right by me but does n't see me in the shadows thank god and i creep up on the pair of them rick and and shellie .
and i you know i check whether they 're alive .
i got ta admit i was pretty emotional fellas i picked up shellie and i shook her .
right yeah that 's where i got all that blood on me .
and then of course naturally i picked up that hatchet because i did n't want that big bastard out there ‘scuse my french getting the drop on me .
so that 's why you 'll find my fingerprints on that hatchet i expect .
stayed in the trees took the long way around the field so it took longer fifteen thirty minutes to get back and then i called you fine gentlemen .
yes i believe we do sell that kind of hatchet at the shop .
and i did n't even know where it was until this thread .
i always assumed that it was the more formal name for the belltown area .
from what i 've read it mostly involves money .
catalonia is a more wealthy area and they essentially feel like the too much of their taxes do n't make it back into their area schools etc and gets distributed to the poorer areas of spain .
maybe this video is the out-card if ricegum responds with something back instead of apologizing ian really destroys him ?
eh kinda bots are kind of random though humans can be predictable ar times it 's still good training in both situations .
how many mass killings has japan https 2.bp.blogspot.com/-2v8u5s2snx8/v17lzhegcwi/aaaaaaaaelm/bh8sppdu_sqcuz8-tn8nxkqjhglh-ldagclcb/s1600/ckwrallwkaa6h6t.jpg had in the last 10 years ?
well i was stuck in 19x for a while now the last 2 weeks .
i am at 198 now at 195 i somehow leveled twice in a day of few hrs of playing due to absolute taste event and doing maple leaf high x5 zakum and ht .
i usually grinf every 2 days a level utilizing coupons .
i am so busy i usually forgot about monsterpark .
dailies that i do is cpq to get mlh key gollux and just events and sometimes i grind with coupons or kish .
at 185-190 my range hit 200k and it became easier to train at fes2 .
p/s i 'm a pilot student goes to gym 5x a week and teach piano some nights .
just emphasizing how busy i am and how achievable it is still to get past 180-200
yes agreed he 's a bit behind the bit and hands are low that 's not the goal no getting him to reach out in his throat latch actually has been quite a lot of work and we are working on it .
i did n't upload the picture because i thought it was the ideal i just thought it was progress .
but it depends entirely what that debt was accumulated for .
if it was due to investment in growth capital etc then sure .
if it was invested in billion dollar jets to replace other billion dollar jets that already did their required jobs just fine ... then no .
you need to communicate and ask her why she would say something like that if it 's clearly false
my bank wo n't accept rolled change because it could have lesser value coins inbetween the more valuable ones .
they do n't take unrolled change because they do n't have a counter and wo n't pay their employees to spend possibly hours counting it .
it 's basically a shitty way of them telling you that they wo n't take change which i 'm not even sure is legal considering it 's still considered legal tender .
i think you 'd be better off asking them .
i feel like some people not me actually enjoy coming here every day to respond to the same questions and as soon as any useful debate turns up it gets personal and ugly ... not the worlds friendliest sub..
the link on airswap 's website links to smartcontract.jp .
do n't need it much in florida but i 've got it .
apart from that three i do n't feel like i 've seen much .
anyone else see sanchez take the foul tip straight in the balls ?
i mean the plot was pretty straightforward i think most people understood the movie .
i thought it could 've been executed better which is why i personally did n't really like it
if you did that some would compete to get the lowest level they can .
let 's just wait a bit and see if it hits or not .
does getting hit in the balls really hurt that bad ?
all the guys i know say it does but like what does it compare too ?
rip inbox with a bunch of guys talking about getting hit in the balls
that was the most casual baron steal i 've ever seen lol congrats nice one .
i literally missed this and only heard it thorugh boxmining that i need to transfer my qtum to the exchange .
am i meant to do it today or was today the last day ?
thinking about picking some of these up on payday .
it used to be more blood in this kind of sport .
it 's a big reason as to why i do n't touch not even hug or air kiss any of my relatives now and it 's also why i 'm such a big advocate for letting children have their personal space .
it 's very awkward when i 'm saying hello or goodbye to anyone because they always ask why i 'm stood either at the top of the stairs or at the other side of a room .
first is that we have longer prison sentences for people who commit crime .
if violent criminals are in jail longer there is less of a chance that they are able to commit gun crime .
it sounds like you 're essentially describing that and it is thought to have largely contributed to the distrust of the police from minorities .
also it did n't actually reduce the overall crime rates .
i agree with most of the rest of your comment though .
particularly about mental health and valuing human life especially with church attendance decline .
how long are they given that only about 2k people play on average looking at the steam charts .
ironically your technically making the queue times longer by asking this instead of just trying
is there any reason we ca n't invent a solar panel '' type technology for different wavelengths ?
what are the current wavelengths that we can capture with them ?
also i know they are n't as efficient but we do have thermoelectric generators for converting infrared directly into electricity .
i 'm going to start reporting posts like this .
stop soapboxing and stirring up shit because you dislike their business model .
we 've been over this during the price hike voices have been heard it 's not going to change https forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php ? threads/pricing-change-rollback-information-thread-updated-11-09-17.1031635 .
the thing is its pretty much a given that kaido should top every currently known character on a pure power base .
he has a very versatile fruit that should allow him to have kaido sink into the ground or blast him far away knock his ships off course and stuff like that .
whitebeard when he was n't sick was probably faster than kaido too .
but with kaido being supposedly immortal the thing would never end in a definitive win for either .
asshole op did n't take teammate 's forma so he 'd get one trace
1 loot random ships cause they give more loot to find ap weapons or grind or stealth the mission or if you want to just retire the character cause their wife does not really need to get out of debt .
2 liberating a station with the 100 acid reward 2 acid for every starting character '' who 's ever name is on the station gets the 100 but if you are talking about defector missions those go for nobody .
4 if you hit a stump and have lots of money you can get some pretty great loot .
5 they have much much much better loot that the mission ships .
edit for more tips on armoured and shielded guards use windows and stuff to your advantage space kills everything and everyone so use it .
also grenade launchers kill armoured guards but not shielded ones .
next time put shitpost in title so i know to skip it .
damaged hot oil treatment is definitely a good one .
the avocado oil is super nourishing and the vanilla will help soften the hair .
keep it up with the daddy-o shampoo to prevent brassy tones .
veganese does have lemon which is good for light hair and shine and it is actually one of the lighter conditioners .
retread and american cream will be on the slightly heavier side but they also have lanolin which helps with tangling if that becomes an issue .
kissing a game and hugging it is ok to you ?
this kid should learn what is actually precious and what is not .
but when these same kids they get rid of become successful once they aged out they want to be buddies with you .
they do n't even care what they send us back to .
i read something a long time ago which pointed out that it 's often not the wrong person so much as it 's the wrong time .
he was n't ready to marry 7 or 8 years ago but now he 's matured and is to a point in his life where he is .
maybe it would 've been you marrying him now had you been willing to wait around another decade maybe not .
but you were ready sooner and were lucky enough to find someone else who was too .
es hatten aber bestimmt auch viele katalanen die für die unabhängigkeit sind keine lust von der guardia civil vermöbelt zu werden .
ich bin überrascht dass die beteiligung angesichts der umstände überhaupt so hoch ist und würde das als starkes signal für eine unabhängigkeit werten .
it 's no longer allowed to chance gear ratios .
but in small cases they do make people suicidal would be an interesting thing to look into .
but would n't make much of a deal out of it so far as cause .
to add to this i would really like to see more rpgs set in modern times .
i 'm a bit overwhelmed by fantasy/post apocalyptic settings and would really like to see a sprawling rpg set in a more modern era .
i just played through persona 5 and was so engaged by all the little details and recreations of actual japanese locations .
the environments were rich and there were conversations to listen to around every corner .
theres a guy up here whos up for that mayowa_olu reply to his comment
heard them the first time i took e. big change from classic rock .
the funny thing is he is probably the most sensible person in the administration at the moment .
hebben we het hier over een van de prachtige wit-blauwe sprinters die ik dagelijks gebruik ?
ik kom vanuit limburg al met dit ding kan me niet voorstellen dat ze in noord-holland nog niet rijden !
not got herrera but when i 've played against teams with him in he always seems to be there motm and is a complete nuisance to try and tackle and get past
100 innocent ... .blood by the ignition put there with a swab ... ..
did she think he was a boy and only found out when they grew up ?
'cause you also read it as him transitioning to being female .
the dude gambled away tens of thousands of dollars and rented a big suite in a casino .
he was clearly suicidal and wanted to 'go out with a bang . '
he brought all of his toys along with him .
'breaking bad ' is a great show but irl it probably would 've played out similar to this .
im gn1 but i should be global i just get shit teammates ''
you hear them say come on dom '' and the caption specifically says that don survived .
you judge them based on how they perform against competition their size and do your best to extrapolate their styles and temperaments for comparisons .
mike would certainly roll over floyd in the real world but the conversation on who the better boxer is comes down to comparing their performances against their best competition .
so you are personally going to overturn the policies of the liberal national and pauline hanson 's one nation are you ?
extend the olive branch and your response is sarcasm a downvote and a few quick jabs ?
but no i 'm not expecting anyone to turn the politicians around .
but if you approach the debate a with a slightly less combative attitude you might find people willing to engage .
would n't it be fair to say that leading off a discussion with you 're an old decrepit wanker who knows nothing and i 'm going to tell you why '' might lead people to being a little defensive ?
i actually said the opposite that i was educated by people with a better understanding of these issues that my own old beliefs
the content of your argument is n't wrong but your response to me alone is enough to tell me that in your 65 years you might be able to improve the way you deliver a message to people
the confederacy formed for obviously unjust reasons the continuation of chattel slavery catalonia is arguably succeeding for more ambiguous reasons .
i 'd argue the continuation of wage slavery and the capitalist system which is reality .
but at least as directly horrendous as chattel slavery .
hold on i think i have a can of beans downstairs
the switch pro controller would like to have a word with you .
mary my moms name was mary lol she actually got in trouble as a kid for breaking her rocks into small enough pieces that she could fit in the box her mom was allowing her to take when they moved .
also ended up with a chip of flint in her knuckle that was never removed .
i 've had this happoen and thought i skipped through time or something .
i was only in the fourth grade when it happened so i was n't allowed to watch tv that day so i never saw the really graphic camera footage .
and this year some body posted something about 9/11 so i just started watching videos and looking at reddit posts i learned two things that i could n't shake for a week
1 those 911 recordings were some of the most morbid reality quality stuff i have ever heard/seen literally gave me nightmares .
in the main documentary where the two french brothers are following the fdny around there 's one part where they 're in the lobby and every 10 seconds you hear a thud turns out its bodies hitting the roof of the lobby .
i still get goosebumps thinking about having to jump like they had to .
hey i 'm trying to play the remake of rance ii but when i bring it up i get an error that says error drawmovie.dll the rest is in japanese .
has anyone gotten the same error cause i ca n't figure it out and do n't see a similar problem with an answer even if the question has been asked .
i was n't really alluding to that at all .
it was more an exploration of when should people be required to see violent footage .
once you say that people should watch it to understand it the natural extension is that people should be made to watch it in other places .
i chose cars because it 's not as sensitive a topic but yes requiring it for gun ownership would be a place worth considering
i 'm not really making any judgement as i have no opinion either way .
on one hand i do n't think people should be made to watch such footage as it would cause a lot of discomfort and may even normalize it .
on the other hand it might help people understand better .
i consider myself a realist '' which some might consider an euphemism for a pessimist .
it causes a lot of unhappiness when you do n't look at things through rose-tinted glasses .
do we really want to take those glasses away from the people who still have them ?
her facebook used to be karla cabello estrabao '' and she would n't post an official photoshoot picture that everyone knows as a profile picture if it was her .
or just open the store app and check the 3rd party apps how many comments say they crash without any errors and look at the last update date .
this platform is dead and nowhere near to be a true successor to win32 .
and hey actually i 'm still a microsoft fan despite satya so i 'm not trolling .
why do you think i 'm not complaining about surface xbox one x and especially surface studio ?
after the events of doomsday bruce and diana search the world only to find three extraordinary meta-humans .
as new enemies arise batman wonder woman the flash cyborg and aquaman must form the well known alliance justice league to save the world from mount destruction .
more info at imdb http www.imdb.com/title ? justice+league 282017 29 wikipedia https en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? title=justice 20league 20 28film 29 rotten tomatoes https www.rottentomatoes.com/m/the_justice_league_part_one metacritic http www.metacritic.com/movie/justice-league wikidata https www.wikidata.org/wiki/q20501835 .
send me feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmovieguide subject=re 3a 20http 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2f7475c2 confidence 1.00 '' .
wie zum fick sollte op sich sonst drei kühlschränke in der wohnung leisten können ?
now the ax missiles are actually useless and no frontier this is not adaptation . ''
so if thargoids would have their build changed would that change things ?
you would be still angry for not being able to kill them anymore .
i really want to see another pair of nutjobs regretting their poor decision .
maybe the highway to france will be finished soon and all the trucks will come through there and all the big companies in catalonia will move to the rest of spain .
i think you 're confusing carrying capacity with output but i was just saying why everyone working less was somehow outdated compared to the idea of fewer people working which is n't more accurate or more desirable .
people looking to invest their savings would normally put their money in a savings account and get something like a 3 return .
since 2008 or indeed whenever any crisis happens the interest rates are lowered to promote people to spend money or invest it in stocks/housing instead of sitting in a bank account .
the problem is that interest rates are extremely low and have been for ages whilst the housing market has been guaranteeing returns of up to 7 in london .
by buying property you 're guaranteed to earn more than having the cash sit in a bank .
secondly anyone wishing to borrow money to invest in property will have to pay back more on their loan when interest rates go up which will dissuade new buyers .
this is why the upper level of the housing market in london are going absolutely crazy and it 's why a lot of foreign investment is happening .
as soon as banks raise the interest rates people will move their savings back into savings accounts because they are much less risky than property .
when people start to move money from property it means more property on the market and consequently lower house prices .
since much of the uk market is overvalued a drop in prices will mean a crash in the housing market .
one of the criticisms of uk law in london is the lax laws for foreign investment in property something that equally global cities such as singapore or hong kong have put a stop to .
you 're a collector who appreciates the differences in the various models and manufacturers .
another seppo trying to sound like an intellectual by giving an aura of relevance to something completely pedestrian .
i 'm not even going to lie i only post on r/askreddit for easy karma
he will use his armed dragons to destroy your labyrinth .
even after you dimension gate he can stamping destruction .
and then lightning vortex if you trigger gate too early .
i do n't have dark paladins either only bewd gets me a consistent win right now .
wishing bad upon someone comes back it 's a right i have as a parent .
i 'm being dead ass i keep my kid safe .
u want ur kids and whatever crawling in filth that 's on u
i juat moved some in to check and it 's working nicely !
keep that between us though others might catch on .
she started as hot filler but she 's gotten better .
yeah i do n't really even get how someone thought that would be funny .
the question is not being free to shoot someone the question is are you free to defend yourself using deadly force if it were to come to that ?
is it more moral to be raped or murdered than it is to kill someone to prevent those things from happening ?
suppose a man breaks into your home in the middle of the night .
do you want to have to get close enough to him in order to threaten him with a knife ?
do you think that by cowering in fear and giving him what he wants he will simply not harm you ?
you do n't need to shoot somebody necessarily if i have a 12 gauge pump action shotgun nine times out of 10 the sound of me racking the slide will be more than enough to make someone think twice .
if none of the populace are sufficiently armed those who will break laws will be better armed as will our government and police and that is not acceptable .
there 's a grain of truth in that as black women are frequently made into tropes/objects in real life but their white friends '' do n't actually want to hang out with them .
institutionalized racism rather than overt intentional personal racism is a weird thing and mostly unconscious .
i would also swap theis and baynes based on match ups i think theis could do really well with our starting unit .
think the unit would play faster and have a bit more space .
check the battery stats to see if something is running in the background constantly .
clearing the cache should rectify any issues you are having .
here are the few simple steps to boot into recovery mode on samsung galaxy s8 or s8 .
turn off the phone completely.now press and hold bixby volume up and power keys simultaneously.release all the buttons when screen flickers and samsung 's logo appears to enter into recovery mode.in the recovery mode use volume up anddown keys to for navigation purpose .
use power button for selection purpose.that 's all you 've got to do .
that is the most easiest and common way to get into the recovery mode .
alternatively on rooted phones the same task becomes easier .
but as i said that 's convoluted and almost beside the point .
it 's true that a repair would be ideal but i had assumed that would cost more than 15 .
certainly that 's the best option for a myu anyway !
please do n't reply to me i 'm out of counters and you 're making me look dumb ''
small titties only appear huge when you 're only inches away from them .
it completely threw my goodreads challenge off it took me like 10 weeks to read i mostly read on weekends .
i followed it with a couple of ya books to balance everything out .
i enjoyed the book though so it was worth it .
i had a lot of free time at that time .
was probably reading 4 hours a day on average .
the dark tower series especially my favorite wizard and glass book 4 and the song of ice and fire books took me a while to get through as well .
definitely give the dark tower series a try if you have n't .
if you enjoy audiobooks too then you 're in for a treat as my favorite narrator worked on the dark tower .
i just finished another king book 11/22/63 and it 's one of my favorites .
it 's a scifi-ish story with a lot of heart .
the ending was probably one of my favorite endings .
sorry to gush but you should read it if you enjoy king 's work .
one of the things that strikes me is how much effort goes into tuning the skins .
like how they get rid of a cool concept on soraka 's hair because it 's too distracting .
it is n't in the final product but it cost development and testing time to analyze .
it brings confidence that the higher price of skins is coming not only with visibly better graphics but also optimal decisions .
ie you 're getting not only pretty graphics but also one of the best possible options/combinations of the theme possible .
probably forcing his ghost writer to work overtime to write a diss track asap
we are allowed to critique anything we want especially with the product that was sold to us and the money we spent on it .
it 's bad if you do n't cut your grass or park five cars on the street .
another funny thing is that if you take a week off the slope is just as aggressive and unpredictable ...
ronnie said tts and i 've seen others say the same .
also what do you think of them on feet ?
my purples have n't shipped yet and i 'm really excited to get them in .
no one in la is from here well some people are .
when i run into someone who was born and raised here i feel like i 'm meeting a unicorn .
yeah if you follow i think brooklynspoke he 's usually tweeting photos of people who are riding nattily dressed .
who has time to do all that stuff related to changing ?
i get it when it 's really hot but the rest of the time no .
this is the nyt that wrote about bubble tea being a new thing got it wrong on rotten tomatoes
here 's a sneak peek of r/me_ira using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/me_ira/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
i was so hyped when he came but i feel like i never really watched him play lol
finally a defensive lineman or is this a bait and switch ?
im on core 2 quad ... its dead i need to upgrade asap
i had multiple people lose their shit while eating it .
you can write stuff down inside this and add the link here
the house we bought appreciated in value during the time we were together so i 'll be paying him out his portion of the equity as well as his portion of my savings which is legally considered communal property . ''
i have no complaints about this these laws exist for a reason .
it just sucks to see all my planning gone while i consider to work a soul sucking job for however long until i can rebuild on a single income .
yeah if you 're looking for consistency in your 2/flex positions you fucked up .
gordon has had a slower start but what running backs not named hunt and freeman has n't ?
gore is a consistent 10 points a week but not much more than that .
to all of you guys ready to throw in the towel i 'm sure some of you guys are being sarcastic and i know it sucks but its the first inning .
we have no idea how our offense looks yet .
they 're hitting against our ace so maybe we can hit against theirs .
oh yah i found them ... would love to see another though !
4 sneak hundreds of pounds of gear into a hotel without suspicion
5 hide the fact that he knew his life was in its last days
7 figure out the best way to knock out very secure windows .
hope this does well in theaters though supposedly expectation are low so it would n't have to do much to be considered a success .
if it gives you the windows boot manager when you select to load from the ssd then thats fine .
windows prob installed the boot manager on both drives .
theivy is one of my favorite tracks ever still .
as in its pleasurable but it 's not real pleasure .
it 's almost like a chore like making my bed .
sure it feels good but the intense emotions kind of negate that so it 's just this absolute neutral followed by crushing sadness .
that 's gon na hurt for the night esp with 3 in already .
so the scanlator is definitely definitely a shawn michaels fan .
i 'm getting such a kick out of that right now .
we have a patient that regularly takes an uncommon c2 .
her doctor 's office both refuses to send it even 1 day early and also refuses to give her a hard copy rather than send it electronically .
wait so you mean to tell me that you have the balls to believe a u.s. air force col. rather than this informed upstanding genius named centipedeinajar on the internet ?
no i love it too but that exact point seems to be the hurdle when showing it to someone new whether or not they get it '' .
only if you were aiming in the right general area .
preferential party list is better because it minimizes wasted votes .
they 're still around but i 've not found any like the ones i grew up with .
playing street fighter v over the internet just does not match the frenetic energy of being in a loud arcade and surrounded by a group of people cheering you on .
the line has been crossed for over 50 years . ''
why the hell would only the tough guys need them ?
he 's been afflicted by mind maggots which there is no cure for .
first aid and restoration kill him bless does n't work and neither does any other buff such as fortify or armor of frost .
ca n't try cryogenic stasis since the book is n't available .
when i did my analysis a few months ago i concluded that keepkey has the best security .
hey i bought two succulents last year and i finally decided to get off my ass and identify them only i ca n't quite fiqure it out .
plant a the tall bright green one propagates terribly easy grows very tall and very fast i have to trim it monthly to keep it to a somewhat reasonable size .
anyone in vancouver bc that wants cuttings of plant a i am up to my elbows please send help .
plant b the large-leafed monster i 'm pretty sure is an echeveria my best guess is chocolate ruffle ?
but i also found some photos of a few aeonium species that also look similar .
one of the many advantages of living alone is the freedom to wander around naked farting at will plonking oneself on the throne when necessary without a care in the world and never closing the door on evacuations or ablutions .
they were legally obtained by someone before he got it .
fainting goats have an issue with their flight or fight response .
your msuckes tense when you decide to run or fight but theirs overtense and would n't release .
for anyone who 's not played it before super stardust is pretty damn awesome and the extra vr-exclusive mode is good fun too !
worth a punt for anyone on the fence who has tried all the others
good old friends of the farmers '' tory is n't aware that there 's a fuckload of fruit farms in scotland .
just shows you conniving billionaires have no ideology but making themselves richer .
we might see him in likud in six months .
ring dem jag shippade mitt paket för 5 dagar sedan och den e i sverige i utö men den vill inte röra på sig ...
size of external genitalia correlates most strongly with in-utero androgen exposure which is best detected by psychological traits such as mathematical ability and autism-spectrum disorders .
so next time she asks tell her to hit up the local maths contest or hackerthon where she can call them either by name '' or by value '' computer programming joke .
it looks like the upper arm was the wrong size which caused excessive camber wearing the tires like it did .
i always forget about the second law of thermodynamics too .
no transferring heat from low temp to high temp .
we 're sorry but the title of your post is in violation of our rules .
you had w key/knife offers '' in your title .
you must set a realistic price or an item for which you would instantly trade for every item you buy sell or trade here .
for items that wo n't be traded one-to-one you must set a specific number i.e .
if you are selling a number of items you may set a bulk buyout for all of them .
if you have set a buyout and your post is still being removed please resubmit with a different title .
new items added to the game wo n't require such a price therefore you can ask for offers in this case but only until one week after the first set of those items become tradable cst/cdt will be the time zone used to determine when this window ends .
if you were trying to do this and you feel this removal was an error please contact us at the link given below after this message .
please also take this time to examine our rules http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules for future reference .
if you intend to contact us about this action or any other ones please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety making sure to read through any relevant links and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means before contacting us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
how did your house do ? president trump was heard asking homeowners whose home was hard hit .
you 're here trump told the man after hearing about the destruction hurricane maria did to his home .
your governor and your mayor have done a real fantastic job trump told the man .
if he would have slapped him right there i would not have blamed him .
can someone make a mod that lets the ll pick all choices and not be locked out of god picks or alternative chains ?
ye there was a game where pique caught up to ronaldo .
potions are magic items and not use an object interaction .
thief can not raw or rai use them as a bonus action .
maybe i should learn to be a little more patient .
i 'll try the ! important thing in the meantime .
i see so many posts here along the lines of 'i have never owned a cat before but i found this week-old kitten in the bushes ! '
and it breaks my heart to think that a kitten would die because some well-meaning person did n't know how much care they need when they 're that small .
buried in ireland buried in turkey whatever you all forget that santa can cover the whole world in one night .
he 's magic so it does n't matter here he rests up for the rest of the year .
if you die you spawn in heli and skydive down again
just added your friend code let me know when you 're ready
no these days it seems to be about having our '' way and defining our '' to belong to only the people that agree with your opinion .
do n't get me wrong i do n't feel that the sex is bad .
and when i try a new position or something she always complains on why i had to do that '' now i lost the mood '' iwas n't expecting that '' what are you doing '' stop that '' etc etc .
when you split up and find a woman who actually desires you and wants to have sex with you you 'll see what i mean .
it seems to me that elite dangerous is better if you do n't think of it as a game .
people complaining about balance this and end game that do n't make sense to me ...
i 've never viewed this as a game '' and i could n't care less about those mechanics .
i understand that some people do and so far none of the requested gaming '' features interfere with what i want to do ...
it 's just a shame that trying to appease all the gamers mean that development is stuck in a spiral of half arsed mechanics .
i 'd much prefer an unbalanced game with no end game content with more effort being spent on the simulation ...
walking around your ship stations eva atmospheric landings more station types broken down ghetto stations more diversity between factions ... etc etc etc .
at the moment no one is getting what they want
another method unleashx 's file manager has an ftp browser/client mode to transfer files from one xbox and another xbox 's ftp server actually any ftp server with upload privileges if the xbox is connected to the internet with a router .
from unleashx 's file explorer press the white button to display the select pop-up menu .
scroll up once to see the menu entry switch to ftp browser '' and press a .
the first attempt to ftp wo n't go anywhere as no site has been configured .
the left pane will show the local directories and the remote site right-pane will be empty .
setup ftp server credentials press the white button for the site menu pop-up .
with the d-pad select new site ... '' to enter the remote ftp server 's information site name ip address user name and password etc .
before exiting back button scroll down to save the new site .
multiple sites can be configured and you 'll be asked which one to login to from here on when selecting unleashx file explorer 's ftp browser mode .
introvert i can speak to people on the internet to some extent meeting people terrifies me .
kvothe is a bit of a mary sue and the style is very much in the joss whedon vein but the book is pretty solid nonetheless .
if you 're too late to get a protestant cor you can still try to get a reformed cor you can form prussia as reformed .
if you convert during the age of reformation even without a cor of your own neighbouring cors will still help convert your country after they finish converting theirs .
if you convert in the age of absolutism you 'll be bigger if you 're blobbing and have no cors to help you convert .
disaster or not you 'll be stuck in religious unity hell for longer .
i do n't actually mind him as an archer but he falls into that little kid '' stereotype design that i 'm not particularly fond of i know part of the schtick in the game is that he appears younger than he is .
it 's part of the reason i 'm not a huge fan of raigh either .
that said he 's tanky and his attack works well for the brave bow if you keep it on him .
while having vantage it 's rarely seemed particularly useful in context on him .
his native atk is a nice budget skill for him though .
he 's not bad really just has a design-type i 'm not fond of .
it tends to be taught st gcse level history which means it 's an elective course basically .
not everyone chooses to study history between 15-16 so not everyone picks it up .
the irish independence movement is also taught then as well which is why some brits do n't seem to have any real knowledge of our relationship with ireland .
i 'm still waiting for them to add the terminator ... for those who do n't know 03/04 mustang cobra .
it sounds like they are getting hung up on the breakdown process .
my store is a bit bigger than yours i also get 3 loads a week but mine are usually 950-1100 pieces .
i have 3 guys that work 8 hours each throw the load and face the store .
my crew pulls the pallets out on the floor breaks the load down into aisle stacks then wheels the stacks .
i know you said you do n't want pallets on the floor and i can understand that during hours of operation however you are throwing labor down the drain with that many people .
if i were you i would have 3 of your stockers be dedicated stockers use 1 more as your gopher '' that runs around helping people/filling ad items .
then use the other 3 people to help some other departments .
if your crew is throwing at 60 cases an hour the common standard that 's 900 cases in 6 hours with 3 guys .
even if they are going slow and steady at 40 cases an hour that 's 820 cases in 7 hours between three people
by letting thst many people do that little work you are robbing yourself from running a good efficient store
he was just trying to get rid of our population problem .
do you think that in the early days of melbourne the folk suffered from syphilis epidemics ?
the curse actually works a lot like decompression sickness dcs also known as divers ' disease the bends dose .
when you deep dive i 'm talking about scuba you ca n't come back to the surface quickly .
you need to take it slowly otherwise you will be in a world of hurt .
just like the curse you ca n't go up every couple of yards till you haft to de pressurize/re-acclimate yourself and i 'm sure that it works the same way for the curse too .
also for the black/white whistles it 's a kind of a built up toughness .
in the beginning of the story they briefly talk about how they need to get used to the effect of the first layer before they are allowed to go to the next .
there are a lot of little hints in the manga the allude to this .
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
if you have any questions or think that i messed up contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fme_irl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
i recently got hired too and it says my start date is the 8th but no time .
i was gon na wait till a few days before the 8th to call them and find out .
its like there 's another set of legendaries that are rarer than most .
like the only first in last out shotgun i have is from cayde .
one second one minute one day soon enough you 'll be looking back and wo n't recognise where you were .
9733 9733 9733 register to vote 9733 9733 9733 https myvote.wi.gov/en-us/registertovote
randy bryce https randybryceforcongress.com is running against paul ryan .
bryce supports universal health care living wages protecting social security and medicare affordable college renewable energy campaign finance reform and daca .
cathy myers https cathymyersforcongress.com is running against paul ryan .
i 'll add candidates who will represent working-class people instead of billionaire political donors .
that does n't look like a tattoo to be honest ... it 's very light .
i mean it could have faded over time but my old man has a tattoo from when he was 18 and it 's s lot dark than that .
got all nbc/comcast owned local channels and national channels here .
it 's just your location and others of course that does n't have the nbc locals yet .
you and everyone should have the live national ones though nbcsports msnbc etc
the zingrales-zinrime send their reply more swiftly this time .
as they have had some practise by now combine with the fact the new speakers spoke a language extensively mapped by the lemminkainen writing replies was far more simple than the earlier attempts .
this is an open channel and we are expecting responses from other denizens on this world dssss .
it 's between world of tanks i guess around 1000 to 1500 hours red alert 3 at least 1000 hours between xbox 360 and pc and arma 3 with about 800 hours
in lamens terms it 's a computer inside a computer .
i 'm just saying if you want to be one of the greatest you have show diversity .
4:44 is one of the best album since american gangster .
100 i 'm in australia so the only companies not actively fucking us are streaming companies like netflix .
i love ufc.tv but for exposure i 'd love it if it were on twitch or netflix although netflix has no live streaming experience ?
it would be great if i could enjoy this without epilepsy
been happening to me for months even before the update .
i listened to this song a lot after a good friend of mine had committed suicide .
as a young male i was so looking forward to having a beard as i reached my late thirties no i ca n't even imagine joining the hoard of bearded males .
i feel like beards have been ruined for everyone now
historians of the stature of karasimha sastry and others who have spent entire lifetimes studying the vijayanagara empire are not even sure of the origins and caste of the kings of vijayanagara .
there are at least 3 different theories on their origins including one where they are telugu refugees who had served with the bahamani sultanate .
if you have evidence that they were bunts you should definitely right a paper .
on raja raja again literally no evidence even exists to suggest the caste of the ruling dynasty .
everyone from mukulothevars to nadars claim that the chola dynasty was of their caste .
again if you have evidence that he was half velir wtf is a velir ?
as to them being migrants from dwaraka ... lul wut ?
on chalukyas well depending on the historian you are reading they are from the shudra caste so yeah stfu up with your false history .
also considering they replaced the kadamaba dynasty and again we do n't know the origins or the caste structure of this dynasty and theories abound from them being a brahmin to a tribal origin they could also be any of these or none at all .
people like you if you were serious that is are worse than the libtards when it comes to perpetuating caste stereotypes .
ancient and medieval india was truly free and mobility was assured to any talented player .
if you were not a chandala caste you could and many times strong leaders did forge their own destiny .
quit perpetuating stereotypes and furthering the agenda of the libtards '' .
jo hvorfor ikke det er da noget at se frem til
there are n't enough men who like masculine women to go around .
well you say that but apparently there are since tons of those kinds of men are still lonely .
maybe you could say there arent enough hot men who like masculine women to go around .
oh dont be fooled those bp beta '' guys are the ones who are more likely to want the 10\10 virgin supermodel '' woman .
it 's rather tricky and often times inaccurate to attribute smv to tastes in the opposite gender '' .
looking good is necessary to attract men in general .
tons of men like women with high voices tons of men like women with low voices .
ai n't no age limit on 50 win seasons .
tho i 'm secretly hoping we stealth tank and win the lottery this year to keep up the tradition
3 and it was 3 dinks in one shot .
pure luck really but what i 'm saying is if you do n't really try then it 's easy to get .
i 've gotten it on two pc accounts and three console ones only one of which was environmental .
it 's not as hard as rapid discord but people think you need to get a 3 man boop off the map but if you wallride and fuck them up then it 's ez .
i got 57 yards of jello assuming a density equivalent to water
sadly they are disbanding by end of this year .
heart of glass an early song of theirs is really soothing something that i never felt before .
i have discovered a lot of obscure but talented singers .
i ended up travelled to japan last year just to meet them .
sunrisey is perfect actually and y'all are right it is mostly the ric it seems
yes i 'm sure the entire line of archers behind ramsay would never have been able to hit rickon if he ran in zig zags
i swear when this fucker talks his eyebrows move so far up and down .
he might actually be an enjoyable person if he was n't a twisted 1/7 cult leader who spends his days trying to be getting more thought slaves .
13 years ago i rough necked in the wyoming oil fields to pay for my liberal arts degree .
i was totally laughed at by every coworker when i suggested cigarettes should be put out when pumping gas .
losing 5 of 30 played games while playing mercy/lucio .
so how much people get paid for doing a job varies from employee to employee ?
i guess you would prefer to live in a perfect sanitised community where people are to afraid to tell an edgy joke or run the risk of saying something that 's unpopular .
you ever put your foot in it and said something you regret ?
i do n't know the reference so i 'm not sure if it would be easy to pick up or not .
honestly i kind of figured that when it comes to mobos it did n't matter as much as say your cpu .
however i was just completely clueless as to whether or not it made a difference i was looking at the strix b350-f just cause i love the rgb look .
i 'll probably end up getting that unless another b350 is glaringly better for some reason .
i 'm pretty open minded and tolerant to pretty much anything but i do draw the line there .
i 'm cheap and do n't typically shop online for something that i need immediately so no it would n't change anything .
i would get standard shipping and not pay extra for faster shipping .
if it was baked into the price i would likely just buy it somewhere else where it is cheaper .
now changing my mindset to go online for things i need same day well that likely has more to do with the entire industry shifting that way long term .
one smaller company is n't going to change that for me .
the humpty dance lean back look at my dab and 1 2 step
can you recommend a reputable mechanic locally in place of a dealership ?
would love not to be taken advantage of or screw over the people working on my vehicle
where do the 3+3 and 3x3 come from after aug 6 and aug 9 ?
i had an old ipod video 30gb with the wheel and i got a stupid amount for it on ebay .
turns out audiophiles really like the dac built into these things and it makes for a cool diy project when they crack it open and replace the hard drive with flash memory .
to be fair how would anyone know the shaders would n't be what was expected until pledging ?
i was really surprised that windows do n't have sensors .
i figured it would be more of a safety issue such as someone wanting to suicide .
the legendary enemies in fnv are names for the respective unique deathclaw cazador bloatfly etc .
wheres legendary '' in fo4 is more of a rolled modifier on enemies if your lucky that makes them stronger give better loot and stuff like that .
i dont think there are any legendary '' enemies of fo4 's type in new vegas
since meadow is n't seen here and this seems to be after mare fires her gun and then gets attacked from behind by ivy maybe i 'm wondering if kai set it up so that meadow purposely gets shot and killed as the distraction .
which version of the tiger and the duke is that ?
all i 'm saying is if mick rory known psychopathic arsonist can get redemption so can black siren .
did you find that the similar species you kept were quite personable ?
these guys were all over the front of the tank checking people out more so than a lot of nay most of the other fish in the store !
and then hit enter twice before saying anything else !
you should be banned for being a shitty teammate not using mean words . ''
if people are too stupid to use the mute button thats on them while we have 0 way to avoid griefers .
the ending of ffx definitely got me choked up there i think it was one of the first games i played with such a bittersweet conclusion .
you 'd be nuts to throw ryan and cam in with the game managers .
for real though i wish the guns actually functioned like this ...
sorry not adding much variety here ... this is basically turning into day6 's entire discography with ftisland and some others thrown in but i like it .
of listings 8 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22sarahdancer7249 22+nsfw 3ayes sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 1 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview+title 3a 22sarahdancer7249 22+nsfw 3ayes sort=new restrict_sr=on
yeah i realized his name is one of the easier names to pronounce .
i 'd like to see them try to pronounce something like wu yuanxiang
you know exactly why they do n't do business with blacks .
1 i like the most that service is very quick and that there 's 24 hr service .
i 'm curious as to how these conversian '' therapies work
look at the gap inside your elbow it 's pretty much that .
it looks like you 've posted a personal perspective .
for future reference showerthoughts should not be commentaries on you your habits your emotional states or your experiences .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
hello u/dickmcswaggin your submission has been removed from r/warframe for breaking the proper subreddit rule http www.reddit.com/r/warframe/wiki/rules wiki_proper_subreddit_rule .
if you would like more information about this removal please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/warframe subject=proper 20subreddit 20rule message=hello 20moderators 20of 20/r/warframe 0a 0amy 20 submission https www.reddit.com/r/warframe/comments/745y9j/sooo_first_melee_riven_mod_ever_im_happy 20has 20been 20removed 3b 20i 20would 20like 20you 20to 20reconsider 20because .
i 'll check up on that when i 'm back on the island this weekend .
on the gearbox the upper left screw right above the spring cap unscrews with a spacer .
remove that and the ebb slider slides out and disables the fake blowback .
in terms of upgrades barrel and bucking motor should work .
ares v3 gearboxes are not compatible with jg style v3 boxes since the selector switch is different .
i recommend a mosfet that does not have active breaking since it has a microswitch for a trigger contact .
hyukoh korean 혁오 are a south korean indie band from the hongdae area of seoul south korea .
the band released their debut extended play 20 '' on september 18 2014 .
the band consists of oh hyuk lead vocals rhythm guitar im dong-gun bass guitar im hyun-je lead guitar and lee in-woo drums .
band frontman and principal songwriter oh hyuk was born in south korea moving to china with his family at only 5 months of age and spending most of his teens in beijing .
he returned to south korea in 2012 to study fine arts at hongik university but has since taken a leave of absence to focus on the band 's promotions .
the majority of songs from hyukoh 's first ep 20 were completed by oh alone while he was living in beijing and was recorded with session members while hyuk performed in different seoul venues as a solo artist under the name hyukoh '' .
wishing to perform with a band he sought up the other three members and officially formed the band hyukoh in may 2014 holding their first performance in june 2014 .
in time they experienced large success in the underground music scene often selling out small-scale venues and signing on with the small but well known management company drdr amc .
in summer of 2015 the band became widely known in south korea after participating in the 2015 infinite challenge summer music festival on the popular korean variety program infinite challenge .
the band received positive responses from critics and the public even breaking the top ten of the billboard world albums chart two months after the release of their second mini-album 22 '' .
their sudden success is often credited to their appearance on the show the band 's musical talent or a combination of the two . ''
on july 21 2015 renowned korean rapper and record producer tablo revealed hyukoh as the first act to sign with his independent label highgrnd pronounced as high ground .
highgrnd is financially backed by tablo 's current management company korean music conglomerate yg entertainment but its operations are autonomous from its subsidizer .
well i 've found my specific opinion is n't very popular on reddit but tl/dr jesus is the answer .
this gets a lot christian-y so bear with me .
i believe humans are basically evil and will tend toward evil .
my rough definition of evil is anything that rebels against the will of god '' admittedly very vague and entirely dependent on the reader 's concept of god '' .
i can already see thousands of objections based on the holy atrocities '' found in the old testament .
i 'm not outright dismissing those but they are beyond the scope of this post .
next i believe that individual humans are influenced powerfully by what they believe and what they have experienced .
if one of your few encounters with the christian faith is a jerk on the internet who calls himself a christian you 'll probably not think highly of christians .
if you are a child who is neglected/abused by her parents who shoot up heroin every day you might grow up to have a very low view of yourself and everyone around you .
maybe you wo n't or did n't sure but many have .
it all depends on how you interpret your experiences .
next i believe that christianity when understood and lived out correctly first will show unflinching love in the face of human evil suffering and pain .
second it will expose what it teaches to be truth about the purpose and experience of humans regardless of whether society accepts it .
this is due to the intrinsic value bestowed on human life as god 's creation .
this has been demonstrated by the likes of mother teresa and desmond doss .
also failed miserably by the persecution and murder of homosexuals and other religions and races throughout history these would be instances of christianity practiced for personal or political gains which very easily becomes evil itself .
finally i believe that as god 's valuable creation he thought us worth redeeming from our unredeemable rebellion against him and thus became one of us suffering a death that we deserve so we could avoid it and be redeemed to him .
not satisfied with that he came back to life demonstrating his ultimate power over death .
none of this is physically provable ... you ca n't tear off a page of the bible put it in a test tube with some chemicals wait for it to change colors and say aha !
this confirms a b and c predictions thus x y and z are probably true pending further tests . ''
but you can look at the state of humanity ... humans do evil corrupt things that originate in the minds of humans .
therefore humans are basically evil as claimed by christianity .
humans know something is inherently evil even without any experience with a religion that might say so .
therefore humans could have been created with this knowledge by a god who defines good and evil by his very nature .
since the beginning of history humans have searched for meaning outside of themselves while simultaneously trying to create it within themselves .
the jury is still out on whether we have found or created anything worth while .
thus we can surmise that god created a desire within us for himself a desire that only he can satisfy .
sure you could draw other conclusions based on these observations that would point to evolution or buddhism etc .
atheists might dismiss it all on the grounds of no verifiable or physical evidence .
to answer your question directly ... jesus is the answer because he loves us when we do n't deserve it giving us a reason to love others who do n't deserve it .
how can anyone shoot someone they love enough to sacrifice their own life for ?
this should most certainly raise more questions than it answers .
in fact maybe it does n't answer any questions ... but maybe it 's enough to prompt some honest introspection .
people might come back with snippets from above and refutations of said snippets ...
i do n't claim to have all the answers or all the logic or all of god 's favor .
this is just my thoughts as i think them .
maybe not worth much but i 'll let the reader decide .
all the drains in the kitchen were like this.. insane .
honestly i would probably be looking to get all 3 crates for it .
no but we 'll have a page similar to http support.ledgerwallet.com/knowledge_base/topics/how-to-verify-the-security-integrity-of-my-nano-s available shortly for the blue
or would it just hurt his standing and influence with his base and peers ?
usually when mccain flips he provides cover to a couple of moderate republicans who want to do the same .
in the case of for such he should have taken the chance .
however he obviously felt more secure about a nut job president getting his nomination than he did about a previous president being allowed to fulfil his constitutional duties .
i thought so why i could sunshot a void shield so easiely down but was this the same for d1 ?
i mean technically joker 's crew themed with commanders diamond spade clover heart and kaidou 's crew as far as we know x joker jack are based off of cards .
but again yea the idea of ace being affiliated with kaidou is kinda stretching it maybe .
is there anything we should or should n't do before or after to maximise effectiveness ?
for example dynamic or static stretches drinking water and eat food anything .
it 's so obviously the right line and i got sad that the writers used that monstrosity instead .
i mean he did say 2.9 billion in revenue not profits..
i enjoy the car physics of iv the inertia but all the mechanics when being outside of a car was pretty bad and much improved in v. i would often get frustrated by not getting niko to do what i wanted like no you idiot stay in cover or why can‘t you just fucking sit down in the boat i 'm right at the seat and i 'm pushing the right button .
when i was young my mom played van halen 's van halen album in the car hearing eruption and ai n't talkin 'bout love exposed little me to some serious rock music and i never looked back .
if i had a woman i would definitely encourage her to use that .
bought a pair of presonus eris e5s last week along with a pair of 3.5 mm trs to dual 1/4 inch ts stereo breakout cables https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b005hgm1d6 and just tried them on my crosshair vi extreme .
sound is perfect but i am encountering buzzing on both monitors and from my limited understanding both high and low frequencies with the low frequency intensifying when i use my mouse .
a quick google search indicated that the high frequency is white noise and can be caused by interference from either the sound card or the cables and the low frequency is caused by a ground loop that can be rectified via an isolated transformer .
hopefully i am right so far if not please correct me .
i tested the monitors on my axon 7 and encountered no buzzing which i guess tells me nothing about the problem but at least clears the monitors of blame .
i also tested the monitors on both the front and rear jacks of the case with no difference observed .
its worth noting that i am using my rig and monitors on the same power strip https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b072hfcdby .
i have tried plugging the monitor into a seperate outlet and observed no difference .
assuming that the solution is an external audio interface i plan to buy this one https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b01e6t56cm but have no idea which cables to buy with it so could someone please point me in the right direction ?
update on running anything strenuous like games the low frequency becomes so loud its unbearable .
on testing with the output of my blue yeti the high frequency noise is gone though .
what do you guys think about making mercy 's rez work on charges like junkrat 's conc mine ?
numbers are a little iffy but off the top of my head this is how i would change her rez .
mercy stores a charge of resurrect every 45 seconds she does not start with any charges up to a maximum of 2 charges stored .
there is an internal cooldown of maybe 3-7 seconds so that she can rez twice in a fight but not one immediately after another .
her ult could instantly store one charge on use and maybe one when it ends but some power needs to be taken out of her ult if so .
edit this is dependent on whether or not the ptr changes are intended or not .
weird question anyone got the drop on joe bonamassa ?
i was wantin ' that man to sign my fuzz pedal and all that ya know ?
staying with family while our house is being built and he got out of the fence .
he 's a miniature dachshund about 7lbs all brown .
please return him if you 've found him he 's my children 's dog and they are crushed .
when you die to the radiance and you want to get back as soon as possible .
as the title implies i 'm going to be a witness in a murder trial very soon .
some people were shot in front of my residence and i witnessed the aftermath and the suspect/s leaving .
is there any way i can retain some sort of anonymity ?
frankly i do n't want to be sitting in front the suspect or their family and friends .
first time i have been involved in anything like this so any help/encouragement is welcomed .
honestly idek where to start what a wild movie .
i 'm depressed as hell rn and i 'm so impressed with that camera work i 've never seen another movie like it .
i take kratom daily probably around 6g per day maybe slightly more and some days i will take a higher dose just because .
i take 3g in the morning and then redose a little bit less twice through out the day .
i recently got back from my psychiatrist and she gave me a month 's worth of trintellix as a free sample .
i did n't tell her about my kratom use because i was worried if i did she would n't refill my klonopin .
i do n't take the kpin every day but it 's such an extraordinarily useful thing to have i did n't want to risk it .
so my question is has anyone here taken kratom while on trintellix and if you did was there any interaction between the two ?
honestly there 's no point in playing maul imo .
just like the title says towers in this game are so disgustingly weak that the game may actually be better without them .
do n't get me wrong i love this game and i want it to be good but literally every game i 'm blown away at how easy it is for 1 person to take a tower for absolutely no reason .
and once you lose a inhib then it 's basically gg because your core is just as useless .
love your bot very impressive from a developer perspective and super useful to get some very important info about a build without having to open in pob .
while there are many important factors in forming a poe build i think one of the most influential is the skill tree .
if the bot could spit out an imgur link with a screenshot of the skill tree the linked build uses i think that would be very helpful in giving viewers an idea of how it works .
keep up the good work and let me know if i can contribute at all !
hi firstly i 'm in love with my new airpods after being a bit sceptical .
however i am really missing the function of not being able to change tracks .
i 'm on the latest ios 11.0.2 but do n't have the options in the bluetooth to use my different airpods for the gestures .
i 've tried them on a different iphone and still no luck .
i 've tried to re-pair them and still no luck .
if anyone has resolved this issue i 'll be very great-full .
i 'm trying to find a good option for scopecam footage and so far all search options have led me back to brain exploder 's modded runcam2 .
it 's not at all cheap is the problem .
has anyone tried any comparable alternatives that are equally compact but more cost efficient ?
hey y'all 242 greeeeeen bean here around a month .
i applied and got hired for a shift supervisor position .
the manager said i 'd have to start from barista and work my way up .
it even says on my mpi page that i 'm a shift supervisor .
how does one start the process for moving up and how long does it typically take ?
i 'm just making our starting pay for baristas .
no complaints here just genuine curiosity and eagerness to start my career off sooner than later .
first stupid lg that release v30 for 800 and now google pixel xl 2 thats also gon na cost 800..meanwhile it doesnt have this and it doesnt have that.. like what the fuck
if u wan na rip the customer off so much money at least make the phone fucking standout like the note 8 does .
these companies could in theory release such beautiful innovative phones..instead they release some fucking oldfashioned crap and put a premium pricetag on it .
and so i conclude note 8 comes out as winner of all phones this year ... by far .
what was the last gwd you lost to that was not on violent runes ?
for me it was rakan orion laika this post is a follow up to my last where i 'm looking to see if you can run a successful guild war defense without violent runes .
how difficult expensive would it be to convert a honda rebel 250 to a cafe racer .
so there are multiple control type connected to one date so let 's say
how do i do a query that would give me the latest dates for each unique id and each unique control type ?
i 'm stuck eating many carby meals over seas for two weeks .
i can tell i 'm starting to retain water but so far during mid-day i can get that metallic taste and my pee is really dark/chemical smelly .
am i somewhat still in ketosis or does eating a day of carbs instantly can kick someone out ?
edit not sure if this has any effect on staying in ketosis but we walk everyday for nearly 2-3 hours worth in the city .
hey could you guys recommend a few reading resources for
hey guys i 'm applying this month and the thing is some schools columbia and others say that they want 3 recommendation letters one from a counselor and 2 teachers .
i did get 2 teacher lor 's but there is no counselor in my school nor does my principal know anything about us education system .
so will colleges mind if i send only the 2 teacher lor 's ?
i dont't have a ton of money to spare on a set up so im wondering if this laptop
would be able to record audio record gameplay using this capture card without lag or other problems ?
elgato game capture hd60 for playstation 4 xbox one and xbox 360 or nintendo switch gameplay full hd 1080p 60fps https www.amazon.ca/dp/b00miq40jq/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_rih1zb59s0bhv
any tips on other set up options with cost in mind would be apprecitated .
so i 'm thinking about buying an oscilloscope and i do n't know exactly what i need i 'm a student and i do n't know any good brands or prices to start in this world .
i want to start my electronics hobby in a more serious way so i thought that a scope would be great
first i need by now to measure a signal of 10mhz tops which bandwidth is the correct/minimum for this ?
second i work most of the time on digital electronics and i saw that some scopes have serial protocol decoders is this a good feature to spend money ?
third do i need a scope that connects to my pc and to ethernet ?
fourth is it worth spending money in a scope that has a wave generator ?
it 's a question that runs through my mind every time i see a bot in one of my matches .
they are in no way a serviceable member of any team .
here 's just a few examples of some ai quirks '' with the bots
pretty much any bot makes an unfaltering beeline towards the point or payload regardless of their role health or what they see
seris bots will stand completely still during shadow travel for the entire duration every single time
drogoz bots will rarely ever use their thrusters they will use their f but will always resort back to walking .
kinessa bots will opt to spam carbine if they can even make it to the point which they will always try to instead of use the no-hipfire-spread right click .
alternatively they will try to throw a mine directly in the face of an enemy instead of shoot them
all bots attempt to masquerade as players by chiming in with unhelpful vgs why ca n't they call out flank routes ?
this might fool the lobby into thinking their player which has since departed is incredibly bad .
not everyone can deduce the humanity of a player with 100 certainty .
all bots have pathing issues that crop up in random patches being unable to leave spawn or navigate around deadly boxes
bots are extremely likely to blow ults at the completely wrong time in the completely wrong place for the completely wrong reasons or in most cases all three at once .
this usually happens when they have full ult are walking near the point and get hit by anything no matter how minor .
some examples ground based andro ults drogoz or willo ults initiated in the middle of a crossfire fernando and makoa ults used at 99 health
every bot will buy a completely random item without considering either team composition or other item purchases in the lobby with a fraudulent credit balance that is far above what the player actually owned before leaving .
these are some observations i 've made in the past few months .
i do not see the point where the benefits outweigh the losses .
the only potential gain is through intentional disconnecting in order to roll the dice and get far more items than is normally possible which is an exploit .
in return you are given a team member that is going to be less skilled than the person that left in most cases of course it would be unfair if they were omniscient and flick gods but is so unskilled and situationally unaware that they are almost always better off not existing because then they can not feed the enemy credits and ultimate charge .
tl dr bots are shit and have always been shit .
i was wondering if anyone knows any of the snapchat handles for the gmm crew or rhett link ?
feedback appreciated feel free to drop your skills below for a few more unique users !
my favourites include lingerie heels collars pantyhoses stockings fishnets latex etc etc .
of course i love a good buttplug too and there 's nothing sexier than anal beads
is it weird i do n't like black outfits though ?
send me pics of your favourites and tell me why you like them .
if you 're a guy and you 're going to send me crossdressing pics do n't bother yeah ?
hi i 've been wondering since starting writing my own books .
can using first person to write a blurb be exciting and interesting ?
it was locked away concealed in a fantastical world on the doorstep of 7 billion people that stayed utterly oblivious to it .
if they will be spared the terror that is coming that is unknown .
know that a forgotten heritage of a dwindling people whispered unknowingly sending a call to the ancient mysteries of the world .
and now events are set in motion that could force the earth on a course of terrible change .
i am being hunted and have run out of time .
yet the threat of it is why i 'm writing this warning with shaking hands .
so pay attention those who read this be careful of what lies waiting cloaked in the darkness .
that which made their home the lost places of this world.
he folded the letter with a shuddering breath and stared back in the direction from where noise reverberated through the halls .
it was of stone doors shattering one by one .
the chances of getting out safely were all but gone .
the letter in his hand dropped into one of the wells .
all he could do was hope it 's found in time .
for those of you who want to get a bit more involved with identifying birds or just enjoy looking at pictures of birds we 've created a new server for birding !
if you are donated a gift subscription to the useless kindle unlimited service you have a single chance to turn it into a gift card instead before you click the accept '' button on amazon 's site .
there is no undo '' button once you 've accepted it .
if anyone has successfully got a refund for kindle unlimited please let me know here .
i 've spent all day on the phone with amazon customer service already
edit in the end i broke down and told the person who got me the gift and he spent 2 hours on the phone threatening amazon with a chargeback until they reversed it .
the fascinating thing to me is that the customer service agents actually send you emails saying you can not do this it is impossible '' or trying to throw you off until finally success
everyone 's heard of mulan the legend of the chinese woman who cross-dressed as a man to join the war against the huns in place of her father .
however after learning about actual cross-dressing soldiers during the civil war and the world war i thought it would be an intriguing writing idea to write a story about actual woman who did this during the civil/word war s .
its common to hear stories about how soldiers were affected by the war but a story about a woman going through the same thing but in secret would be very interesting and give a unique perspective on the war .
one really cool example i found was viktoria savs https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktoria_savs from austria who won the medal of bravery and was only discovered to be a woman after having her leg amputated .
now as i 'm sure you can all guess this particular tale involves puke in a booth .
do n't we all just love when our customers do the technicolor yawn ? !
this is actually a tale i 've referenced in other stories such as with side of vagina guy and has become one of my stock stories for when those unacquainted with the perks of hospitality ask what it 's like working the night shift .
the drunk diner my current place of employment a 24 hour breakfast diner in a big city .
i work the graveyards so we get all the fun people .
the night shift is perpetually understaffed and most nights 2 servers run the entire foh hosting food running cleaning tables making our own drinks etc .
fri/sat and holidays are the exception when we have a whopping 3-4 servers 2-3 line cooks and 2 dishwashers .
the really energetic server '' '' the girl with the weird sleep thing '' .
lady 1 2 the two ladies who saw it all
it 's a major holiday and i 'm working the overnight shift .
as per usual we 're severely understaffed with no host manager expo or runner .
people keep sitting themselves despite our lovely sign and then getting mad that we 're not getting to them and i 'm wishing i could temporarily turn into a teleporting octopus .
i get sat a table of 6 of which there are only 3 members present .
after greeting them and dropping some waters they say they want to wait for their friends to arrive before ordering .
one less table to worry about while i catch up on everything .
i check on them again and they tell me they 'll just order for their friends to go .
i inform them of the approximate wait and everything is dandy so i take their order .
almost everything is up in expo when they pull me aside to tack one more item on .
i get their bill ready to drop with their food .
by this time one of the girls has left .
the other two have been chatting away and their orders long taken so i thought it a bit odd to see them put up the menus sleeping student style .
i 'm in the middle of cashing out a large table next to them when i smell something .
now i have a severely diminished sense of smell so if i can smell something i 'm immediately worried that the rest of my section can .
i see the girls leaning close together behind the menus .
i ca n't see well but their glasses look suspiciously full .
i move onto the next table to cash out directly opposite from the girls .
did you just puke all over my table ? !
i try to keep my smile on but my eyes are probably twitching .
it 's in the god damn water glasses and all over the menu .
i 'm just about to start cashing these two dudes out when i catch movement at the corner of my eye .
i excuse myself and race after them catching them at the second double doors .
are you guys just getting a breath of fresh air or ... ?
your food should be up shortly if it is n't already .
me guys you already put in your order and the kitchen made it .
not to mention you threw up all over the table .
i 'm drunk and i threw up and i wan na go home .
they proceed to get into a cab and speed off .
i 'm standing outside wondering if that really just happened or if i 'm in the twilight zone right now .
i walk back inside fuming and still in disbelief .
points the ones who puked all over my table and dine n dashed .
i 'm gon na have to clean that now ...
they paid and left and i thought that would be the end of it .
it 's not the first time i 've had to clean up puke and probably wo n't be the last so i was more resigned than appalled .
still reeks but at least my nose is broken ?
i went to tell the kitchen that the takeout was basically waste and when i got back a different table of two a few seats away was waving for me .
for the love of all that is holy your food is coming !
i ca n't make the kitchen make this faster !
ladies we heard a ringing noise and found this phone ...
i think it belongs to them we got it from the booth .
me with the most evil grin you can imagine aha haha yes !
they hand me the phone those two ladies did n't just puke all over my booth they dine n dashed on their bill .
me ahaha oh yes they 're going to want this .
i trot back through the restaurant with my prize .
there 's no way they 're leaving their precious iphone 7 here .
as i 'm walking back through the bar area i see that my takeout guy has arrived .
and who is it but one of our regular officers ?
oh yes this ca n't possibly get any better .
i explain to him my problem ringing phone in hand and he offers to take the call .
i have other things to do but fuck it .
it seems you left it at the drunk diner .
... you 'll have to come pick it up then .
you see we have a bit of a problem here .
you puked all over you table and then ran out on your bill !
well it was n't a very smart thing to do .
if you 're gon na run out on your bill do n't leave your phone behind .
i speed off to expo to get some things ready .
when i come back he 's just finishing the conversation .
cop ... well i suggest you come pick it up soon and be prepared to pay your bill in full or we might just lose this here phone .
it 'd be a shame if it winds up in the trash .
shortly after puke girl 's unembarrassed friend comes in and walks up to the bar counter .
uf i 'm here to pick up an order .
and i 'm also looking for my friend 's phone ?
you 're here to pick up an order alright .
me sure thing let me pack it up in expo .
i left her there with the cop who was sitting at a high top just a few feet away while i verified that we had everything up .
when i came back she was waiting awkwardly at the bar trying not to look at the cop .
cause 4 is totally worth it to clean up your puke .
i lifted it out of my apron and she reached for it .
me before i give this to you i need to talk to you .
me what you and your friend did was incredibly not okay .
throwing up all over the table and trying to hide it ?
it was n't me that threw up it was my friend .
she wanted to go home and i was just trying to get her out of there .
uf i know it was just taking a really long time .
me this is one of the most popular holidays of the year of course it will take longer than normal for your food to be made .
you saw how busy it was the restaurant was packed .
but you sat down and chose to order anyway .
she knows i have her phone so she 's going full apology mode now .
uf i 'm so sorry i never would have run out on a bill she just insisted on leaving .
it was your food and your friend 's food .
do you realize that when you dine n dash you put your server 's job at risk ?
i can be fired for having a table walk out especially on a large bill .
or have to cover it myself to avoid getting written up or canned .
no one cares if you throw up as long as it 's in a toilet .
please do n't ever do something like that again .
uf i 'm so sorry we know it was wrong it 'll never happen again !
i hand her the phone and head back to expo to bag her order leaving her outside with the now 2 police officers .
i get the feeling they may have given her a scolding while i was gone .
i return with her food there 's more fake apologies and then she speeds off .
the cops and i are all shaking our heads .
i finally get to return to my ladies in the corner .
because of this whole thing their food has taken forever .
i updated them when i at last dropped off their plates and they were as ecstatic as i was for both the food and the karmic justice .
my lovely ladies got 50 off as a thank you for recovering the phone and turning it in asap .
i 'm not supposed to give out discounts like that but no one else was around and management royally screwed us by understaffing on a holiday so i said fuck it .
event lf marshadow offering arceus or meloetta from last event
cant go to a nintendo zone so plsss help me 😅
i obtained both event pokemon bymyself trough the 20th celebration event europe .
if workbenches with their current costs are going to make a difference at all launch site needs a serious nerf .
right now you can just camp launch site for half an hour and return with 200hqm and a few supply signals if you are lucky not figuratively i litteraly did this and so did a lot of you i am sure .
i would recommend nerfing recyclers too as they make it far too easy to obtain large amounts of metal frags and hqm .
if hqm mainly came from mining people would n't be able to rush for tier 3 workbenches .
finally i would like to say that i am super excited for this update .
it seems like the game is finally heading in the right direction .
bayonet doppler p4 bta blue fv 0.02 b/o same as title 85 keys
trade link https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=194178997 token=h4rt-ige no vanilla and esport keys
i 've swapped the connectors over on my g36 and battery to deans but i am worried about the connectors as i 've read stories of lipo 's catching fire .
are these ok or should i be buying official '' deans connectors ?
tbh i ca n't find any official ones anywhere .
i would like a simple description and rating of each flavor extract all from tfa cap fa etc
here are the results from yesterday 's meangirls trivia game !
q01 identifying quotes identify the book and speaker of this quote '' i know some things .
i can you know do math and stuff . '' ''
q02 chapter titles identify the book this chapter title is found in a very frosty christmas 1
q03 numbers and digits by blaise 's 6th year how many times had his mother been married ?
q04 places and locations name 1 of the 3 locations that arthur weasley has had to deal with a regurgitating toileta bethnal green b bracknell c croyden d manchester 1
answer bethnal green wimbledon or elephant and castle ootp spoiler
q05 complex level 4 name the members of dudley 's gang .
q06 chapter titles identify the book this chapter title is found in the life and lies of albus dumbledore 1
q07 colors and shades what color cardigan did umbridge wear to the welcoming feast at hogwarts when she became dada professor ?
q08 time and date what day of the week was the da 's first classroom based meeting held ?
q09 explaining situations what did percy assume that ginny wanted to tell ron and harry during the attacks in chamber of secrets ?
answer that she walked in on him making out with his girlfriend penelope clearwater .
q10 general knowledge what was hermione 's favourite subject in her third year where she took all possible hogwarts classes ?
q11 general knowledge when dudley returned home after the dementor attack what 2 theories did vernon have of what happened before dudley revealed harry was at fault ?
answer mrs. polkiss gave him something foreign for tea or he was mugged .
q12 food and drinks which fruit on the painting outside the hogwarts kitchen do you have to tickle to get in ?
hosts can now decide if their home quizzes are 24 or 48 hours long
players can now find a break down for their home quizzes on the public score log spreadsheet
playing on xbox one and the foliage pop-in is painfully obvious and the resolution seems even lower than in the first game .
is this a problem on ps4 or the xbox one s ?
ok i 'm watching modern tryhard video and i do n't understand how his doing the amount of damage his doing .
granted his 305 light and i 'm 304 but it takes me so many more bullets to kill these enemies .
i literally have the exact same weapons he does and do n't do nearly as much damage .
is their a buff i 'm missing ? https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=xiwjg_e8fjm
they used to make very durable bibs but it seems quality has gone downhill
this is on a new bib after about 8 rides .
sugoi was kind enough to replace one before with similar stitching failure .
given that this is my second one with similar issues i am stating to think it could be me not sitting properly or my saddle damaging the bib ?
what i 've played so far of the game which is everything included in the beta is such a huge overhaul from battlefront 1 .
this is not your typical sequel where they just plant the number 2 on it and expand on what they did before looking at you destiny 2 it 's a complete revamp of the system .
i 'm not just talking about the ridiculous number of things there are in the game now like weapons cards or vehicles or even the engine .
it just feels like a completely new and different experience from the first one .
the way it makes you think about teamwork the way they changed the movement and the approach to missions .
i had to re-learn how to play and get out of my comfort zone especially when flying vehicles .
props to the teams at dice motive and criterion for making this game have a soul of it 's own challenging the players and not being just another sequel with more of the same .
it 's not perfect of course and there are a few things i 'm having trouble getting used to heroes health being extremely low imo is one of them but i applaud them for taking risks and changing things up .
yes i understand the magic defense yada yada striker op yada yada .
i just wan na know some strats as a wizard with same gearscore and level to beat a striker in a 1v1 ?
i understand this is an uphill battle but i 'd really like some input .
looking for some serious thoughts instead of reroll striker or alt f4 etcetc ''
any insiders know the expected date to hit aus shelves ?
the term was seen in an old powerpuff girls episode .
i just made an alt titan and looking someone to do pub events and farm that level cap in no time .
looking at touch screen 2-1 laptops and wondering if they are superior to the cintiq 13hd .
also have sb halo looking to trade 1:1 for lime
perhaps there should be an option in the main menu to disable enemy chat .
for survival it would disable chat from everyone and in team mode it would just disable chat for the opposing teams .
this would allow teammates to communicate effectively while removing the ability for the enemy to chat .
it would prevent enemies from spamming taunts while attacking you or after you have been killed which is n't very conducive to a fun environment imo .
i 'd be curious to see what community thinks of this suggestion .
like build to use skills talents and the place .
the following post by puppyluver01 is being replicated because some comments within the post but not the post itself have been silently removed .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
airscanlegacydiscovery canon ijscanner2 canon ijscanner4 canon ijscanner6 commandfilter fax utility ppp miniterm set info show info just to name a few .
they 're hidden in the finder and in spotlight and the only reason i know about them is because they showed up in the allowed apps section of parental controls .
i recently connected to a wifi network at work owned by my boss up until now this has never happened before .
also facetime and the built-in webcam have been turning on by themselves .
the wide bars are stationary while the thin u-shaped loop at the bottom can move to the end final position loop https imgur.com/a/8v1q4 .
while-as in motion the loop carries the current from initial position diagram 1 to the final position diagram 2 .
when i analyze this it seems as if the flux around the loop does n't change or even if it does it would be a net-zero ?
finally the inductance of the loop i.e it 's surround magnetic field around the wires is the same in both positions ?
note i recommend opening the two diagrams in two different tabs to see the slight difference clearly .
hey guys if this post is not allowed feel free to let me know i read the rules and did n't see anything on asking quesitons and i looked through the search bar and found nothing .
i watch both subs and dubs but i generally prefer dubs as they are much more laid back to watch as i can eat while watching and not miss dialogue when looking down at my food for a moment plus i 'm normally a slow reader so sometimes i will miss a few words and have to go back .
i have nothing truly against either but dub is more often easier since english is my first language and i can just relax and watch it instead of having to focus on reading also lets me look at the animation more than i would when having to read .
anyway i was wondering what the current trend funimation currently has on their simuldubs ?
i have been watching a mix of older and newer shows and dubs and subs lately so i 'm not really sure .
do episodes usually come out a week later two weeks etc. ? ?
i 'm looking to watch juuni taisen and black clover but would rather wait for the dubs but i 'm just curious when the first episodes will hit .
thank you for any insight you can give me ! !
shout out to get hurt i 'll come back when you wish you the one that buys candies and watches movies alone on weekends .
it made me seem insensitive and rude to tell you because she 's embarrassed about it .
ak bluelam mw|0.11|**king on the field ss https s.metjm.net/wzpgbim.jpg 2k
ak bluelam mw|0.10|**harp of war holo ss https s.metjm.net/my6gqux.jpg 2k
here 's the link https www.gearbest.com/access-control/pp_626702.html ? wid=21 lkid=11003073 fb group fb group facebook.com/groups/326747374417279
for example a mod that would equip fine clothes and fine hat when entering a home while reverting back to daedric armor upon entering the wild .
and is the meaning more support '' or proof .
we are in a debate on another forum about posters who are demanding that opinions be substantiated . ''
i assert that opinions need only be 1 informed and 2 supported with reasonable evidence or logic .
substantiated '' seems to mean more proved or at least heavily supported .
when sufficient good evidence is compiled one might declare that something is substantiated .
i believe substantiated as an adjective would not usually refer to an opinion with only some support .
i raised this on the grammar sub got this answer
i do n't believe there is a difference between the two except that substantiated is the past tense and past participle of substantiate .
therefore something that is substantiated would seem more weighty '' because it 's already been through the substantiation process !
poster is likely technically correct but it seems that semantically there is more than just a weighty feel between the two .
and comment on the debate if you are so inclined
i really want the edge clock '' aod to show notification icons .
does anyone know of any method of letting me do that ?
obviously stock does n't let you but is there an edge clock on the market that i ca n't find or a way of otherwise getting it on the phone ?
have had thoughts on and off for the past 4 or 5 years but never acted on them .
been in a rough spot for the last month and been thinking more and more about it .
work sent out a mental health test to all employees and i filled it out and it said i should seek help for a major depressive disorder .
i know a quiz does n't really mean much but that hit me pretty hard .
not sure if anyone will answer me but i really need someone to talk to right now .
hey fifa players i have 300k ish and was wondering if i should invest in an icon as once they release a prime version i 've heard that the the sbc will require an icon which might see their price shoot up .
i 'm looking for a club to join now long time pro clubs player since fifa 10 i played 7 years as st .
i play casual from this year so i 'm looking for good atmosphere club .
every year my st rating over 2000 games is 8.5 .
playing in free ladder is boring and there is no way to gain skill points by this way .
only play in us or asia region no europe sorry .
as u can see i have golden glass icon pack and i really want a clock widget that look good with it
i tried many klwp kwgt paid/free preset but still did n't find a good one and i do n't have experience to make my own
what 's the best course of action to maximise profits here .
should i sell now buy during a dip before the fork or just hodl ?
picking up a fractal ax8 now and looking for a board/case to keep it in .
i do n't mind if it 's soft case or hard case as long as it 's sized to house just the unit securely .
any pedalboards soft cases or hard cases to fit the ax8 or fx8 they are the same size would be much appreciated .
i 'd like the price to be as cheap as possible i wo n't be using the case much but need something just to protect it when taking it on the bus to rehearsal etc .
i 've heard the pedaltrain jr fits it but do n't have any confirmation on it .
if it helps the dimensions of the ax8 are 16.1 x 4.0 x 10.3 .
i am quite a newbie if it 's about creating google pages and so on .
i checked google for creating a brand site or a page and it says it is possible and i found few tuts already .
but in fact somehow you need to create my business '' first which i do n't like and do n't need as my site is a brand and blog so no local business .
any idea on how to create just a page or a brand but not a local business ?
now im jsut a silver v noob so i might have no tight to say about this but im a part of the community so i guess ill state my mind .
and this is just something that i noticed by watching the longzhu and immortals game i havent done any research .
what i mean is that maybe the 15 second assist system is a but outdated .
like i think u should get an assist if you have dealt a considerable amount of dmg to a champ .
or just dealt cc talyah wall that doesent deal dmg but its still the main reason the kill took place in the first place .
this might not even make sense for any of you beacuse im shit at explaing lol
b/o 64 keys i would like to get 64 keys feel free to offer here or on steam !
it offer 1 year course that are pretty interesting to me .
i would like to spend 1 year there as my gap year and develop strength and fitness as well .
why do people have a tendency to fall back to old habits after a click ?
how long does it take to create a new habit for maintaining logic as a core value ?
i have days when i feel driven by logic forward and then days when i do not even realize i am doing illogical stupidity .
hi all my name is marcel and last year i tried mdma and e for the first time both same drug but different form when i started taking md i was depressed and on the verge of trying to take my life abuse from girlfriend made it twice as bad this is the good part mdma cured my depression and set me in a did n't frame of mind but i had one promblem i got addited to the high i started popping pill and mdma on mondays and then thursdays and sundays none stop cycle and it was n't your normal doses this was one gram and above the highest i 've done was 2.4grams of mandy and oh boy did i come close to dying but i 've noticed long term effect of mdma can be sleeping paralysis depending when everyone drops mandy as i dropped it in the night i was usually sleep deprived i would pass out randomly and i 'd go bed and end up on the floor crawling not being able to move it felt like demons were coming for me and gon na kill me it fucked i 'm 17 year old now but i fucked up my teen life a lot now i go gym and i 'm aiming to get big and i 've turned my life around a lot i 'm now doing mdma once a month and i 'm thinking of stopping when i turn 18 the buzz is n't the same anymore but fuck it i 'll always love mdma in some words it saved my life 🍁 and one more thing weed is number one no matter what you will always go back to weed 🍁🍁❤️❤️ my story there tell me yours ?
every storm shield defense any map has power 0 and my stockage is done .
i 've always been the data guy and i 've always liked to see real-time stats of the games i spectate in league .
one great example of this is the websocket of the watch.esports page http watch.euw.lolesports.com/en_gb/worldchampionship/en/popout that gives you an insane amount of information about the match all ingame stats for every champ runes masteries items bought in a timelapse etc .
i love this but could n't this be applied to every league match ?
ingame stats could be calculated client-side so the servers would n't notice the difference and obviously i 'm assuming the 3 min delay .
as i told you i just want to check the live data not break the game .
also we could start to use some graphs and pretty stuff to check how 's the match going .
in e-sports matches you always get some info about the player maybe one stat or two but that 's too few to check .
also international casters have a hard time checking some stats because they ca n't ask riot midgame what 's the average gold of the adc in blue side .
yeah you can calculate that for yourself but could we just get that ?
its a way to take league more seriously data-wise and it would allow for some interesting infographs .
i know the case i 'm presenting today is very niche but it would elevate league another level in terms of spectator information allowing people to enjoy watching league matches more showing relevant and interesting data without needing to wait for the end of the match and make spectating in league a more enjoyable experience .
some examples of well-done data management would be dota 2 with its in-game graphs about gold damage wards or gold worth or smite with tons of info about the players including gold dmg taken mitigated etc .
just wondering if characters are linked to bungie accounts ?
for example if i had a character on ps4 if i purchased destiny on pc and used the same bungie account would i be able to access and play the character i started on my ps4 ?
it just does n't look that interesting to be honest .
it 's definitely possible but i do n't know of any public bots that do that .
if you 'd like to see a successful implementation r/destinythegame 's discord has done this successfully .
i was going to say all of this but uptonogood said it better .
also i have a pirated version of sketchup since the free version wo n't allow exports in fbx format .
i 'm in the same area in the same type of apartment i think ?
german fun-punk band with a huge variety of songs and influences .
and geisterhaus just has the angry anti-mainstream lyrics so many teens are drawn to .
sometimes i like to scroll through your photos and pretend it was an accident
ungrateful '' for inaction and mismanagement from the federal government .
they do not deserve to have their president kicking them while they 're down but let 's be honest trump is only interested in picking fights with people who ca n't fight back because he 's a feeble old coward .
it does though pros all wait until the rope before making a single move they actually do quite a lot of mistakes due to apm .
that is the one feature it should have imho .
was 3tp from promotion then someone played a lv0 strix .
doro is cool too still had great pipes when i saw her with motorhead about 5 or 6 years ago .
note this is only a fun simulation and is not an actual prediction on which team will win in their group .
you may only send 1 request per 24 hours .
if your pokémon is not found by the sender you will have a 12 hour timeframe to re-deposit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemoncreate if you have any questions or concerns .
tbh i look at it and see a very niche use thus being so far down
if when the post was up and the dude balancing it was looking you said what you just did maybe he 'd move it up because it is a nice usage and smart play too .
it does turn on and that 's all they 're asking .
if google do n't accept it tell them they were n't specific enough it 's their problem .
thats probably the simplest and easiest fix ive seen for the hunters weaknesses ...
have n't seen much talk about them on the sub ...
around 42k plus whats in the pumps average about 5k in repairs .
agreed but i was surprised by the similarities between the two .
it 's only hppd if you ca n't control it and it bothers you
dagon was better at consume archetype than elder even before the patch .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
there is an easier and way cheaper way to cook rise .
add a little bit of oil and pour dry rise into the pan .
stear it for a couple of minutes then add water exactly twice the amount of rise you used .
lower the heat and do not open the lid before all the water evaporates it takes about 12-15 minutes depending on the type of rise you used .
i dont get it lol its really not hard to comprehend why people post random off-topic shit on a music subreddit .
the emperor of the forty-second millennium is pleased with this development .
another similar type of question people ask how do you please a transgender partner ?
asking is the simplest way but they will also often tell you right away .
whisper you look beautiful/handsome '' or any other gender-affirming comment about them .
you can also simply whisper their preferred pronouns for a similar effect .
this will lead to them orgasming on the spot .
if they do n't stop steppenwolf by midnight of the third day the world ends ? ? ?
because if they try to make the battery bigger than it is the phone goes boom .
man it 's more like you confirmed me right then opposite .
it 's the fact that kane is n't as versatile as the ones i 've mentioned he is a pure cf or st is n't good at tracking back or playing on the wings .
we 've seen all the madrid players have up front have always rotated the front three over the past years during games even for longer parts of the game we 've seen benzema on the left with cristiano on the right and bale in the middle .
remember the ucl goal benzema scored against atleti last season ?
i personally do n't see him being a starter for a team like madrid maybe in 2-3 years if he ups his game plays big matches in the ucl .
but right now he would n't fit in a team like madrid at all .
i swear i 've seen that picture before but with other characters ...
and remember the right freaked.. and on that rare occassion rightfully so when bill met lynch .
its the same situation with two totally different outcomes .
lynch recused herself and agreed to accept the recommendations of her investigator republican comey .
vance on the other hand overruled his investigators and thew out the case .
but how do you keep the pizza warm if you tear up the box to take 1 slice ?
i think the asus zenbook ux550ve https shopineer.com/laptops/asus-ux550ve-db71t-zenbook-15-6-nano-edge-fhd-touch-laptop-core seems like a reasonable option .
the gtx 1050 ti should be fine for those games applications but a gtx 1060 would be even better .
it has a good build quality aluminum case and around 7 hours of battery according to this review https www.notebookcheck.net/gigabyte-aero-15-7700hq-gtx-1060-fhd-laptop-review.215364.0.html .
the 1060 gpu should be able to run most modern games on high settings .
that should be useful considering future games as well .
i would also consider this hid aero 15 https shopineer.com/laptops/hidevolution-gigabyte-aero-15w-bk4-hid1-15-6-i7-7700hq-w-ic-gb-15w-bk4-hid1 which has ic diamond thermal compound on the cpu/gpu to reduce temperatures under heavy load gaming .
for more options you can check this list of gaming laptops https shopineer.com/laptops/top-lists/best-gaming-laptops .
cersei advances through being viscous as can be and her natural gifts of beauty and name rather than intelligence .
as someone pointed out one shoe bomber led to everyone who gets on an airplane having a tsa employee give them a colonoscopy .
but 600 casualties should just be taken in stride .
and whether it is 40,000 or 30,000 deaths a year is immatwial .
do people forget her ult does other sht besides pluck
60 power and 70 attack speed nothing to just ignore
where did you buy it from you do n't mind me asking ?
i 've been looking to upgrade still on a moto g play which while serviceable is n't quite cutting it performance wise anymore .
its a good scout as far as energy scouts go
hahaha that was fun to read but would be equally fun to enact .
i was one of the people who saw that it had 13 posts .
spoiler a lot of people can tell she left early probably first .
i personally think they are either on-set or they are the significant other of someone on-set .
the leak of the circus week bottom two spoiler and probable elimination spoiler has probably finally woken wow up .
the game goes from elemental bullet sponges to just a giant horde of enemies .
speed destroys the mdma magic you ruined your first roll with that .
same here..if i am in a party with everyone being at least over overall rep 30 we mostly decide to quit the match before we instill pure terror on the newlies .
if i am alone with a random team of just rep 0 against another low rep team i „try to hold just one point .
do the new ones can decide themselves if they want to take me on like okay bring it !
sometimes i step in to help a mate in need .
i hate losing so i try to prevent a loss though which often results in a massacre in the end .
so an 8 year old should be able to drive a car and drink ?
or do you think it 's reasonable for societies to set limits on some things involving people with immature afflicted mental faculties ?
you know damn well rocks and hands are n't as dangerous as guns .
makes more sense but would you be in favor of futurama style suicide booths ?
you would pretty much need to repeal the 2nd amendment to enact a law like that .
once that happens you can say hello to a republican president for the next 50 years .
eventually he gets bored and changes to something else .
sometimes you hit jackpot and it 's a game you love and you can go along on the ride with him .
sometimes it 's a game other people like and you just have to sit it out until he switches .
do what i do when he gets set on a game you ca n't stand go rewatch some of his great series .
when he was on his overwatch binge i rewatched so many classic sips series it was a great trip down memory lane .
just happened to be able to only reply after everyone that replied before me replied .
i beat the main story but i forget what it was that made me continuously keep trying to grind away .
i think i was trying to reach a level that unlocked some super rad attack or some bullshit .
there were a class of monster king metal slimes that yielded insane xp but their spawn rate was super low and they usually fled battle after 2 turns .
on top of that their defense was off the charts .
i eventually admitted defeat in the side quest and started playing chaos legion .
edit i remember what it was i was doing now !
out of like 10 of them i could only beat 2 .
pretty sure its just a part of the running joke on this sub .
i know it 's popular to be cynical around here but i really do feel like toronto 's tech scene is on the right track for the foreseeable future .
since when does i love you '' turn into you must let me do whatever i want when i want end of story '' ?
saying bought '' does n't really cover it either .
they force industries to lobby or else they deliberately choke them out with regulations and other dirty tactics .
the lobbying is a symptom and a piece to the system as designed not the cause .
to be clear both the government and business are in the wrong and lobbying is disgusting .
i 'm not trying to say lobbying is okay or that businesses are n't also in the wrong they absolutely are
na and eu have a 0 win rate on both blue and red side this worlds .
i do n't think it would be played though .
truesilver and corpsetaker are already really good in the four mana slot .
having 5 or 6 four mana cards that are to be played on turn four is clunky
as it should be—that 's also how i was instructed to bathe properly head face then body .
though you could just make a server per game .
they give me stability my knees thank me as well since down hills give my knees issues .
the added weight is a non issue for me as i have never had problems with it .
i would say if your hikes have a good amounts of ups and downs then i would say get a cheap pair to try out and if you like them upgrade .
or just do like my friend and keep the cheaper ones .
weather it 's a morning routine or stretched throughout your day having an established timeline helps your productivity and manages your time more effectively .
if you get the parts/bp from a relic drop then they will be in your foundry but you will not be able to build it .
you can get the parts through trade but the blueprint is restricted by your mr .
different modes of parenting ... .but you dont accept it ... its not like im torturing the little shit
i 'd like to have some kind of demonstrated commitment to being a canadian and living in canada
as much as is possible that already exists by maintaining pr status which is a requirement for naturalization .
they had to live in canada three or four sometimes before they could even apply for citizenship .
during this time they would get jobs go to school etc .
even if you want to renounce your citizenship your country might not allow it .
edit to clarify i think it again comes down to what the government can enforce .
they can enforce pr requirements but they ca n't regulate other countries citizenship laws .
we are going to a place that has a bar and a live band playing.. she 'll be there about 30 minutes before me..
i told her it was unfair that she was able to take the edge off and laugh at me as she watches me squirm in my seat..
i should just take a couple quick shots expedite that shit .
i 'm so happy me and all my friends managed to buy golden circle tickets
it made zero sense to turn a guy who had spent 3 full mlb seasons as a reliever and looked poised to be the closer of the future and try to turn him into a starter
riot does n't include all information about x ability in the tooltip such as the scalings .
shyvana 's q is also inconsistent to answer your question .
it counts as 4 fervor stacks because it 's 2 autoattacks but only counts for 1 guinsoos stack because it is n't 2 autoattacks .
is dying fun when you hit the innumerable areas where water is no more than 6 inches deep ?
it would be absolutely qualify as complete stupidity to try this .
is my memory terrible and you 're getting married !
i went to a lot of container sessions which was helpful as i 'm working on monitoring containers right now with oms .
i had a lot of meetings with ms though so missed some of the interesting ones .
at least i have access to do the labs for a while .
because all lonely trolls here want is to or steal other people 's love because they are jealous mostly .
i have one of those cassette tapes with a headphone adapter cord that i just plug into my phone instead .
crude by current technological standards but works just the same .
voters that do n't show up at regular elections pretty much say 'hey i am not qualified n or interested someone else can make that decision ' .
when going against a constitution you really need a majority possibly a 2/3 majority .
mhm i have games where soliders with absolutely stupid aim shut me down.. and after 5 respawns with maybe 60 charge i 'm wondering what i should swap to .
then people are yelling for healing while never giving a thought as to why i 'm running back .
i think med students too often forget that the majority of people have no clue how the process of becoming a doctor work .
how does this destroy olivers character he did n't use his fathers crusade as an excuse .
he realized that a tiny part of him liked the killing .
i am in the exact same boat except that my puppy is 14 weeks .
when we are in the apartment and she is n't sleeping she is usually cruising around trying to chew on things she should n't be particularly my hands and arms .
love her to death but it 's driving me crazy too .
have you tried the nylabone made for puppies that 's chicken flavored ?
my pup loved it and just sat there chewing .
sadly within minutes she started taking chunks off and i had to toss it .
they basically are for titans walking around with 2 of 'em .
at the same time when someone does fix something you need to show some appreciation or else they 'll say to hell with it and not even try to please fans .
for walkouts there is a delay between when they show the club and position so the difference between a nani and ronaldo would only be noticeable after the lw is shown .
if it 's a long-ish pause then you can tell it 's gon na be the big man hope that makes sense
and i 'm sad nobody else does both in the series and in the fandom .
honestly i think it looks a little too normal .
does n't really fit in with the ultra beast theme of being totally alien .
its very straightforward your best bet is to just ask the landlord which companies service your area .
if you do n't have credit history the utility company might want a deposit .
is there an image dump for the ccs event yet ?
i was n't aware of the leap motion problem good to know .
what about using a rift instead of a vive ?
i unsubbed at one point because it was top to bottom with res so way more than the usual first page things calling for clinton to be in prison based on emails .
as an australian it was just annoying and obviously manipulated .
clinton has n't been mentioned on the sub in months that i 've seen .
i 'm on the eagles/steelers coin flip right now .
both week 7 and 8 look like there are stable picks
so basically when you evaluate the integral you get infinity heart
xd i literally just started reading the buried giant .
it 's the first book of his i can remember coming across .
he always calls me princess and i called him prince .
he scrunched his nose and said he never liked fairy tales he wanted to be an astronaut .
that 's it i 'm on a very low pop server bottom 5 and thought about moving to a higher pop server looked at a few made level 1s sold some pets to get capital and i like where i am the better margins .
i 'm close to 4mil liquid with 9 tokens in bag and 2 months paid .
the economy is predictable which is what i like .
not to say it wo n't be predictable on a higher pop server but i would think it 's a little steadier on a low pop .
i 'd also say that low pop servers require less attention i would think higher pop would require more cancel and repost actions to sell things .
where as i only have to do that once or twice a day where i 'm at .
if you kill everyone at the capital who do you negotiate with to make the nukes stop ?
there 's no chance on this earth a genetic freak like me could ever be forty-fuckin-first on this list !
the only thing that brings me comfort is that kurt angle is lower on the list than i am but even still i 'm pissed off !
forgive my lack of knowledge of door locks but does it have a manual bypass for daytime hours ?
how would prospective students get in to ask questions/sign up ?
i 'm actually not totally sure i had n't thought about it before my counselor mentioned it .
i 've been obsessed with order but it 's all mental because i ca n't actually put everything in order that i 'd want to .
at work when i was in the kitchen i 'd always stack foam bowls so they 'd be the same height same thing with their lids i 'd move the same colored chairs to the same tables in the dining room i do n't like it when there 's more chairs than are supposed to be '' at a table .
i 'm not as bad these days but i used to have to respond to every text message or im on messenger .
i constantly think way too much about what i 'm wearing or how people perceive me the movements i make everything is sort of controlled .
you did n't do anything to give it to yourself .
i joke that i would never know if i had food poisoning because whats the difference ?
thats one of the reasons i love wrath and forsaken so much
bulls are n't really attracted to the color red like that they 're attracted to colorful moving objects so i guess the moving red flag matadors wave yeah
edit i just woke up idk how to word this im sorry
here 's something from colonel twerkins emissar and moderator on the official forums in the middle of a post telling players that they 're morons .
the number one issue i see are solo players .
it can be done for now not so much in release but is not feasible in light of the scavs .
you have yet to meet the scav gang bosses so the tears will come eventually . ''
i do n't think conservative are stupid i think trump supporter are stupid .
and not because i do n't want to contribute i do .
it 's just because i do n't honestly believe that there is any way that a rational thinking man can in all honestly truly believe that donald trump is a good fit to be a president .
his conflict of interests his multiple proven lies his inability to take criticism his fierce attack of the media that disagree with him his boosting of everything even the things that are n't working him blaming everyone beside himself trying to show off knowledge and skills that he does n't actually have and failing stupendously at that .
and that 's before even starting to dig into things that you might start discussing even thought i disagree completely like the building a big wall to stop immigration .
how can someone overlook all that and think yes he can be a good president '' or he is doing a good job '' is unthinkable to me .
but maybe i 'm the actual moron and he is playing us all for fools he has an ability to rally people with him and i still ca n't manage to grasp how .
if you say i too believe that trump is a moron but i think he will be able to push forward my agenda '' then ok i can maybe see where you are coming from even if i probably think it 's a very dangerous game republicans
also he 's a politically charged black batman like way more depth than arrrgh my mom and dad die now i fight crime and blow money fast .
it 's also very hard to compare this to their previous battlefront at this point .
remember when disqus comments were n't based of attentionseeking ? i do n't
the juggler points to a guiding light which is quite bright
you can preach you can teach but unless the class trusts you who do you reach ?
gravitea bends space bypassing all the barriers keeping people from seeing .
i 'm picking up the pace as my time 's been replaced as the beast is leaving my most sacred place .
what was that hand that reached into the dark raising me to where i stand to make me gaze upon the power of my personal brand .
you wanted a savior well i 'm that flavor .
commanded straight from the maker to make all the small tall .
gather round y'all to witness this generation 's spectacle !
hody dropped after 2 snail refills on 188 stamina .
bandai should really remove beli bags and cc drops from story mode bosses .
hody dropped twice a rcv candy and once a beli bag before his poster came .
it 's definitely on my top 5 ... maybe top 3 not sure .
and yeah putridity is so fucking good i love all the riffs on it and the growling is amazing .
how he switches from growling to human shouts is awesome .
the first riff of that song gives the hair on my arms erections .
i do n't believe bernie would be talking the 'dart-without-feathers ' bullshit that big orange has been sharing .
admittedly he may be ineffectual because both sides will hate him for trying to put curbs on their rich friends .
but he 'd be better than the poltroon in the wh now .
that 's exactly the same as call of duty .
timestamps are outdated for some items like the blue switches missing for others like the green mods .
do not delete and repost once you have edited them in please reply to this comment and your post will be approved
if it haunts you like that ... .you might consider going to the press .
or directly to a local-area judge or district attorney .
they might be able to gin up some pressure on local law enforcement .
one of the scan points talks about how he cut his finger on his human hand and now bleeds vex milk instead of blood .
i do not think there is anything he can do .
this thing does n't cost 1/5th of the price though that 's the problem you could get a decent laptop with a full operating system for the same money .
200 chromebooks sure you can make that argument although for that matter you can get a 200 hybrid laptop/tablet that dual boots full windows 10 and android i have one although the build quality is a bit iffy compared to a chromebook .
this is why i always look before driving over the train tracks .
there can theoretically be more than one political crime family at a time .
i for one would n't want my store of value to even have the possibility of being blacklisted but everyone can do what they want .
that 's what i assumed since i know italy has the dop protection parmigiano reggiano has its own authenticity protection in addition and the cheese i buy says all that plus imported .
i said in another comment i wound up having a chunk of reggiano sent via courier overnight from italy because i was convinced it 's not the same and the italian cheese is definitely different in color and depth of flavor .
the two pieces were aged the same time too .
i noticed most dairy in europe was richer and different than american maybe it 's a usda standard that affects our cheese i do n't know .
global native starch market will exceed us 7 billion by the end of year 2024 .
starch is a white tasteless solid carbohydrate c 6h 10o 5 n occurring in the form of tiny granules in the seeds tubers and other parts of plants and forming an important constituent of corn wheat cassava potatoes rice beans and many other vegetable foods .
the native starch market is mostly dominated by americas and asia-pacific .
while on the basis of production americas is having the maximum production share among all the regions studied in this report .
renub research report titled global native starch market production forecast by corn wheat cassava potato by americas europe asia pacific row by confectionery drinks processed food corrugating paper making feed pharmaceuticals chemicals non-food studies the global starch market and production .
this 174 page report with 153 figures provides an all-encompassing analysis of the key growth drivers and restraining factors market and production trends and their projections for the upcoming years .
you have a whole future in front of you .
suicide is not a option ending your life is not a option .
my golden pup stole us habanero when he was 14 weeks ... . now he does n't steal anymore because he rip out the plant few days ago !
as opposed to right now when white male rural america is poised to limit all women 's access to a safe abortion at 20 weeks ?
also i think he meant diameter instead of radius .
actually going forward like that alleviates some of the stretch .
it 's a great way to stretch your hammies .
otherwise it can put a lot of strain on your quads and glutes and hip flexors .
let 's say there 's 1million cops in usa and we hear about a bad cop or 2 every other week perhaps 20 egregious stories a year that 's an extremely small proportion of the total .
also aside from huge events like this last week in lv good cops do n't make news headlines because no one cares ...
it benefits a specific set of the media and politicians for you to believe that bad cops '' are the standard when really they are clearly the outliers so these outlier cases get blown out of proportion or completely fabricated like in ferguson for example cue the downvotes so that a political agenda gets its way .
number of cops is just a guess there could be half that or double that but it 's a decent guess and does n't change the point much
also if my mentioning of how the ferguson thing was completely fabricated by the media triggered you i suggest you read the grand jury transcripts .
reminds me of the speech i gave back when i turned 18 .
the joke literally took her 2 minutes of silence to come up with and it was n't even good ... it was just something said to break the clear tension from the audience .
also the whole we are not going to chat on about corbyn ... .did everyone hear me i said we do n't want to go on about cor*cough cough i said we are not going to talk about corbyn ... did everyone hear that no corbyn talk today ''
i 've been to edi twice now one at the end of fall and once in spring both times the weather was great .
my brother lived there for almost two years and he said that the weather is n't that bad except for winter when it 's a nightmare .
i really do n't need to pay more alabama sales tax than i already do in orange beach
i once saw a guy buy flame decals at autozone take them outside to the parking lot and put them on his nsx .
this coin has n't done anything since ico i 'm not sure there is a market of buyers that want avt .
work is generally overwhelming in the beginning particularly the fist couple of weeks .
one job i had i was told it took about a year before people were fully trained and got the ropes .
i had some experience already and had been trained on top of it .
not all jobs are like that but it was super stressful and that one took longer than other jobs i had to start feeling settled .
it must be a real disappointment to realise that after years of shambolic mismanagement and disastrous austerity '' they increased their vote share by 5.5 to 42 comparable to blair 's 1997 landslide percentage and nearly a million more votes than labour .
pretty sure this is how they always intended legends '' to work but not a lot of people realize it .
the eu stories are literally just in universe stories that may or may not be true to some capacity .
darth caedus is a legend made up about kylo ren .
the 2003 clone wars is a legendary retelling by someone of actual battles that happened in some form with exaggerations
and then ... a-and then grevious took on a whole squad of jedi by himself and then uh ... .mace windu fought back an entire droid army !
which would probably be someone like this child that was there https youtu.be/cf3oczu4czo ? t=292 to tell the story or his version of it .
the story of revan and malachor with the mass shadow generator incident was probably taught to kanan in some form or spread around as some horrible scary story as he grew up in the temple and it may have happened in some form in the past .
i have no idea where this whole 🅱️ydrate '' and 🅱️ and whatever stuff is about
people who are wheelchair bound often need lifts to get in and out of their vehicles .
van accessible means it 's big enough for your lift gate to deploy .
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ imh take my crockpot ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
if we win this game tonight i feel like we can take this from them .
sadly did n't do much on the sports science side but ill try my best .
they looked at pretty much everything overall loading amount of high speed running changes of direction etc .
generally they defined their loading based on the individual and their position .
a striker wo n't do the running a midfield player does etc but generally some players are just naturally fitter and will run more than others .
they essentially used to a program to extract the data from the devices you see all players wear during training and the program pulls the important information .
as i said generally i only concerned myself with loading when rehabbing a player so i knew what i had to get them back to before they started training again .
hopefully in a few weeks ill be back in that setting so will look more into it if i am .
ayy believing we live in fascist spain that steals and oppresses us is not irrational
he might have kept record of the money i got from the till but i guess he ca n't prove he gave it to me .
im in the uk and i believe that we 're all still on august security patch and blueborne remains unpatched .
i have tweeted samsunguk and samsungmobile ... no joy !
i wish i could bleach it out of my brain now ...
the guy takes the time to write out a well thought out response and was very choice in his words .
not only does it go over your head you duck just to make sure it does .
i just had a wake up call with how large this set actually is mine will be arriving today and i was clearing a space to build it ... .
it 's more than twice as tall as my ucs slave i .
it 's longer than the folding card table i use for building .
39 '' is way bigger in reality than it was in my mind .
think of it as a legal system with no regards to math .
i heard an interview on npr this morning where someone was suggesting political ads be regulated on facebook the same way they are on television .
i 'm so and so and i approve this message '' along with other things like keeping records of political ad purchases greater than 10,000 .
the problem is these are not the 'political ads ' of yesteryear and can not readily or fairly be regulated without potentially stepping on the toes of legitimate groups .
the same if not more damage can be done via a fake blm facebook group acting like assholes and starting a ruckus than a news article claiming mccain founded isis .
most would be inclined to agree and believe the former and not the latter .
simply wait til there are about 10 one-star reviews saying it burned my house down '' then do n't buy it .
no one 's not suited for friends it just sounds like you have n't had very good people as your friends .
i said more fluid controls as in more floaty and smooth but lacking precision and the articulation needed for skilled pilots to reliably go where they want to and when .
its handy for staying alive and getting on target not that thats a problem since its also dumbed down to the point where you can ignore the pip .
again limited functionality just as a nice suit would be in my example .
all it does is make you look nice and cover you .
pretty much every item we own is of limited functionality .
but you do n't drop 200 on something like this and use it heavily .
that 'd be like wearing your suit on the sofa every evening .
also it 's not that nice a bit of wood before you 've done something with it .
bowl blanks are a different animal from dimensioned stock you 'd use for cabinet making and carpentry .
you can use felled wood burls stumps green wood from tree surgeons and all sorts of wood that would otherwise just be mulched .
you can use wood with voids with the bark still on and generally wood with interesting grain that makes it unsuitable for other forms of woodwork .
i just do n't get why people see teams of workers by the sides of the road felling trees and grinding them up and no-one cares but you turn some wood that may well not be used otherwise into a beautiful item that lasts a lifetime and all of a sudden everyone complains .
a wood turner is going to use less wood in months than some other guy is just throwing in the wood chipper every day just because it 's in his way .
it 's irritating to me that they are n't all the same year .
yeah totally understandable to me ... .yeah it did bother me for a minute then it became something interesting to think about .
obviously that thought process only becomes relevant when a scientific thought process is applied to the game like op provided ... before and even during that thought process it is still understood this is science fantasy but as someone who enjoys science fiction it would be pleasing if a consistent scientific thought process was applied to the plot .
especially since the people at bungie are dedicated so such an impeccably tight yet expansive universe
i believe the last known '' whereabouts of this man was that he jumped the fence across the street and fled into the grass .
i was really impressed to go on r/panthers last night and see 99 of the sub saying what cam said is not okay . ''
i feel like fans always come to the defense of their players/team no matter what .
and maybe there is what even insider dan rather called the burning tire syndrome which is a vigorous shunning .
blum himself was shunned after rogue state came out his college speaking career '' was immediately terminated .
so you have julian assange noam chomsky sam harris and many others who hold their tongues and even sibel edmonds and abby martin are careful what they say .
the rest of us peons '' know this all too well know that we live on the margins and always will as long as this regime is in place .
what i personally marvel at is that these very same media and political figures will eventually be known as traitors to the hope that was once america and enablers of international criminality .
my friend used one in his office before he migrated to indihome fiber .
from what i remember he complained that latency is quite high and is not good for gaming .
in fact i think that change would make gunslinger especialy too strong in pvp .
occasionally i was allowed to hand out shoes at the bowling alley my aunt worked at 20 for the whole night but i got to talk to all the cute girls .
it was probably the latter that set it off .
may you crush many teemos on your climb to the top .
does n't matter to me as long as i like the woman they 're attached to .
home 2nd leg is a huge advantage i remember reading a statistic somewhere that in euro 2 leg playoffs the team playing at home goes through 60 of the time
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you may not have a story in your title .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title.questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for askreddit .
rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for askreddit .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
can you just take it to any at t store ?
wow so it 's not just cam that 's stupid .
i do n't know what the laws are through the states but an previous employer in oregon ca n't legal give a reference only confirm dates of employment .
it a not like people do n't occasionally discuss but it 's off the books and generally considered a no go .
no reason to give two weeks here really unless you are planning on using someone in the company as a reference .
yeah ca n't have any heroes having fun mechanics now can we ?
hopefully they remove lucio 's speed boosts from jumping while wallriding too .
ca n't have lucio flying around like an f/18 either .
it 's too hard to hit him and just not fun to play as !
reminds me of the smoking lounge in the houston airport .
ars are growing boys and they need all their 450ma 's !
if in the us ss medicare federal possibly state income taxes see your tax office for rates and payment schedual
who cares about bandwagoning just pick a fun team .
pick from warriors thunder celtics cavs wizards rockets spurs clippers raptors pelicans ?
underdog fun teams might be philly kings suns and lakers but i do n't really expect them to be like playoff contenders this year .
fat boy belt http twofoolsleathergoods.com/fatboy-story is the only one off the top of my head that does n't have any exposed metal so it shouldnt be able to wear through shirts .
maybe someone else might know of others that do n't have an exposed metal buckle .
i 've only found use for mine while camping .
it takes about 36 hours of direct sunlight to fully charge the battery .
i am happy with the double yolk one as long as someone else eat the yolks .
you have a woman 's bout in the prelims and on the maincard .
anyways if you wanted a reason that would be the best guess imo .
otherwise as you said it does n't make much sense .
as you said the prelims have more exposure so it does n't appear anyone is losing out .
so this is my first time trying to write my own riddle .
it 's rather simple because i have no idea how to make it more complex .
let 's hope people see his side apart from that awful email .
actually let 's see more people see that awful email they sent him and more .
also i know it 's pretty low for me to say but he should bring up the fact his wife is black .
i mean it 's the easiest way to prove he 's not racist .
basically yes if you 're on global and no if on japan .
i had no complaints about the vip system to begin with but it 's really cool how turn 10 hooked it up by restoring it back to normal .
i 've done it 3-4 times so far and it always dominates .
although my duo and i tend to rush zz'rot instead of the sion going full ad .
we just hard shove since we have aoe pressure and immense cc .
no there is a fee you pay for a background check instead of going to the government it would go to this organization .
more people are able to get around what 's the problem with that ?
this could be totally wrong but it seems that because the strike price is so high and the expiry is relatively close the two have become disjointed from one another .
people see that the strike price is unattainable by march and therefore lose interest in the warrant .
conversely the acer stock itself is doing well enough that people are buying it outright .
i think japanese brands have more variety than korean i have bought dark reads plums i have seen bright pinks nudes beiges ... no blue or green yet though .
blackplayer music player https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.kodarkooperativet.blackplayerfree free rating 90/100 search for 'black player ' on the play store https play.google.com/store/search ? q=black+player
what is wrong owning a tool that has the potential to kill ?
should 've told them to play soldier if you wanted them to learn but i guess sniper is the main pick for pretty much every new player .
i have a problem with this because the term seems to make the broad assumption that men are being sexist when they speak with women whether or not this is actually the case .
it 's not saying that all men are sexist or that everything a man says to a woman is sexist .
it 's attributing a sexist motive to a condescending speech act in a particular instance .
if you think it 's sometimes fair game to attribute motives to actions i do n't see why you would object to the existence of the term mansplaining '' though you could still take issue with individual instances of its application .
the term mansplaining '' as multiple people have pointed out to you refers to the specific behavior of a man condescendingly explaining something to a woman who knows at least as much as him about the subject matter because of a presumption of superiority based on gender stereotypes .
i could understand if your claim was that the term mansplaining '' is used too often or in bad faith in circumstances where the man was not being condescending but there 's nothing inherent in the definition that assumes that all men behave like this all the time .
that 's why the term mansplaining '' is useful it 's a specific kind of condescending behavior and it 's a specific kind of sexist behavior .
if a white person uses a racial slur against a black person i could say she is being offensive but i could also say she is using hate speech .
this does n't imply that i 'm saying every time a white person says something to a black person it 's hate speech .
it does n't even imply that i 'm saying every time a white person says an offensive thing to a black person it 's hate speech .
similarly if a man with no degrees explains to a woman in a phd program something trivial about her own field of study an experience i 've actually lived through i could call that mansplaining '' without implying i think men are always being sexist when they explain things to women or even that there 's always a sexist motive behind men speaking condescendingly to women for instance i have a friend who can come across as quite patronizing in how he speaks .
there are times where it feels like he 's really talking down to me which is annoying and condescending but i do n't consider it mansplaining '' because i know he talks that way to everybody regardless of gender .
jinbe is not excluded from having some comic relief once in a while .
remember how much of a big deal was it for him naming the plan back at fishman island
i wonder how much mcdavid got for that crappy rogers commercial
she may be busy with the wedding or something else out of youtube ?
why would n't the eu just place a levy on the uk till they pay .
they 'll fall into poverty at that point and beg to pay it back .
they can either pay it back while they have a functioning economy or pay it back after its crippled .
i 'd think i do n't know but it 's likely they 'd pick the former .
even without extensive levies and tariff they 'll have a hell of a hard time .
after that they have three choices the us which operates with the eu trading block so difficulties there china and then russa india a far far last place .
which i have noticed china started moving in what last week .
how low they 've fallen to give themselves over to the chinese for help .
which explains the heavy push for all that internet censorship and such .
well either way you were planning on shooting people and blowing them up .
well except for the part where only non-white people were specifically denied access to housing and loans by law .
not saying that means poor white people had it easy but the poor minority people had to deal with all the same being poor shit as white folks and massive state-mandated discrimination on top of that .
a winchester model 1894 in 30 wcf manufactured in 1902 .
i was just browsing ig and stumbled upon a video from jerrod blandino apparently tf is making shoes now ?
even though i love fun and quirky shoes i just did n't like these at all .
and do n't even get me started with the phrase written on the box the whole in a room full of this do n't be a that '' is just so 🙄🙄🙄🙄
a lot of what you are saying is opinion based .
while this system is not perfect by any means it is a start and better than what we currently have .
as you said resources are easy to farm but the components being difficult is your opinion .
i 've never had any issues farming components whatsoever and actually find it very easy to get what i need when i need it .
the update is n't even out yet so i think people genuinely need to just calm down for a bit and not fight over a system they do not know all of the details to yet .
we do n't know how much the workbenches cost and how much health they have .
and to many components are not really that much of a grind to collect .
and with blueprints if you have invested yourself into a server and learned enough components then there is no reason to leave that server when raided although we do n't know how much workbenches cost resources are still not difficult to collect .
as i said i think people need to stop fighting over a system they have n't even played yet and actually take the time to play it before they pass judgement and call it a failure .
also going off of the question you wanted answered above from what i understand your thinking is that once you get raided then you will quit you as in everyone in general because people are so far ahead of you .
and to an extent yes people will be ahead of you but with the new system from how it seems to be explained so far you will have the blueprints still unlocked and as you also said resources are not difficult to farm so the workbenches should not be a problem for most .
while you find them very grindy to farm a large majority of players really do not find it that way at all .
i have about 3k hours and have thoroughly played all three systems .
and by far any server i stayed on lasted much longer within the blueprint system .
and with components right now everything was so easy to obtain that it killed server life quickly .
so when combined it not only gives people a reason to stay but also should help servers stay alive longer as you can not just magically make everything immediately after learning it .
sorry this is super long but i wanted to give you a legitimate answer to your question .
smacss will not lead you into double delimiter hell .
they do it to the sheep when working them from the front .
also contributes to their stalking behaviour when they skulk low to the ground herding from behind .
so they can do this but not transfer my credits from pc to ps4 ?
two weeks old and you 're already getting upset about what people have to say to you about being a parent ?
you sir have a very long road ahead of you .
take my advice and ignore all the noise that does n't come out of the two most important people in your life .
guard your heart bro because this is the time when you are super vulnerable to people .
last night my daughter 3 said i really like you daddy ! ''
when i got with him the last time he 'd been to a doctor was when he was about nine years old .
so now i schedule all of his appointments which is fine because im kind of a control freak .
he 's also deathly afraid of doctors and pretty much anyone in the medical field being near him bit he 's been getting better .
oems do n't have control over that that 's how intel does it .
mobile i5s have it but desktop i5s do n't .
at my university large open areas whether grassed or not are called malls .
just being able to share what you 're feeling and going through with another person kind of helps .
for me it makes me feel like my problems matter and i do n't have to be alone .
unfortunately not many people care what you tell them .
if you do n't have anyone to vent to that will really listen it kind of builds up inside of you and it 's claustrophobic .
the oktoberbrawl people are all streaming personalities though ranging in personality .
if you watch streams but do n't follow the competitive scene it 's reasonable to not know any of the competitors even pavel .
i can no life and i 'm not in the top 100 .
it 's pretty strange compare black panther or monster hunter girl to ryu and fucking spencer and it 's night and day .
his orbs are mostly used on mobile dps/flankers to keep them alive behind enemy lines or to keep your back line alive when a flanker dives them use harmony and discord to change the flow of a duel .
the healing is usually too weak to use on tanks as they soak so much damage .
positioning yourself far back and on high ground if possible similar to soldier 76 .
you want to be far back enough that you 're actually hard to dive or far forward enough that your team can protect you .
this will depend on the enemy teams initiation style and how well the round is going .
zen is more of a dps than healer if you do n't have a main healer you should definitely swap off .
everyone confessed their secrets and they even got positive answers .
for some reason akari 's cute maid '' persona was among the confessions .
i hope karen recovers her halo at the end of the story i always found that story needed a resolution and i want to know how will she react once she discovers it 's used as the light of the student council room .
my store has 4-5 marshmallow that expire this month sometime .
ooh i should order this set with everything but the d10 from chessex and use this as my d10 !
thanks and yeah i was surprised to see the custom d10 as well .
here 's the youtube video he 's referring to https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qxjwvwxohpa
here 's a bonus why ben shapiro is a total fraud http alexsheremet.com/ben-shapiro-total-fraud .
it 's a lengthy read as it goes into detail pulling apart many of ben shapiro 's ideological positions .
so i posted earlier a screenshot of the pull itself but someone told me that 's not allowed thank you kind stranger !
this is my first multi on jp and got 3 ssrs and one of them is this guy !
i was driving during this wanted to pull over to take a pic .
trusted someone like you would do that and post it here .
screenshot taken now the m '' are multireddit i have but i think i made them from desktop https i.imgur.com/cuz0fyp.png
i think is difficult to establish causality between d2 release and that big decrease on this subreddit .
i can think of 1 major reason why june july august have such high traffic .
they are around summer holidays when the majority of the player base has free time .
and september is the month in na/eu/russia when people start school .
some countries start school at mid august others start at mid september .
this does n't mean the release of new games and the ageing of ow does n't have impact .
but probably not as big we could think of at first glance through those charts .
you have let go of the commands of god and are holding on to human traditions . ''
i have wedge biggs bistan and both phoenix ships at 7 just from fleet store and gw rewards .
i focussed on ship store for ships rather than zeta so i finish fleet 1 daily but normal arena apr 16 i make top 50 but i do n't have cls either .
there is something that i do n't like about it already .
i use the pink ones to parry cause they are kinda easier than the cotton candy trio ... otherwise theres the pink wheel that pops out in the third ?
probably still thinks he should have been drafted 1st hahaha
it is n't atomic decay but transitions from one state to another .
that 's exactly what was going to happen to bch too according to this sub ...
i work as a customer service rep at a bank so am pretty qualified to give you some advice here .
what you 're really asking here is what bank should i have a chequing account with '' because debit cards are all about the same .
what you want to look at are any transactional charges fees and monthly account maintenance fees .
by and large all banks have chequing accounts that have no fees on transactions and no monthly account fees .
the important thing is not be caught out and use a savings account for everyday transactions by mistake seen some seriously high fees for people who got caught out here .
i mean considering the fact that debit cards are essentially the same across banks and so are chequing accounts i 'd base my choice on other factors like distance to nearest branch preference of keeping profits in nz or not that bothered by australian banks customer service ease of contact existing customer satisfaction levels stuff like that .
choosing between different banks honestly only really makes a difference if you 're going for things like credit cards home loans term deposits etc .
debit cards and everyday accounts are all basically the same .
go on all their websites and run through the fees is my best advice .
i responded to this point in my reply to devlkore .
okay i like to think that i 'm a really good varus but can someone please explain why cody went rageblade ?
i 'm trying to consider the options and reasoning but since i ca n't see a full build or total gameplan idk
is it this dudes job to sit on the train ?
but if it is indeed his job how is he able to play video games whilst doing it ? ?
as a person who had n't many friends because he had a larger volcabulary and enjoyed the company of older kids or adults compared to my same age mates i would say that making friends can be taught .
the methods varies from kid to kid and the degree of self isolation they put themselves in however i think that by talking about him about why he does n't enjoy other kids company you could come out with a strategy/suggestions for him to rectify that .
tl dr do n't take his low socialization as an intrinsic part of his personality take it as something he has n't fully learnt yet .
where are most of your clan members located us but we 'll happily accept people from any timezone !
when do you usually play most of us are adults with jobs so mostly evenings but we have people in many timezones you can usually
what is the best way to contact your clan psn messaging my gamertag is cmbeezy is fastest .
tell us more about your clan level 5 clan on ps4 .
we 're a laid back casual clan that 's rapidly growing .
just want to have fun and help each other out .
ca n't play destiny all the time eg those who have real life stuff that they have to work around work family school etc
want people to do the raids nightfall strikes and crucible with
want clan perks without having to do anything for the clan
those who are worried about the commitment requirements of joining a clan
we 're super laid back play when you want no requirements !
we 'd love to have you on board as part of the elite unit 17 .
after you 've joined add some of the clan members on ps4
if you 're bored hop in a fireteam and let 's blow stuff up together .
that 's cool you still earn clan xp and you still get clan rewards !
https www.bungie.net/en/clanv2 ? groupid=784432 or message me on psn or bungie.net for an invite .
it should be no surprise the tuxedo cat 's natural elegance would find itself among table decor
what i have beef with is rather that ms is trying currently sell their vr implementation as something else than other vr tech is doing now .
it looks like they try to make people think getting a ms mixed reality headset they presented is something completely different and more superior than it actually is .
in very broad terms of vr/ar/mr you either choose hololens for ar or one of those wmr headsets to have vr .
if i buy samsung odyssey now i 'm getting a vr headset with vr experience .
the differences are in how it 's achieved inside-out tracking better display and that in enables windows in vr but otherwise it 's just vr '' .
if i want something actually closer to a broader mr experience vive would be a better choice with their use of camera video feed .
united have a problem with not agreeing to anything negative and mass downvoting but this is also offset with huge bias against united .
chelsea and arsenal have mass numbers on reddit but arsenal fans are mostly very humble and have self insulting humour .
tottenham fans i 've come across do n't give a fuck about anything apart from their own club .
also their players are very underrated on this sub .
their sub is an absolute shit hole filled with delusion .
their rival thread yes i should n't be complaining about a rival thread about a rival is filled with loads of negativity and absolutely childish comments .
like i 'll play with 3 other friends at times and the 5th slot will be some random and 4 times out of 10 in the past month i played they 'll ether get salty due to you picking a operator they wanted to play or see you are with a group of friends and throw the game by tk or being completely useless by getting in the way or breaking down barrers ppl put it .
like how salty can you be if someone picked your favorite operator .
we have almost 60 years of track record in the us to show that restriction citizen access to firearms lead to much higher violent crime and getting rid of those restrictions lowered violent crime rates again .
yep in my opnino that is more cancerous than a 10 sec highlander .
talon is just ridiculous because he does n't get punished for making mistakes he can just simply roam to somewhere else and pick up a few kills on brainless botlaners and then come back to lane 3/3/0 and youmuus and wreck your midlaners ass
15-25mg daily.. dude thats a fucked up high dose .
harry 's birthday is like a full chapter every year but what did hermione and ron get for their birthdays ? !
i purchased the vehicle in england and shipped it across the atlantic vehicles there are compared to my home inexpensive .
this is a diesel and it gives me approximately 35 mpg .
i broke out my over the knee boots yesterday and i 'm soo happy they are so comfortable and warm .
considering this test is known as unreliable and might as well be the modern equivalent of astrology .
also i 'm doing item requests takes like 2-5 mins to get
h 100 csgo keys w rl keys 10:26 or 1:3
if you want something else and dont see this item here contact me !
creator of the map refuses to give rights to port it to cs go
i 'm surprised that the thing that made you think im suspicious is my top pp plays which are literally just farm maps not my plays that are actually impressive lol
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sub if you have any questions or concerns .
took about 10 hours and 20 minutes for us .
i could not walk well for 3 days after .
didnt they write that they arent releasing louder than bombs ?
the modern fantasy novel scene '' is largely dominated by the anglophone community .
translated works from other languages are a minority and aside from influential exceptions like narnia harry potter or his dark materials novels targeting a younger demographic are mostly shunted in a seperate category from fantasy targeted at adults .
this contasts with the literary fantasy culture in continental europe where especially in the 70 's and 80 's children 's fantasy literature took a central spot with many works straddling the boundaries with the historical fiction or sci-fi genres and often having philosophical overtones also appealing to older readers .
thea beckman 's crusade in jeans and the children of mother earth trilogy .
most of these are well known in their countries of origins as well as neighboruing european countries but they never made much waves in the anglosphere .
but do try to give them a shot if you can find english editions .
only if the host doese n't have a requierment of 400 hours to play big bank i had 370 hours at the time .
yeah i miss the posts saying must have gally at a certain level like i miss another hole in my head .
plus they got nerfed as they were op in pvp .
cute south park reference shame it 's coming from s kid i main ana have since launch .
did the nerf suck yea but it 's because she made the meta unfun .
just leave the key under the mat i wo n't leave any mess 😃
but seriously thank you so much for that offer it 's very kind of you ☺️
it does buff her rez with range already why are you people so desperate for constant rezzing ?
do n't you realise how frustrating that is for everyone ?
blizzard knows this and that 's why they are fixing her .
i do n't know a whole lot about taxidermy but this does look pretty well made .
sure there are tons of idiots talking like that fanboys are fanboys everywhere .
the problem with apple i think is that attitude is more top-down and money-based so it bothers me more .
like i said nothing too rational just a gut reaction based on experience .
there 's no question iphones are top-notch devices especially if you own a mac too though i 'm really dubious on the importance of soc power .
even as they are inferior qualcomm socs are still more than enough for everything and performance is more about software optimization if you ask me .
it only had whatever anything else had as hardware but it trumps all of them in real life performance .
i just do n't see where i would put all those a11 numbers to use .
it 's gon na be important in stuff like ar but that 's at least a couple of years out to become important if you ask me .
there is a rarely used loophole to this you can face federal and state charges for the same crime .
it 's rare but occasionally one will prosecute an already decided case .
and since in spain the legal actions are impossible for catalans to achieve which is what lead the catalans to try civil disobedience the eu is telling catalans the only option to be taken seriously is to become violent .
what it looks like after your homie demon rapes your girl .
yeah i think this is the part most readers are having trouble with
she 's the first healer getting a burst and it did n't aged well .
ysh bsb is far stronger for the insta heal in cmd1 and the bubble 30 hp from the burst itself .
i figure establishing a working relationship with my cover artist for this first project will help me in the long run .
i 've never heard anyone say i am a plumber ask me anything '' either but that 's internet culture for you .
we have a whole lexicon that can only be found on internet forums and no where else .
i 'd like to see tuchel after heynckes but before nagelsmann so that nagelsmann can earn some experience first and we do n't have to buy him out of his contract .
i 'd skip that one as it leaves open the idea he might put bigger things in his mouth .
run with nothing but lines that say how straight he is those asking have just outed themselves .
keep it simple anyone mocking him re this is a homo who his brother blew and that 's not his bag baby .
eventually you get to the stage people do n't want to suggest it as it comes back at them .
when you are 15 the best defence to homo ! ''
or anything is you let my brother suck you off ?
i think its pretty clear who the homo is here ''
he 'd be sort of throwing his brother under the bus but well he 's already there if he parents are remotely sane that brother is never returning to that school .
is the cost of living out there really high ?
cause there 's no way the hourly rate it that much in ontario .
rocksmith gives you a great base but if you want to take guitar more seriously i can not recommend a teacher enough .
a teacher will give you direct feedback and help you correct mistakes and teach helpful techniques .
this is just a insurance for me if i ca n't get one on amazon de .
but from what i 've heard i should n't be expecting that high stocks .
so paying that around 50€ is for me kind of a insurance .
loads of things which used to be considered declarations of war are no longer so such as attacking air bases with cruise missiles post 1991 .
i 'm actually planning for friday-sunday so cracker business must be done by then ?
the other was in reference to the white strings of citrus .
which also happens to be a valid definition along with yours .
violence without guns is better than violence with guns .
fuck the rights of the totally law-abiding folks so you can feel safer by having less than a 0.02 chance of being shot ?
the potential to get stabbed or bludgeoned will be the highest one next so better get to work on how to ban those things .
i think your 4th and 8th amendment rights need to go too while you 're at it .
stricter gun control keeps guns away from violent people .
you know fuck all about the topic at hand .
used prices are n't always low enough to incentivize .
often hard to get hold of along with a matching motherboard .
new motherboards cpus have extra features like nvme 4k netflix etc just not performance increases .
i 'm in the same boat as you maxed completely except for 3 lab upgrades pekka and lightning .
honestly i want to know why every season he gets to be the point man on the pp ?
his biggest threat is to throw a weak wrister on the net or pass to the wing .
the defense barely respects him up top and they easily slide to the wings when he moves the puck .
is he only there for defensive protection and zone breakouts ?
i get dumba makes stupid decisions so you ca n't put him up here and he is your second right handed shot on the pp2 wing but how about spurgeon or something .
hi i posted here yesterday about my roommate dead and lease issues .
my work pays you in a debit '' card that is automatically loaded with your paycheck .
you pretty much ca n't avoid it your first paycheck but can set up auto deposit afterwords .
i have this deposit set up albeit too late to avoid the card .
today i called payroll who said if the card had n't arrived it is most likely lost and i 'll have to order a new one .
i can not afford to not be paid today .
i have three large bills coming in today and tomorrow and not enough money to cover even electricity .
is there anything on my side to get paid on time ?
thank you for your patience i 'm not in a good place right now and appreciate any help .
any mods that add underground or crime related activities ?
i sort of want to play a play trough where i am part of the underground of skyrim like crime bosses and illigal activities
i made my own 2h axe sunder build and i need help optimizing it .
i ca n't seem to get more than 200k ish dps and my life pool is really small .
my budget for optimization is 3ex so i ca n't get a 6 link or a disfavour right now but i will get both as soon as i acquire the currency .
for path of building my character is the level 86 marauder/berserker in harbinger league .
it has black tips which feel a little different then metal more powdery .
however after using them a few times the black part is already scratching away and showing the metal beneath .
so what 's the point of these black tips ?
yes i 'm sure by now a lot of you are familiar with mr. kellogg and the reason behind his invention .
if you are not it is worth looking into for the sake of research .
but there are other interesting things about him are his views against the religion vs science argument instead seeing the connection in the two his views on sexuality and sexual arousal his views on health smoking drinking etc .
i 'm not saying to worship the guy because there are some things about him that you wo n't like .
but he had views on health diet and masturbation that i know will interest a lot of views .
i share a lot of his views and get criticised for it but 1 .
as a result of this man 's outlook it 's likely that 's why he lived a long life had fortune not just money and was woke as hell .
there will be blood is one of my favorite movies .
to me it is practically a horror movie ... plainview is the evil determined cutthroat capitalist that will do anything to succeed even corrupting eli along the way by forcing him organized religion to compete in a capitalistic world .
daniel plainview is a great character and imo is daniel day lewis ' best performance .
i did n't want to post this in a film sub because there is already a ton of film geeks that have posted their analysis on it .
i would like to hear from conservatives on this light topic .
my vender used to have delicate feed about a month or so ago .
i am wondering who uses trading signal groups here why or why not ?
appreciate it and curious to see your guys ' opinions !
me and my husband of 12 years finally opened up .
the search has been ... . we 'll say a good effort .
more time and effort on my part so the idea is to find a good couple who we can jive with play around swap it out and have playmates for life .
only thing is that hubby either does n't like the girl or their girl do n't like my guy .
this morning he says we should just do our own thing it 's too hard to find couples .
i just do n't know how i 'm going to feel about going it alone .
the following post by krisbkh is being replicated because some comments within the post but not the post itself have been silently removed .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
just read a blog by jimmy song regarding opt in replay protection .
what i took away from this is that after november 18th or so i have to send a transaction to a specific address to opt in .
can any one explain this to me like i 'm 5 please
repost as previous post was taken down because of the 24h rule .
with the current chapter it is even more likely that we will see luffy getting a power up during his battle against katakuri .
many have speculated that sanji baking the cake and nami and co 's time frame might have been different so it 's possible that at this current point in time sanji might have been close to finishing the cake .
however in this chapter oda finally revealed the eta to the cake 's delivery 10 hours .
that is a really long time and from the looks of things there is no way luffy is gon na survive that long against katakuri .
luffy grabbing brulee and trapping katakuri is also another option although it is highly unlikely as it just feels kind of lame as a final fight to end off wci .
furthermore katakuri being able to see into the future would most likely be able to stop that from happening .
moreover even if this does happen what is luffy gon na do for the rest of the 10 hours ?
waiting around with nami and co for sanji to finish baking the cake while satisfied with having katakuri trapped in mirror world would just make things kinda anti climatic .
imo the ending would somewhat be like the luffy vs lucci fight where the crew would end up anticipating luffy 's return from the mirror world victorious before fleeing the island entirely .
luffy will most likely get a power up that will allow him to fight an even and prolonged battle against katakuri much like in the luffy vs cracker 's case .
however in this case gear 4th would be unlikely because luffy can only maintain gear 4th for a short duration and this time round the eat the biscuit and run around situation is not viable .
the most probable power up is likely to be awakening at this point .
katakuri has already shown himself to be an awakened user in the latest chapter as like most of us expected .
luffy getting awakening might allow him to fight katakuri evenly and maybe eventually coming up slightly on top at the end of the 10 hour time frame .
it is also a opportune time as this will give us something to anticipate as the crew goes up against the beast pirates and we can see how well luffy 's new power up will fare against kaido and his commanders before probably getting another power up to go up against kaido .
i 've just about had it with my windows 10 laptop .
i 'm in college and i guess college students get a discount .
i also live near an apple store so should i go in with some paperwork proving that i 'm a college student ?
best spots for the stickers one of a handful fn howls with this ibp positioning .
so i just started farming some stone from multiplayer .
i know that after your first 10 players you play with you only get 3 stones each afterwards .
what i was wondering is do you keep getting 3 stones from everyone you play with or does that eventually run out too ?
is there a way to increase the size of the comments/markup pane so that it consumes half of the page ?
the document itself contains legal text that is then heavily commented on in the comments pane with the amount of text in the comments pane often greatly exceeding the amount of text in the actual document .
i 'd like to adjust it so that they are at least 50:50 .
dr.pk gupta is the best sexologist in delhi best sexologist doctor top sexologist sex clinic sex specialist sex consultation premature ejaculation treatment in delhi penis enlargement clinic in delhi erectile dysfunction treatment in delhi india male sexual problem treatment sperm treatment in delhi low sex desire treatment etc .
that your sex life is suffering because of it then you might be in the need of medical treatment .
i 'm not certain if there will be any q and a at the expo for the elite sessions but i can certainly ask individual developers questions .
so if you have any questions you would like me to ask please post in this thread .
hey guys so i have managed to build bw tokens in every format minus vintage and pauper .
does anyone have some bw token brews for pauper .
i know mono white is strictly better but we all enjoy a good durdle every now and then lol .
i 'm stuck at migrating a python app from using sqlite3 library to sqlalchemy so that the app becomes database independent .
at most places in code i 've used unbound parameters question mark in select insert update etc .
but in order to use sqlalchemy i must add named parameters such as this
session.execute select from user where email email '' 'email ' 'admin foo.com ' .fetchone
i tried using unbound params and pass them in a list instead of dictionary like this but that threw an error
i even tried tuple instead of list but that too did n't work .
the problem is that there are so many sql statements throughout the code that it will be tedious to add named parameters at each place .
does anyone know how do i use unbound params with sqlalchemy ?
there are even more plausible scenarios for societal breakdown .
suppose the government was ineffective during 2007-08 financial crisis failure to act quickly would make all the banks to go bankrupt and essentially no one would have any money .
and then the road is clear for all kinds of bad stuff to happen secession suppression of political dissent martial law etc .
from u/pavlik\_enemy on what is the modern day purpose of 2a ?
i have never mined any crypto before only bought with fiat .
i am a huge fan of the potential of golem and would like to participate from day one of brass 's release .
am i right in saying brass will only use cpu and not gpu for its network ?
if so i am looking to upgrade my old processor and would i be best buying an i7 7700k processor and using that ?
if the market cap of golem theoretically goes up 10 times in 5 years then surely the gnt i acquire will be worth the electricity and hardware cost .
he provides so much good content ... yes some is over the top but he just started and needs to figure out his limits .
but since when is it bad to troll people in real life yall shitposting and trolling all the time .
whats the craziest thing you have done go outside ?
when you gon na hate go to another subreddit .
b/o 52 keys or 10 overpay for items 57 keys
we are two weeks away from an announcement on the anime .
for those that are following along the new animation will be announced at the event of fantasia bunko .
also they are holding a contest to name the next season .
im 210 and 5'11 pretty solid muscle but not contest lean .
i would like to take novadex and chlomid for my pct after my bulk .
i took 10 mg s23 every 12 hours and lgd 4033 10 mg once a day .
my novadex and chlomid both come in 33mg per ml .
what are your suggestions for dosage on chlomid and novadex ?
i will be taking blue ox test booster to counter shutdown effects .
you can mute two people in a 3man group but they cant mute each other
there seems to be no voice chat settings in audio .
tried restarting the game remaking the group but nothing seems to fix it .
im looking for a solution application or script that let med state x number of applications that should be opend and set them on specific desktops .
it would save me lot of time based on what i plan to do ex webdev appdev or sound editing .
looks like devil 's pie might be doing what im looking for but the project are dead since long .
anyone has a suggestion or idea how to do this ?
i now have at least 54000000 experience points in the runecrafting skill .
what are some of the scariest things you 've witnessed ?
when i delegated my assistant to negotiate a new contract with my player he came back with an agreed wage 1yr contract .
i accepted this thinking the 1yr would be on top of the current 1yr ... .but nope 👎 thanks ea 👍
i know she is considered op but i seem to have serious issues with being her and would like to get better .
unpopular thing alert i play almost exclusively assault so that likely changes her opness or does n't at all please educate me !
my issue is that i build a regular tank build for assault with auras etc and i understand her abilities .
the problem i have is that i get consistently wrecked in team fights especially when i engage .
i try to go in cripple and stun for duration and use her damaging abilities to try and put pressure on the other team i even often save my dash to escape .
of course with heavy cc teams i get stuck and focused but even regularly balanced opponents seem to just pick me apart very quickly .
what am i doing wrong for these team fights ?
driving the backroads of the bruce peninsula ontario canada yesterday when i came across these freshly-hatched little guys and 9 of their siblings ... in the middle of the road .
helped them across and was on my merry way ... .
i have bought a few that are only usable with a white base and am looking for something that can be used without a white base coat .
the ones i 've tried are mostly sheer but i 'm wanting something more like a cream neon .
hey i 'd like to know how to enable player chats in matches like pro league and stuff while watching through gotv .
i purchased the optional insurance but ca n't seem to find out a lot of information about it other then the deductible is assessed when they receive the phone .
i hate the way i speak it 's just so masculine .
when i hear myself i hear either the high school boy i used to be or the queer dude i used to be .
it does n't help that i have a fairly thick aussie accent .
i do n't know if i necessarily have the speech patterns of a boy sometimes i do .
i do hear a more female speech patterns occasionally especially in the fairly rare occasion i get to be in girlmode .
all i know is i fucking hate how i speak .
i just want to hear her or in other words i just want to hear me .
i have a friend who helped cover up the abu ghraib scandal and ever since seeing the beheading of nick berg online i ca n't slice watermelon without imagining the terrible video that i saw .
we want to get just as excited as you are about your good news !
normally it is my duty as the tank to engage the enemy first but against bastion it almost feels impossible to find an entry .
i ca n't play winston against him for obvious reasons rein is a similar story .
dva is currently my strongest tank but if i manage to dive and kill the bastion he is getting rezzed instantly and all i achieved was feeding and losing my mech .
if i would n't be stuck on tank i would play sombra tracer or pharah but you know how ranked is dps mains play dps and the rest fills .
so i need some tips on how i as a tank can make a difference .
edit now when i think about it whenever i tank against an unkillable reaper i swap off tank and go dps because whats the point in tanking against a tank-buster that feeds from me right ?
mabe i can make the same swap against bastion ?
because he is supposed to crush tanks as well right ?
hey guys my pity-bonus just earned me a brand new millhouse manastorm !
that made me wonder if there could ever arise a meta where he could be an important part of some top deck .
4/4 for 2 mana is pretty neat although the battlecry is just so risky .
maybe some 1-mana minion that has the effect to cancel the battlecries from all minions or just your own minions could be pretty cool !
i could see a warlock card here with the demons like remove a mana crystal '' and deal 5 damage/3 damage to your hero '' .
so get creative and think about an expansion where he would be viable !
so there is this girl i 've been talking to for a little while .
she has hinted a few times that she would like to go on a date with me but i 'm just a little weirded out by the age difference .
or am i just being overly sensitive about a non-issue ?
last night i got to see the babe rainbow in brooklyn .
i figured this would be worth posting here because i 'm sure there 's a lot of overlap in the fan-bases .
absolutely awful they could n't stumble their way through any songs to save their life .
my expectations were low all they had to do was play the songs because they write good songs !
i 've heard this from somewhere else too maybe here maybe the facebook fan page .
if it was n't for the opening act maybird check them out the whole night would have been a loss .
people will be less incentivized to tip micro amounts .
you are much less likely to tip 0.0001 miota than 1000 iota .
iota tips must remain sincere if the purpose of the tip bot is merely to create adoption/interests than we will create a scenario where everyone is sick tired of seeing tip bots we 'll create a scenario where iota tips are downvoted by everyone for the greedy spam that it is .
also for all the normies that do n't understand economy/market cap it will give the impression that it 's a great currency instead of a zimbabwe dollar .
we must take our suspension seriously i see it as a last warning .
it keeps saying there 's no room but that 's wrong .
i have room for the building and it still says there 's no room .
is anyone else annoyed with how insurers use the claim of reasonable customary pricing '' to push back the cost of supplemental health care e.g .
stuff like dental cleanings orthotics medical devices etc to force the insured to pay for when a podiatrist or dentist or respirological needs even when your company or you are paying the insurer for coverage to reduce the variability and cost of these expenses ?
like what are we paying the insurer for if they wo n't cover the current cost of a local chiropidist 's or dentist 's rates because i 've talked to them and they 're not charging much extra for the frills they 're just barely breaking even .
i feel like the reasonable and customary pricing sheets need to be updated to reflect local conditions because they are not putting their chargemasters at rates of local practitioners but probably at the rates of like rural practitioners who can charge much less because commercial rental rates are so much lower in say elmira vs downtown kitchener .
just really frustrated with how often i end up having to pay extra for stuff that my insurer says they 'll cover in their benefits brochure but then ends up refusing to pay for all of it and wondering if anyone else feels the same way .
after you give me back my overpay items i offer 45k
i offer easy sell items for.your safety we dont need fake middle mans etc
if you are scammer try next door ive got my eyes open dont blink
so since ea battlefront 2 had gone into open beta today i thought i 'd give it a try .
upon attempting to launch the game i 'm greeted with a notification saying i need nvidia driver version 382.33 or later to play .
a few months ago i experinced black screens when booting windows with the windows creators update 1703 and nvidia driver version 382. ? ?
do n't remember the exact version but i managed to fix this by forcing windows into safemode and uninstalling the drivers using ddu .
i want to ask about your experience with winver 1607 and nvidia drivers 382.33 or later if you 've experienced any major problems and what the best '' popular driver is at the moment if that 's even a thing .
i really do n't want to go through all that hassle again with safemode and ddu even though it really is n't that big of a problem i 'd just like to avoid it .
edit uninstalled drivers using ddu installed the latest nvidia driver .
no issues yet and everything seems to be perfect !
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.politico.com/story/2017/10/06/economy-lost-jobs-in-september-2017-243532 ? cmpid=sf reduced by 52 .
the economy lost jobs in september for the first time in seven years .
the labor department reported friday morning that the economy lost 33,000 jobs down from 169,000 jobs added in august .
prior to the jobs report the bureau of labor statistics said hurricane harvey in texas and hurricane irma in florida could have quot direct and indirect effects on employment hours and earnings. quot the monthly jobs figure does not include jobs numbers for puerto rico which is still struggling to recover from hurricane maria .
september unemployment the report showed was 4.2 percent down from august 039 s 4.4 percent and the lowest level since february 2001. quot we do not believe the hurricanes had a discernible effect on the national unemployment rate quot wiatrowski said in his statement .
gus faucher chief economist at pnc financial services group inc. told bloomberg quot i don 039 t think this is indicative of problems in the labor market it 039 s because of the hurricanes. quot he added that quot the economy is in decent shape the labor market continues to improve and we 039 ll bounce back to job growth in the final three months of 2017. quot .
still elise gould senior economist at the left-leaning economic policy institute said in a statement that even factoring in the hurricanes quot such a loss-on top of net downward revisions in july and august-is concerning for an economy that is still recovering .
in order just to keep up with the working-age population growth we need to add at least 90,000 jobs a month . ''
summary source http smmry.com/http www.politico.com/story/2017/10/06/economy-lost-jobs-in-september-2017-243532 ? cmpid=sf faq http autotldr.io 226606 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords hurricane 1 job 2 percent 3 labor 4 unemployment 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i 'm especially interested in their foundations but all information about their construction is welcome .
after doing the supplemental update i noticed my keychain was screwed up .
i rebooted in hopes this would fix the issue but now i am unable to log in to the laptop at all .
anyone know where i can find some brand new tees on an eu/uk site ?
hi penpals i 'm looking for penpals to get to know and to write to about anything and everything .
i 'm an introverted extrovert or an ambivert as i think its properly known i 'm crazy about all animals but cats in particular always steal my heart i also love being in nature history 80 's music daydreaming old movies and so much more .
i 'm empathic friendly and definitely an old soul who feels like i was born about 100 years too late if you would like to be penpals id be happy to hear from you
giveaway none of them are ha but the ha is n't popular for competitive anyways .
afterwards tell me your in-game name the species level and pokeball of your deposited pokemon and the message you left at the gts .
edit the two togetics have been traded the rest are just togepis .
update i 'm gon na sleep for now keep requesting and i 'll get to it when i wake .
or not if you think it might get sniped .
bascially as the title states i go to the xbox store and i find the section where it says to join the open beta and when i go into it all i see is the option to pre order.i was eading several articles that stated you did not need to pre order it just those who did get 2 days early but i can not seem to find it anywhere ?
other my skins also up for trade cs go pubg feel free to send me trade offer .
watch out my opskins store link on my page there listed many other nice skins .
so i was browsing through a forums where you can have any picture as your signature from any site show up and while i was scrolling through a new page i suddenly get something like a malicious/malware block from my anti-virus eset saying it blocked this website which i would assume it was from someone 's signature .
so question is how do viruses transfer if it 's just from a single image from a different site
for the next major in january the major qualifier will end 4 days before the the major group stage usually we 've seen major stickers released 10 days before the major this means valve will not know what teams will be attending the major itself when releasing the stickers which leaves them with two options
1-make stickers for all 24 teams and release only 18 teams ' right after the qualifier
2-release stickers for all 24 teams before the major qualifier .
i think it 's going to be the second here 's my theory pick 'ems will start before the major qualifier they will include the major qualifier and valve will add a diamond pick 'em trophy like they did with operation hydra .
if you look at the wording in the blogpost they said contenders challengers legends '' as if including all three groups together the word contenders '' is a word we 've never heard before describing teams in the major qualifier to my knowledge .
this leads me to think that valve now considers all 24 teams to be part of the major maybe there will be a new contenders sticker capsule ?
maybe major qualifier games will be streamed in gotv ?
maybe we will get the whole major experience with the qualifier ?
tldr next major might include all 24 teams and stickers for all of them .
after killing a rune dragon it dropped a kethsi ring .
all my friends love it and have fun but i do n't know what the point is .
looking at a wiki and following the walkthrough step by step is boring .
please do n't tell me to do something else .
it 's just sitting there in the library and i do n't want to waste it .
below is a list of the deltas awarded in this post https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/74hrcj/cmv_since_the_election_and_especially_this_year .
please note that a change of view is not necessarily a reversal https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/index wiki_what_is_a_.27view.27.3f and that op awarding a delta does n't mean the conversation has ended .
for a full explanation of the delta system see here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem .
1 delta from op to u/586230 for if germany can survive hitler and turn into a respected european powerhouse i think we can turn it around after trump and you 're being a little dramatic .
1 delta from op to u/iustinianus_i for the united states has been through far worse than this .
we assassinated world leaders funded terrorists in proxy wars against the soviet union toppled democratically elected governments infected o ... https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/74hrcj/cmv_since_the_election_and_especially_this_year/dnyhjzq ? context=1 ''
awardedtext '' if germany can survive hitler and turn into a respected european powerhouse i think we can turn it around after trump and you 're being a little dramatic .
awardedtext '' the united states has been through far worse than this .
we assassinated world leaders funded terrorists in proxy wars against the soviet union toppled democratically elected governments infected o ... ''
i heard some rumors about mods to play online coop galactic conquest please confirm them to be true .
do the guys over at t_d water their lawns with gatorade because electrolytes ?
we 'll go over more if you show interest .
i always play the heck out of prototype drop zone when they add it to the featured list .
who else would like to see regular drop zone be added as a permanent game mode ?
i 'd like to get a macbook but would want it to last at least 6 years .
i have a 2007 macbook that has lasted me until now because i was able to replace the battery a few times .
since the 2017 batteries are glued is there possiblity to replace them to extend the life of the laptop ?
almost 4 months ago i uploaded the app ducats or plat for warframe '' to google play .
shortly after i submitted this https www.reddit.com/r/warframe/comments/6hkmon/ducats_or_plat_for_warframe_an_android_app_that post to r/warframe .
yesterday i released version 1.4 which has a lot of cool new features and fixes some of the complaints people were having .
ducats or plat is an app available for android that displays a list of all prime parts in the game .
the list has the average plat price the average ducat price and a ducats per plat '' number .
if this number is high you should sell the item to baro ki'teer if this number is low you should sell it to another player for platinum .
this is the main point of the app but it also has some other cool features such as in depth details about each item .
when i made the first post some people were concerned that the prices on nexus-stats.com were not accurate .
some people want to see what the average sell price is some want the buy price .
some want the absolute max price you can sell the item for by spending hours in tradechat looking for a buyer some want a low price that they can sell in minutes .
therefore i have added 5 different ways to calculate this price .
secondly i have made a script that updates every 30 minutes and send data about all the warframe.market buyers/sellers to my own database .
the script picks out the 3 highest buyers and 3 lowest sellers that were online ingame at that time .
in the app you can then select the average of just those 3 buyers
the average of the average of those 3 buyers and the average of those 3 sellers '' .
essentially where the result in the last 2 points would meet .
lastly i also have my own algorithm that looks at all the orders from warframe.market not just the ones that are online .
this option therefore going to be less volatile it will change less throughout the day/week but it might be less accurate .
this way people have a lot more options when it comes to plat prices .
in the past i have had people tell me that the prices in the app are too high and too low .
tell me what you think of this and if you have a better idea of how to calculate plat prices .
a lot of new players have little to no idea what the prime vault is .
the fact that some items become unfarmable '' is very important to understand when you want to make platinum by selling prime parts .
the fact that the date when items get vaulted can be predicted too is also important to know .
this way you can farm the items that are going to be vaulted and sell them after they are vaulted when they are worth more .
the app calculates by looking at the average time between the last 3 vaultings how many days there should be in between the vaultings in the future .
then it gives all the prime items an estimated vault date '' which is displayed in the app .
it also has a countdown of how many days are left until that day .
so if you look up akstiletto prime link it says there are 146 days left until it gets vaulted .
these dates might be a couple of days wrong de does not have an exact schedule but for new players that barely know of the prime vault this will be good information .
i add a list of all the relics that can drop the part you are looking at .
this way you do not have to look at the wiki for that information .
it also says if the relic is vaulted and how rare the item is in the relic .
the app also has some more data from nexus-stats .
nexus-stats has data about how many people have tried to buy and sell this item in tradechat the last 7 days .
this way you can figure out how long it will take you to sell/buy that item .
if there are barly any buyers for an item it might take a while for you to sell that item .
please let me know how i can improve the app more
i would like to thank all the people who downloaded my app and all those who left reviews commented on my last post or emailed me with their feedback and own ideas of how to improve the app .
i would also like to give a huge thanks to kilian from nexus-stats and kyckyc from warframe.market for letting me use their data for this app without those guys this app would not be possible .
this app has become a lot more popular than i anticipated and i owe all that to the warframe community .
the russian version of the latest update is not yet translated .
if anyone here knows russian and english and would like to translate the app that would be highly appreciated .
if you are chinese korean japanese or russian and understand english that 's awesome .
i need your help to link me to the biggest chat groups for your respective country .
does n't matter if it 's a forum social media website or mobile app .
anyone from destiny 1 will remember the content droughts but if you are new here they occur a period of time after a new release such as an expansion .
usually when most players had reached the light cap the only times returning to the game would occur if you had n't done something yet .
or an event like iron banner or trials returned .
it feels like this will be upon us soon last month we had an image for the first 4 weeks of destiny .
telling us what was going on and that is no longer the case .
which leaves the question is that because there is n't much else ?
i 've seen less players already on reset day almost everyone is on and getting the weekly things done .
but we 've gotten to the point where most of us do everything except the raid in one day some can do that on all 3 of their characters in that day .
but the day after the worlds appear a lot more empty the number of crucible players drastically falls meaning there are less matches between casuals and casuals becoming mostly hardcore crucible players .
iron banner is next week and as far as we are aware .
thats it we wont know if anything happens for the halloween season like d1 's festival of the lost either .
i think the problem here is the game is as wide as an ocean but as deep as a pond .
the content is there but is finished quickly we are starting to notice many problems and a lot of things are getting attention such as mida multitool in pvp .
it really is sad d1 right at the end of year 3 had so much to do with strikes raids and pvp .
the pve here is shallow and the crucible i thought i hated from d1 i miss .
was it a mistake to make destiny more accessible to new players ?
i know this is a lil crazy but i 'm thinking of starting watson over wilson .
the thing is i 'm already starting lamar miller and houston d so it might be overkill .
im getting a 502 error everytime i try to load ww anyone else noticing this ?
aang has mastered all 4 elements and is as powerful as when he fought ozai not counting the comet that raised to power of fire .
momo has dancing make of that what you will .
quote has the spur fireball blade bubbler rocket launcher booster and curly 's airtank .
curly has her machine gun snake nemesis booster and her air tank .
the setting will be set inside ba sing se in the luxurious part of it around where the avatar gang had their house .
we are not counting in game mechanics such as weapon levels .
i think it just barely edges out on quote and curly if aang does n't tap into the avatar state .
because of quote and curly 's weaponry and the fact that their natural durability as robots .
and that quote and curly can breath using their air tanks .
they can both fly which can give them the edge .
their weapons could break the gang since they are just regular humans with slightly better durability to crash into rocks and such .
the spur could probably rip through their bodies like this .
and a blade could be thrown or used as a normal sword .
and the speed could hit people who ca n't dodge fast enough or even see the projectiles such as toph and maybe the others .
the avatar side could still win if they worked together .
the constant barge of attacks could give quote and curly quite a lot of trouble .
so if she gets her hands on them it could be trouble as she could easily rip them to shreds .
katara could trap them in ice or pierce their bodies with ice .
aang could dodge all their attacks because of his speed and the fact that he is the best dodger in the group air bender .
and the avatar state would destroy quote and curly .
the lyrics are posted on genius but i ca n't find a working link or stream to it anywhere .
does anyone know where i could find this song ?
i am on a quest to find and learn as much about bright night flowers as possible hopefully being able to hear the whole thing in its entirety during my lifetime .
i will go to the ends of the earth to hear this album i swear it .
welcome to the daily general discussion thread of r/neotrader .
soon there will be a set of rules on the frontpage that will also apply here in the meantime as this forum builds itself as fast as possible .
i heard i could breathe in harmful carcinogens from the plastic heating up .
i was thinking of using the top of an apple cut off for the bowl .
india-vietnam bonhomie in full swing ... at the cost of china .
in my skrolk campaign the sotek dwarfs attacked me so i sent skrolk 's army to deal with them .
got into a fight of about even numbers but with them being dwarves that 's not a fight i like to have .
i had 3 uses of the menace below but i was n't sure it would do much good until i got an idea
1 cast menace below in front of the opposing army way ahead of my lines .
2 wait for the dwarfs to bunch up in order to kill my hapless summon .
i felt very much like an evil ratman while doing this d
i had this as a sample from lisa fresh alternative and decided i had to make an order .
this is one of the only yellows i 've tried and i have to say i 'm very very impressed .
the onset is pretty damn quick coming on in about 20m and has pretty long legs as well .
i 've been really impressed with lisa 's product and this may be my favorite strain yet !
not to mention the fact that her customer service is the best i 've ever had !
she has always been quick to answer any and all questions and has gone above and beyond everything a vendor is asked to do .
definitely give it the yellow vietnam from fresh alternative a try if you want some energetic euphoric aroma !
it 's thursday night so i 'm posing this early .
got to keep the old pearly whites nice and clean !
so the rrr is a early instead of late .
pnwest hopes that you are all doing well and welcomes you to the weekly rotten restaurant report which i am sure is the highlight of most people 's week .
the county state inspection website is still slow slow slow .
the reports are always posted a couple of weeks after the places were inspected but i doubt that that will ever change .
by law i think they need to make these reports available to the public but the law does n't say they have to make it easy .
they are probably making it hard to get the information on purpose .
these places are really doing a good job at keeping their kitchens clean .
we had a lot of inspections last week but nowhere near as many this week .
and now the moment you 've been waiting for ... . the rotten restaurants who scored worse than 85 .
i 'm a lenient grader and do n't post any place that gets and 85 or above .
anyway here are the low scorers of the week .
okawa steakhouse and sushi bend score 84 editorial comment do you really want to eat sushi at a place that scores 84 ?
if you want to know the specific details for any of the places you want to eat at you can always call the office at 541 322-7400 and ask them to manually look it up .
maybe if enough people call someone will force them to post the actual reports more quickly .
if you have time on your hands and want to check out the county state inspection site here 's the link https healthspace.com/clients/oregon/deschutes/web.nsf/module_facilities.xsp ? module=food
and finally as always time for the bonus video .
a self indulgent one if i do say so .
this is the guitar solo from jimi hendrix playing machine gun during the 2nd show at the fillmore east on new years eve 1969 actually new years day 1/1/70 by the time this was recorded .
during the first show jimi pulled out all the stops playing with his teeth playing behind his head playing behind his back .
at the end of the show he met bill graham who owned the fillmore east and promoted the show .
graham told him as long as he went out and pulled out all of the moves and tricks it did n't matter how his guitar playing was the crowd would always go wild for it but that was an easy cop-out .
for the second show jimi went out and remained nearly stationary on stage for the whole show one of his best shows ever .
when it was over he saw graham backstage and said that good enough for you motherf ker ? ''
and walked back on stage and play a 15 minute encore where he pulled every one of the stunts he was known for and sending the crowd home in a frenzy to welcome in the new year .
for all of you electric guitar players reading this .
tell the truth has anyone ever gotten so much out of box one on the 12th fret in the key of eb jimi was tuned a half step down ?
if this solo does n't reach down and shake up your insides there is n't anything in there .
jazz afficiandos this was miles davis 's favorite hendrix solo .
stay safe and have a great week see you next time .
interviews are conducted via online video chat and take between 60-90 minutes .
note interview times are listed in eastern standard time .
interview times are selected by candidates on a first come first served basis .
please choose the earliest available date that you can attend .
fill in your full name and select one time slot .
reply to this email with any additional questions or comments and do not post them to the doodle page .
once you have scheduled your interview i will send a confirmation email with the information you will need to access the video chat .
please let me know if you think it will be a challenge to participate via video conference and we will adjust accordingly .
the peace corps is committed to providing access equal opportunity and reasonable accommodations in its programs activities volunteer service and employment to individuals with disabilities .
to request an accommodation for the interview please contact me directly .
the interview will provide us with a chance to assess your fit for the peace corps .
it is also a chance for us to discuss any questions you have about how to be a successful peace corps volunteer or about the application process .
• the peace corps is a professional organization and we expect applicants to conduct themselves in a professional manner during the entire application process .
click on the link to read the blog post you 've been selected for an interview .
• thoroughly review the peace corps mexico country page .
• learn about the peace corps and volunteer life .
• i will ask you about past and current long term experiences that relate to the following
o failing to achieve a desired goal that was within your control .
try to share different experiences for each of these subjects .
• during the interview we will discuss any concerns about commonly faced challenges during service such as
o uncommon foods/lack of variety in diet altered living conditions and modifying appearance
o separation from family/friends/significant other geographic/volunteer isolation and perception of privacy
o traditional gender roles diversity and inclusion challenges in another culture and communal/personal religious views
• please review the peace corps legal questionnaire attachment and peace corps ' drug and alcohol policy both of which will be addressed during the interview .
my mom is bipolar and a compulsive liar she ca n't tell the truth about anything and i think she actually believes her lies .
my dad is an abusive piece of shit and can never be wrong .
if he thinks something he has to be right .
and if you provide evidence he is still right and that it was made up .
i 've been largely in the workforce in california for nearly 20 years and have always had coworkers that were black with dreads ... inconvenient truth for you
especially if you did n't even greet them in portuguese and asked if they spoke spanish
people do n't realise how much this changes first impressions and people 's willingness to help .
it 's really not hard to learn do you speak x '' in a language and it 's the easiest thing to do with the biggest gain especially in france .
so many germans tell me how rude the french are and how they refuse to speak english yet i 've never experienced it .
i either start with my bad french or if the topic is more complex i ask if they speak english ... never met anyone who was rude about the language and i 've been often to france .
hold the reload button and tell it to load without ad blockers and see if that does it .
note to self do this janky stuff in paper draft
its so hard to swallow your pride and seek out help before things go down the rabbit hole '' better to have professional help before things go real bad .
there 's plenty of companies that are reputable that build games if you fund them take a look at most youtuber 's apps they pay teams normally to do the work .
i 'm sure you could find someone or a team that would be willing to split revenue if you did n't have the capital to pay them but it 'd definitely be harder than just paying them .
there is a huge focus in england on getting in a good '' manager but international seems a completely different role to managing a club side .
they have less to work with less time they ca n't buy in players in the same way .
but look at our last good '' managers they all failed anyway .
i 'm happy to give southgate time he knows the setup knows the players .
the vendor is likely to argue that your use of the cloud services is subject to the service 's tos and is separate from the physical device .
the fact that you received the product as described and were able to make use of it for an extended period of time may also be a complicating factor .
if the device was sold under the promotion that this feature would be available it might be worth talking to the ftc about it for all the good it 'll do assuming you 're in the us substitute your jurisdiction 's trade practices department otherwise and you could talk to a lawyer about whether the change constitutes grounds for any kind of lawsuit but your first line should probably be to seek a refund .
as i said the intersection between network-mediated software realizations of product features and fitness for purpose/truth in advertising laws is not tremendously well explored yet but it 's possible there 's something you can do if a refund is not forthcoming .
i suspect your plans of using a free cloud service indefinitely were overly optimistic but there is a difference between going out of business the device breaking down due to external factors defects or age and the service provider voluntarily withdrawing service .
is the device still usable at all without paying a monthly fee even as a purely local security camera ?
you ai n't hangin ' in the hot tub with ben tj scotty or paul .
you have zero qualifications to make any kind of statement about what the entirety of the dp fan base is whatsoever .
there does n't seem to be an option to pick the resolution on your videos on prime you just need to wait for the application to decide your bandwidth is large enough to up the resolution and again and again until you 're in 1080p .
on my internet this takes a couple seconds so maybe your bandwidth is n't great ?
i specially liked ciutadan 's javier nart applauding the idea of a federalist spain .
i once asked for the spiciest thai green curry but i said make it spicier he must have added about 50 birds eye chillis because for once in my life i struggled to eat a spicy dish my eyes were watering and nose was dripping so bad that i used half of the serviettes on the table .
it took me a while to eat it but damn it was goood .
i 'm going nuts at these cards lol i hope bandai keeps it up .
the mechanics to play these decks seem like they will be sooooo much fun
when i first heard he was building one i think it was like jayztwocentz i figured it was more publicity for jay and terry crews was just jumping on the pc bandwagon .
i 've since heard him speak about it countless times .
i think it 's too late to study this for saturday .
vocab and idioms are a toss up and there 's no telling which will appear .
they also take a long time to remember 100 .
i 'd get woe is i '' a grammar book that goes over idioms really well .
for vocab just google a 100 sat word list and study .
then again there 's not enough time to do all of this .
vilgefortz never wanted apprentice he wanted her body parts .
this is my fantasy i need to go o colorado man
being from europe i could n't stay up and watch the game .
just woke up after dreaming that we had lost and i was nervous to pick up my phone and check the result .
now let 's go win the rest of our games .
but yeah the skin is pulled so tight it hurts to walk .
😩 i have mio but something in it hurts my stomach .
the dr recommended nuun which i have n't had since i was a runner but they are flavored and make your water fizzy so i might try that .
that 's ... . actually a really cool idea .
i never sell zanas or masters in general because it 's too much of a hassle .
this would make it very much bearable and profitable !
if you can make like 5-10c off a daily without too much hassle i bet a lot more people are willing to sell including me .
there should be a name for this though to get the group going .
as of right now navi would be the underdog in this match
be kind to your body or it can make old age living hell .
reading this thread it actually amazes me how far away from reality some stereotypes can be ... or better put how some news worthy photos have become portrays of everyday-life in another country .
schools generally offer the languages they have enough teachers for .
in east germany russian was the first foreign language so many teachers were trained for it .
so in the eastern states there are still many russian teachers which enables schools to offer teaching it .
rip huhu loyal to da end yung mga s3 .
i 'd like to see tools like this more widespread .
there is no fucking way that i would let a stranger into my house just because he said that he used to live there .
tl dr perfect characters are fun to create and boring to play .
the fun in d d is playing out the tale of how your perfect character came to be .
when i dm i use a simple rule for all characters
your character must have a character flaw and a redeeming quality .
a flaw makes a character interesting and gives them room to grow in more ways than just stats .
it 's something about themselves that they just work around or work to overcome ie .
i panic easily while under pressure '' or i desperately seek approval from others ''
a redeeming quality is why your character is likeable and because you need to give your fellow characters a reason to actually be friends with you .
ie i 'm always looking out for the underdog '' or my word is my promise you can always rely on me ''
it 's important that you can act out these traits it 's not enough to say i 'm a good person '' .
you need to be able to say my character would take this action '' .
also i 'm a badass and skilled at everything '' is not a redeeming trait because everyone in you d d group is trying to be a badass and succeed at everything .
not using their service would be a major catastrophe in my life .
you choose to be a citizen of your country .
thank you for your submission to r/videos however it has been removed because
your account is not yet old enough to submit content to r/videos at this time
please try again when your account is a bit older around a week while also commenting in posts to also build up some karma .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
they said we were supposed to manifest something ? ''
this land is now ours thanks and have a nice day ''
the mahem was great but yeah only for players and objectives .
the only one worth running for a streak killer was the stinger and that was pretty terrible .
wether it would be better to have 4 arms and no legs or 4 legs and no arms
i too think the catalogue is great and it 's app has become better with the april update .
so the left one is likely caffeine with a light painkiller and the right one the same with a sleeping aid instead of caffeine .
you can move all your positions from one broker to another .
also if you work with an international one they may be operating in spain and maybe you just could change the linked account to one in a spanish bank .
ing degiro ib they all work here in spain .
nice try but of course wrong as was to be expected .
jagex who have already explained several times that updates would not be balanced with limited accounts in mind should not waste time balancing game features around limited account modes . ''
i always thought the delay was because of janet jackson 's super bowl tit .
for me online gaming is a nightmare with go .
banlists/host bots/network tools can do that and are not hacks '' .
some servers considered drophacks in ladder games a baneable offence tho .
there will be people on the train unfamiliar with seinfeld that just think you 're a creep .
the tall building in the middle says cabaret 赤玉 probably just a name akadama '' .
the other one is too blurry for me to pick out the first last kanji .
you 're an ana main based on your flair supposedly so you should have understood better than others that she has n't seen that many changes .
i 'm sorry this is the real world where we call each other out on their bullshit but that 's just how it is man .
granted i suppose i ca n't expect much from someone that does n't know his ass from his elbow when it comes to ana addressing me as a moron '' .
if i 'm a moron yet i 'm more knowledgeable about a character you main '' then what does that make you ?
lack of experience for streams probably they will get better in time .
also i always keep this picture in mind during their devstreams there two huge guys in black suits ans sunglasses watchdogs from top management standing behind camera with hands on gun holsters in case streaming team says something they should not
is n't the beta meant to come out in half an hour or so anyway ?
with the current state of the world its highly on topic to celebrate every anniversary of anti fascist victories .
the protest itself is to deny access to a station not someyhing i can see fuel rats as an organization participating in .
more likely we will be refuelling people outside of that station ... in pg most likely due to all the gankers that usually drawn to such events .
what people do on their own is up to them though .
so will the son gohan be a good leader ?
considering you will only awaken when you feel like you are capable of ending the match in one turn or else you lose .
teach me a lesson so i could reiterate with an oral presentation
dont expect the same jumprange on your python tho the 27-30 is about all you can get out of it .
you shoud give a long range thermal vent beam laser 2x rapid fire burst lasers 2x overcharged multies a try beam down shields from long range and by the time enemies get close the fight is as good as over .
i 'll still take my python over my anaconda for missions that dont require long range travels any day .
tl dr yes and i have complaints about bread .
yep my friend in town was on the hoa board and i 'd just written the town history for its 40th anniversary .
they all sat there and watched my house get foreclosed on just sent that damn letter and that was it .
everyone except for one couple across the street who we 'd helped through their cancer battle .
i remember when i had to leave my husband in recovery and go home because we could n't afford a pet sitter or a hotel any more and i had to hope he would recover enough to drive back to colorado .
cedars-sinai have the worst guest beds of any hospital i 've ever stayed at .
but they also have the best spinal surgeon soooooo who cares .
i got back and that man was dying across the street and he strapped on his prosthetic legs and drove me to the grocery store next town over and bought me a week 's worth of groceries .
i knew they were struggling too so i went cheap potatoes tomatoes beans and rice and then he buys me three huge bags of halloween candy so i do n't have to miss out on trick-or-treating .
that was amazing because between his robot costume complete with metal removable legs and my three-legged dog and her pirate costume i would have been really upset to miss out on all the kids .
another problem with cedars is that on fridays they have a cart full of freshly-baked challah that they wheel to services .
they bring the challah right by the holyshitsurgery waiting room and then park it there waiting for the other carts and the entire waiting room fills up with freshly-baked bread and sobbing people .
i have never wanted challah more than when i was sitting there waiting to hear if my husband would live .
we do n't believe in hell really but i think they 'd invent one for someone who stole challah .
my religion hates my guts enough without me stealing anxiety challah .
and think of if he died challah would have been ruined forever .
i 've always wondered how my neighbor knew that i had no food but i 've realized in the retelling that i 'd lost 70 pounds in a very short amount of time and had mostly stopped eating from stress and from not having enough food .
i 'd been a size 22/24 some time back and came back from la a size 8 .
and i did n't have cancer so he figured that i was way too stressed out as a caregiver and needed some caring forced on me a little .
they end at 10 am or 1030 am eastern tomorrow .
then the gauntlet unleashed championship solos will be available from 1030 or maybe 1035 am eastern tomorrow to the same time monday morning .
no caws in this one if i do use caws then i like to keep them all on one show i do n't know why .
i 'm using 18 cruisers 46 lights 58 heavies and 14 supers and that 's using almost every unique superstar in the game .
i left out a few heavies because 58 is already too many but if i end up not liking the small size of the supers roster then i 'll merge the two shows together and downsize
thought i 'd do a quick mock-up roughly speaking .
i was going back and forth between adding jordan peterson 's '' above bucko '' but ultimately decided against it .
i 'm at about 4k for the last 45 days right now .
i suggest joining one of the forums http www.mturkcrowd.com or https turkerhub.com if you want to make any sorts of reasonable amounts of money .
it is important to note that i 'm very much on the upper tier of earners on mturk but you still likely could do well if you joined one of the forums .
on an average week these past few ones have better better than average i make at least 500 .
cuz you might lose advantage in jg without leash even possibly executed after several camps .
leash usually does not lose top laner 's advantage because he can still get the full wave after leash for his jg .
so you want humbuckers if you 're going to play heavy music other than that i 'd say it 's all whatever feels nice in your hands and what you think looks cool .
just took a peek at dean 's website and it looks like all of their guitars have humbuckers so you 're set !
it looks to like this code is doing exactly what you want adding all the values together and saving the result in the variable sum ''
what output do you get when you run this program and what is the output you wanted to get ?
i always put something unusual in gyms so one day sunkern came first so it was .
about 10 hours later i get picture from friend his tyranitar battling my sunkern with message will i be able to beat him ?
but the whole world view is secured by i want to live forever so how can this be rebuked by inner logic because there 's no other hope out there . ''
that 's what kept me asleep for so long probably .
she 's a wonderful person and a best friend .
but what i wish does n't mean it 'll happen .
i can only hope in my own skill of teaching her a better world view .
dane casually topdecked a faceless manipulator next turn to have 2 mal'ganis it was legit .
bring naked pics of your sister not mine you sick fuck
i 'm drunk right now so probably ignore me till tomorrow
this was actually brought up during y1 when people claimed activision sabotaged destiny story so people will buy cod .
my apologies you were clear and i lost sight of your advocacy for presenting the issue objectively .
i lost sight of that in my advocacy for a different approach .
my excuse is that i saw the situation blow up not her '' hence my general references to his failure .
with that clearer maybe you can help me understand better .
i see a paradox between his approach being good '' while judging her response to doing the right thing being bad '' .
are such reactions just a normal part of calling someone out on their bad behavior '' we should expect ?
my other concern as a general theory is it seem to excuse the passing of any judgment and dismissing the negative consequences of passing such judgment as truth hurts '' .
who wants to be right and an asshole nobody gives any mind to ?
um come to think about it could that be a thing ?
my snap jamesisbored420 ... talk to you soon we can also voice call i 'm very vocal
i try to push through the pain anyway cause i do n't want to miss my child 's toddler years .
made horse a senator priest and threatened to make it consul
what suetonius says is that there was a rumor he wanted to make the horse consul .
suetonius says that in a catalog of strange things caligula did for that horse .
it reads like caligula loved that horse so much he used to send it tidbits from his own table and ordered the city to be quiet when it was napping .
people even said he intended to make the horse consul . ''
1 there is nothing official which suetonius might have had that indicates caligula wanted to make the horse consul .
like people talking about trump wanting to fuck his daughter .
3 suetonius does n't say anything about making this horse a priest .
wikipedia cites barrett 's book for that tidbit and i ca n't see in google books on what evidence barrett makes that claim .
your forgetting the bloke from the labour party with the soviet era cap
i would n't talk to my husband if he did that .
and i would n't have to because i 'm pretty sure my mom and best friend would have plenty to say to someone who pulled that stunt .
we need to make a tv show about the constitution so trump can see what it 's all about .
did a speed test and it 's the same as it 's always been .
it looks fun and i 've waited for the switch version instead of other consoles .
young people these days ca n't even jerk off to their imagination anymore smh
i had a receipt for a meal where i asked for a shit load of chillies '' .
the receipt faithfully recorded a shit ton of chillies '' ... . it was a good meal .
your comment is n't useful either you are in the let 's do this thoroughly so maybe we save just 1 life but it will be worth it '' it 's a fallacy that is obsessed with public safety .
legislation should not be a clusterfuck of constant ideas that may save people constantly obsessing over the details and mental situations where maybe if we add by law poison ivy to grips of guns the shooter will be a little less comfortable and his aim will be worse so maybe 1 more person will be alive !
ban processed meats it will save thousands every year you worry about public safety when half the population is eating itself to death then do something that will work in saving people .
time to grow up and not bash a random stranger on reddit over your life choices
i want to take this moment to appreciate all the people on this sub who make it so wonferful .
the fateful day one server 's epilepsy clandestinely destroyed this person 's rectum
we all have to start somewhere so i forgive you mr pretzel
it 's intriguing but the menu does n't appeal to me .
welcome back to nm i hope you find your return prosperous and fulfilling .
careful salvaged shelves are a pretty rare bp in new system might take ya a couple wipes to get them .
do n't worry the barrels will give you plenty sign posts though
the goal was to score 4 runs and give up 3 or less .
the exodus set on nessus is awesome for a 0 mobility build .
use johnson buckling when the slenderness ratio is less than the critical slenderness ratio .
the wikipedia article has the formulas for the slenderness ratio and the critical slenderness ratio .
that said the wrs spanish jam eyes from 7/19 is one of my favorite dead moments ever .
literally any song you want is allowed to be your favorite song .
the amazing sounds of orgy gets a lot of love around here as favorite material .
b-sides are great just as much as a-sides sometimes .
how do you not wake up with you phone on the floor and the bugs torn apart ?
do n't get me wrong i also sometimes enjoy some background music to help me sleep but i use a bluetooth speaker that 's on my nightstand .
i ca n't imagine doing that with earbuds the moment i 'd turn form one side to another there goes my phone ... .
the effect is no different if he was ruled out through injury
you can do this yourself using the everything '' formula https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_s5rfgd59ao
mother is going to be upset by that dirty talk .
they are neutral bt1 is bitcoin core 1x and bt2 is bitcoin 2x .
but it can also be vegeta delaying an enemy for goku .
in this case i think the page just before it would fit more but it still is possible
petrine bonus points because she looks like my aunt who i 'm very fond of
man why do tellius have so many good paladins .
and i 'd replace seth with eliwood if he counts as a paladin .
i think keller is the safer pick for rest of season .
classic ducks and glad perry could start out the season right .
well the first two seasons were n't really all that great from a critical standpoint .
i grew up with a kid named michael jordan raper .
you can imagine little kids using that against him .
it was in mj 's hay day as well .
they 've made it very clear they want a complete gun ban ... by implementing laws which do not constitute a gun ban ?
i spent 15 minutes searching for any record of elected officials in ca calling for a gun ban but all i 've seen is calls for background checks stricter gun laws and a ban on assault weapons .
the ban on assault weapons is the closest thing i could find .
to call that a gun ban is a massive overreaction considering that assault weapons are estimated to be about 0.5 1 of guns in the us .
calling that a gun ban is like calling a ban on hunting endangered species an animal ban .
what did they do to make this so clear ?
jesus how the world would look like if every hack was responded with sanctions and break of diplomatic relations .
if you look close enough you can see all the colors .
i think about this way too often blows my mind !
it 's ok bb a house is just bricks .
between the bobble in cf on the hit by santana that could n't have been anticipated and wild pitch rolling up the third base line we did n't get a break but we just need to keep grinding out abs .
do you know why there was no flag on clemson and why there was on us ?
people were throwing racist slurs and death threats at tyra waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay before she did either of those things .
even if she understood she might not have been processing in a 'normal ' way .
i would imagine that she would be in shock and largely ignored because of the terrible situation .
hope to post more zelda pictures in the near future !
did the rangers penalty box guy cut his ponytail or is that someone else ?
craig s wright is a great warrior in the battle against the hordes of shills and trolls .
fear not my soldiers with the greg memes on our side we will overcome the market and force bitcoin cash on them .
and who 's the snitch because i 've got one more to add .
why not just store your shoes in some sort of sealed container at night to avoid this ?
i would never have thought they 'd be the ones acting like the biggest famewhores from the season .
long picture gray looks terrible and will be lucky to give us 5 innings out there .
our bullpen is going to get fucked with all the innings
i love when the stars of shows i love can also be great leaders and role models .
it 's not needed but it sure is a nice perk .
i ca n't speak to puerto rico specifically but that is true for the bvi right now .
irma and maria were entirely different storms than what these areas are used to .
the rewards are n't worth the grind and the stones it will cost
that 's on my i must give that a shot '' some time further down my travels list .
even avoided it on clips so that the view is n't spoiled for when i get there 8d
the gray storm clouds dissipated as the sky grew sonny
the drinks have been out ranked by much cheaper options such as the perfect ice drinks in terms of adventures/liver damage and a jar of fermented pickle juice is a much better night cap because it gives even more adventures and it cleans out some of your spleen so even with basic wads it adds an additional 5 adventures on top .
but seriously though just going off of current market prices the tiny plastic sword costs 70,000,000 meat and a jar of fermented pickle juice costs 75,000 each so you could buy almost a thousand jars for a single tiny plastic sword and end up getting a worse night cap as a result .
you could have almost three years worth of better nightcaps going off current prices instead of getting the sword .
in terms of collection getting a tiny plastic sword just so you can get the recipes and actually just have a very rare item that might be worth it to you if you really like collecting .
but in regards to it being a good nightcap which seems to be your primary concern then it is not at all worth the cost .
only good thing is that the price on it is fairly certain to not drop too much as these things only get rarer as times goes on and people who have them stop playing for one reason or another .
while normally i 'm not a fan of wikipedia vandalism i 'm laughing at this one particularly because it clearly struck the nerve of a red sox fan who is an admin because the page is now locked .
we do not speak of these subs ... .they are truly dark dark places .
i 've been trading with them for years with good success no bullshit pay-for-play content either .
i 'm also incredibly biased toward their trading style because it has worked very well for me and a lot of my friends .
i always thought they could chase you across state/county lines until the officers in that jurisdiction joined the chase and you went back to your area ?
fwiw she says she is looking for a monogamous committed partner but specifically mentioned the life circumstances above as a reason to take it slow .
so maybe i 'll hold my tongue until after the dust settles from all of that .
specialty care transport sct ex hospital to hospital icu to icu etc often pays 2x more than even your critical 911 als patient .
if you do n't count all of the baserunners and the run though
づ◕‿◕｡ づ your weak physical form will n͏o͏̨̕t̸̕ be used as a battery after we have taken over the earth ḑo̸͏n'̀͠t̡̛ worry
from a purely intellectual standpoint how can you know you prefer anal to vaginal if you 've only ever tried one ?
people might assume you have earphones in and wo n't talk to you..
me reading you comment was like turning over my shoe and seeing a wad of gum .
hence why i think it has the possibility to premiere at 10:30 p.m ... .
dicho esto si alguien se atraviesa por ahi con alguna galleta que sea similar a la kraker bran se les agradecería .
your premise to this debate was that the us government can stop any threat before it ever happens and that they would have no problem doing it .
there are a lot of threats that are stopped that we never hear about and i 'm thankful for the hard working men and women of this country that do so but let 's be realistic you 're lying and making up arguments that have next to no basis to go off of .
this whole argument is theoretical but your points are pretty ignorant of what many americans think and believe .
political ideologies aside our government would not be able to stop a large movement of citizens that believe that their civil liberties and rights are being violated and trampled on by a possible tyrannical government .
edited my reply to include screenshots https imgur.com/a/1vewu with ui reset to default size .
i love all of these but they 're not necessarily my top 5 .
this is just what i 'd show someone if i wanted to expose them to some of the awesome stuff on the label .
really just depends on where and how fast you 're going ...
i can take an hour to go 3 miles down the road if i wanted to .
may 's too weak to continue the tories need an actual leader to stem the infighting .
and there 's no reason a change in pm should necessitate a general election
it 's hardly the worst way our dead ancestors were disrespected .
look up dog walking rates in your area that 's a racket .
high schoolers/college kids rave about their sweet dog walking gig for 20/hr while some dude with a little html experience and a phone makes 75/hr per dog for your slave labor .
well it depends if she spawns with someone and what map is it some maps she can get by fast but if they have platforms like stairs going up it interrupts it .
i thought it was really useful to use during battle
you 've never met a feral cat have you ?
yeah it 's personal preference sometimes superchargers do sound pretty badass
honestly i would have been fine either way with the call one of those gray areas where someone wo n't be happy
curls in the squat rack while looking over your shoulder at a mirror are proven too increase gainz by 246
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/partyparrot if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought a few pieces while i was in grad school with that discount which is such a cool thing to do .
now i have his pink brain image as my laptop background and love referring people who ask about it to his website .
we 'll turn in our guns when you turn in your vehicles .
they were 14,500 deaths last year due to dui .
or how about when you turn in your prescription drugs since they killed 64,000 last year .
how about when we ban doctors from this country since they are responsible for 250,000 deaths last year due to medical errors ?
or should we ban fatty foods smoking sedentary lifestyles ?
your post has been removed automatically because all images except for infographics must be submitted in text posts .
if you submitted an infographic please message the mods by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends otherwise click here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit ? selftext=true to resubmit your image the proper format .
if you 're not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean if you truly believe smo or 3d mario in general is as established of a theme and world as link in hyrule you 're free to do so ... but to me it 's a heck of a stretch from having a variety '' of things to do as a hylian adventurer to mario 's adventures on magic mushrooms and/or other such likely substances
i just played a game with my ub highwind where i 've killed both guards on first turn then queued ulti for prismatic shift then ub .
somehow right after i locked my actions for the 2nd turn the 2 guards respawned and my orbs went back to the way they were at the start of the second battle .
and of course my highwind killed the boss and left the 2 guards behind lol .
it was shocking and kinda funny at the same time .
i felt bad for my partymates though especially the host .
look for the cards with a small walmart star logo in upper left corner .
3rd period meltdown ... . or a fluky wrap that gets saved by 99 of the league
sure it is it 's just a barge a tug and a crane not a supertanker .
you do know that only a select few have that monster sponsorship right ?
it 's not across the board..christ why do i have to tell you that ?
exactly and to think there 's no zapata against peru .
so it 'll most likely be davinson sanchez and oscar murillo who is n't that bad either .
it could be a pcb issue though but what would explain it stopping after i press another key ?
every run he announces with an extra yard or two and so much excitememt
it honestly took me a bit to remember the name of the grey ninja .
10 trivial stuff between empire and rotj and immediately after
5 trivial stuff like imperials and refugees talking about his heroics
5 jedi master luke teaching ben solo something minute that we will all speculate on that will lead nowhere .
well icc in aditi has nothing but mining missions https i.imgur.com/l4fvilm.png .
but in the bubble i have n't seen one .
nobody else has stuff worth stealing i mean guess you could technically wait for the chinese to steal tech secrets and then steal it from them but otherwise the first point stands
nothing gets me quite like a well designed immersive event especially one with scavenger hunt qualities .
having to find the clues to bounce around to different people to collect swag was crazy fun no computer skills necessary .
my roommate is working the ecoin booth at nycc and said even they are told not to break character and that they ca n't even mention mr .
dropping him for the crow was the dumbest thing i did
i would like mention about ut khader the former health minister .
he has done a commendable job as the health minister .
i dunno my mom just upgraded from the 4s to the 7 this week .
my roblox version of the diss track is coming on friday
sure you for your life but not how a society defines what you do with your life .
i do n't care if people do n't think i 'm masculine .
but i 'm not going to lie and say what i 'm doing is masculine if society does n't define it that way .
this makes sense which is why it wo n't be implemented .
my mother bought me that mega death sauce a few years ago when i fancied myself a pepperhead i was wrong i was 16 .
ca n't say i 've taken more than a few ml now .
it 's really potent but can add one hell of a kick to a meal .
i do n't mean this as a knock against cig but i will be stunned if this thing makes it from evocati to the ptu three weeks .
some day if you work hard enough and stop eating avocado smash you might be able to upgrade to a foam box with insulation !
the other day i see this ghillie guy running down the hill to me .
i stop behind a tree and start taking silenced shots from my akm to him .
the blue sweeps up behind him and he 's running parallel to the zone ? !
he finally dies on the last shot i hit him with once he 's in the zone .
i see a gun laying on the ground out of playzone .
i 'm gon na go see what it is .
basically the mindset is if i ca n't have it neither can they '' .
they drop anything good so you ca n't have it late game .
essentially how some children play games with each other .
well fuck jimmy i 'm gon na throw his tonka truck in the fucking lake and now no one can play with it .
hope that helps as fucking weird as it sounds .
he just did n't know i would dive to the bottom of that lake .
without superman around to distract him he 's been shown to be an excellent leader who in at least one universe ushered in a golden age for human society that lasted until our sun went out billions of years from now .
since there 's no superman on our earth this is good news for us .
honestly cant even blame the o line thats a great fucking blitz
the pyromancer bested me with ... '' understanding dawned .
you were n't talking about his 20 games that 's dishonest .
still 5.5 ts gap if you prefer same as rubio to klay .
yeah you 're beyond rude no point talking to you .
i 'll debate my unpopular opinion with someone else .
title of request some rpg with light deckbuilding that is less extreme than mage knight
complexity of game intermediate should be easier to get into than mage knight
genre fantasy setting would be nice but not that important
mage knight i love this game but what i 'm looking for is just a few hours of fun for the group and 3-player mk will never fit into a few hours .
a deck building adventure somebody recommended this from a previous thread and i will check it out but i want more recommendations .
i 've heard nurses call family members mom '' and dad '' if they do n't know their name just their relation to the patient .
so then you would just have an ot loss at 0 points ?
k asks to review the memory of him hiding the horse and stelline has a mechanism that allows her to see it .
as she is watching the memory she begins to tear up and confirms that it 's real .
k is convinced he is the child and smacks his chair in a fit of rage .
absolutely awful lol he said some stupid thing who cares
r e g r e s s i o n
in all seriousness i have used the alien and drag and i prefer the drag a lot more .
looks a lot better and hits like a beast !
of the dozen or so photos i have uploaded to test only 2 were both further compressed after uploading and they were the ones set to edge 1080 .
if i run into problems will follow your guidance thanks !
where can i buy suits for my 5'3 '' height and slim body ?
this country is fucked and we 're all going to die .
i hate to say it but the only time a redditor gets to use his gun in self defense is when he shoots himself .
i always tip but the app is wonky ... like before at home i can tip no problem ... .at work the app wo n't let me and i do n't carry cash cause people at work are n't trustworthy .
and of course they have absolutely no qualms of conscience because in their eyes they 're the good guys and people like you and i are the bad guys .
everyone is an ass on there but they know it and they 'll say nasty things just for shits and giggles .
meanwhile here on reddit people can be absolutely vile and they do it with complete self-righteousness .
they do n't do it just to be silly they do it because they think you deserve it .
oh god is it just me or i find this ridiculously sad and funny .
he started out as an ass but grew as a person and it was awesome to see that growth .
do you remember when david pulled up into that driveway and met what was hinted at as being a god left in our world ?
i liked the story from her perspective where they delve into how he powers work .
the plan was smart but i felt like it should have played out over a longer period of time .
having gods fight an alien creature and then these militant assholes would have made for a good story over a few books .
people keep comparing about hulu commercials but ive never had one commercial in hulu am i just lucky ?
at least it 's a con save for vecna .
he is still a god but i 'm guessing it would be impossible for him to fail a wisdom or intelligence save .
not overreacting but they are winning the fucking super bowl this year
its the devil 👹👹👹it didnt work on my godess 🙏🏽eyes👁 ! ! !
it depends on the external drive but having the game on an external drive means you free up the internal drive to serve the os .
so in general the external drive would seem to be faster unless it is very slow .
probably not that noticeable unless you have an ssd or something .
i appreciate your attempt at misunderstanding and while i did find it amusing i 'll offer you this in return
our system of government was not designed to have this magnificently bloated central government .
it was designed to have a very tightly constrained central government which had the main function of providing for the security of the other states .
political discourse is meant to happen on a much more local level .
our state legislature should be more important to each of us individually but i doubt most people can name 4 state senators .
if we can get back to a place where political discourse can happen on a smaller scale and revolve around the issues that are important to people who actually live and interact with each other we 'll be able to recreate a system of politics that actually values trust .
unfortunately we barely care about our representatives in the federal congress save for a few prominent ones .
instead we 're ridiculously emotionally invested in what should be an office that has no real power over the average person 's day to day life .
still i acknowledge that we find ourselves in this backward reality .
i 'm pretty sure any time we have any vote in this country we vote for the candidate who has managed to best convince us that he will represent what we perceive to be our best interests .
i 'm not sure how you 're voting if it is n't for the person who has best managed to convince you that they 're most worthy of your vote but that 's none of my business .
i think a person who is subject to an open debate of ideas and who manages to maintain a strong message and that is unwavering in his positions unless he actually feels that new information has changed his opinion is pretty easy to pick out .
we tend to think of them as more fringe players in our current system think bernie sanders and ron paul but they exist and they have real grass roots support because they have noticeable conviction .
it 's obviously important that our elected representatives follow through with promises and do n't drastically change position while in office .
this is why we hold elections every few years though presumably .
our system also prohibits one person who does manage to scam millions from seizing too much power before the next election cycle preventing it or that 's how it was originally designed .
we 've arrived in a time where our system has greatly diminished protection from just that outcome .
i think support of constituents is very important and is literally all that decides the outcome of our elections that are voted on by people who live in the same area of the country and struggle with presumably the same issues .
we can bicker about gerrymandering forever but that 's a debate for another time .
the commander in chief of the military and really the only single office that presides over matters that affect every single person in every corner of the united states of america is elected in such a way that prevents mob rule .
population centers are not the only tiny areas of the country that have a say in the election because the college is the attempt to dispel some of that advantage that would serve to greatly diminish the voices of the inhabitants of a vast majority of the geographic area of the country .
it 's not perfect but i think it 's a good system that disallows mob rule in our democratic republic of individual states .
he shouldve have a 60 yd td but winston overthrew him
i always hated early-era cartoons because i liked cats and they never had their day .
not that name at least not in a marvel story .
hamling johnson cox logue pearce duman rookie are all tall defenders .
ryan and hughes are also big enough to play on the third tall .
the good thing about collins in terms of depth is that he was a mature body that was not injury prone .
all the aios use asetek but some have a different pcb eg x62 for nzxt to allow different led lighting etc .
personally i 'd go fir the evga clc 280 .
overall though it 's the software x62 is the best hardware aio on the market but cam is shit i did n't mind precision on my evga 1070 if hardware is so similar software becomes a differentiator .
i tend to repair some ruins on the map as my early game base and build on wooden expansions kitchen freezer bedrooms etc .
once i have the basics covered i start digging out a mountain to make my permanent base .
pros with a mountain overhead raiders using mortars are all but nullified .
cons total size limited by mountain and the occasional bug infestation .
1 taylor swift ca n't be called country artist many of those 170m records are pop records .
how many records have garth brooks george strait kenny rogers and shania twain sold in the last 10-15 years ?
3 comparing top 5 artists in the genres over all time does n't give you a sense for currently popularity of the genres at all .
dude at a minimum they would double the social protection budget overnight just on that single payment .
if they are kept in place than you can imagine that instead of about 37.5 billion it would be 45 billion or more.if you scrapped everything else to keep it to a 37.5 billion minimum based off 3.6 million people over 18 eligible for ubi then people that require multiple allowances to make ends meet will be far worse off .
even if you overlook the damage it can do to the lowest rung in that respect then think of the tax increases needed to recoup those extra billions .
now consider the increase in pricing in general to account for the extra free money in everyones wallets .
i understand the basics of how the system works and it appears that more than a few here simply dont .
there is no way this kind of thing doesnt result in lost revenue for the state .
the new york democratic primary like primaries across the country will be a fight for the soul of the democratic party between the establishment wing and progressive sanders democrats who want a 15 minimum wage universal health care free four-year state colleges and limits on banks and the finance industry as well as foreign wars .
if you have a dog in this fight and i think you do and you live in new york you 'll get to cast a primary ballot in june 2018 .
but to cast that ballot you need to be registered by october 13th which is about a week away .
if you are not a democrat but you want the right to decide who will run against our current congressman you will need to change your party .
to change parties you need to fill out another voter registration form and get it to the county board of election by closing time of friday oct. 13 .
you can get a form at your county 's board of elections fill it out there and hand it back to them on it the same day .
or you can download a form from the county 's website and mail it or take it to your board of elections .
when they receive your filled out form it is placed into a locked box which will be opened a week after the nov. 7 general election .
the board of election staff will then process the form and change your party !
you can confirm which party you are a member of by calling your board of elections or by going to voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us .
i was operating on the assumption that the govt had somehow managed to block all non-approved protocols from operating .
even if they managed that people would still be able to encrypt offline with something like pgp and paste it into their app use codewords or use steganography .
btw we also introduced sub model within slr for some studios atm
as a fan who grew up watching these two in their prime seeing these pictures is like running into old friends .
now the question is when you are trading ethbtc what exactly are you trading ... depending on which exchange the answer might be different ... beware
if btc price drops mechanically by 1000 to reflect segwit2x at fork time what good is ta then ?
grey gives no stat boosts green one blue two purple three orange four .
the only way to get rid of em if they are in your inventory is to smelt for forging .
i honestly feel like the west in general is worse than last year aside from tsm im also pretty biased saying that as a tsm fan but i feel like they are one of the few western teams literally aiming for worlds not lcs wins .
i can hit the spin limit every day if i do n't avoid taking stops .
i really hope they raise the limit and make it possible to see how close you are to it .
the botters spoofers do n't get banned anyway so why make a low enough limit for regular players to get stuck on .
bully people with different opinions and claim moral high ground .
if the price tag is n't an issue sector9 gaskets .
the strapless design makes them really fucking comfortable and a lot less restricting compared to triple 8s .
only buy the knee pads tho the elbow pads are garbage
it 's nice that this game does n't limit who gets into the highest class .
once you 're there you do n't lose anything from a loss besides the couple seconds it 'll take to find a new opponent .
definitely gives an opportunity for the community to come together and help each other out .
i should be making my advancement to five kage after work today
if the us military decided to step into peoples houses them having guns or not does not fucking matter .
whether that is right or not is kinda mute .
implicitly or explicitly we are all part of society and we are subject to a monopoly of force .
refusing to give up your gun because the police has them is kind of a silly argument .
and frankly the monopoly of force is for the most part a good thing .
nrk er milevis foran de andre i kvalitet classic om frp klarer ødelegge dette
if kaspersky were french or israeli the usg would still distrust him/them it 'd just be less overt about it .
hello virex4 your submission has been removed due to not containing a bracketed spoiler scope at the beginning of your title .
learn more about the spoiler system here https www.reddit.com/r/gotham/wiki/spoiler_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gotham if you have any questions or concerns .
i was thinking of sending my 'normal bitcon ' to a new made bitcoin wallet which i have the private key of .
then after the hardfork i will send the normal bitcoin back to my ledger .
with the private key of the new made wallet i will be able to claim bitcoin gold .
i am just wondering is there a bitcoin gold wallet yet ?
very little work for linux as they 're running gentoo as is
yeah you know it was a bad date when the empathy of the waitress was better than the date itself .
it 's almost like we knows what do to with a lead while tsm and fw do n't
the ones that about to get removed from the game ?
it 's still not clear that ptr change affecting lucio gon na be reverted .
also in my opinion it 's very not advisable to be first to the fight as doomfist .
i 'd say he really suffers when being the focus of enemy attention .
that 's the point everyone thinks that you are tricking them and so they get nervous .
i was lucky in that my old congo was quite social .
we 'd go for picnics at the river have pot luck dinners singalongs tramping games nights .
one game where you hit people with a rolled up newspaper and another where you swung a broom around in a circle then tried to jump over it after laying it down .
lol i genuinely enjoyed all the activities i was involved in .
it 's almost a shame because if i was in a more boring less social cong i may have left much sooner .
if only they 'd not deprived me of an education and dating ... hm .
and me and catche getting kicked over and over when you got salty d
that 's the same terrible argument made about the digital camera .
people always resist change initially until it becomes the norm then they wonder why they fought against it .
it could also be the depth of field used by the game .
or his gpu drivers need an upgrade which i recommend using ddu for .
also there 's a tool called bethini that lets you edit the ini files a bit better than the launcher .
i would n't draft rexxar specifically to have nanoboost synergy but there are possible situations where i would use nano on him even over more popular targets like a malthael or li-ming if i really thought that more cc was crucially important in the current fight .
or also quite possible your ana might have just gotten flustered .
the cognitive load involved in playing ana well is very high compared to most heroes and especially if you 're new to her it is easy to end up making dumb decisions just because your active thoughts were more focused on another part of her hero kit .
phil and claire have a great marriage with both having smart and stupid moments .
they are also pretty self aware about their own flaws in their relationship such as claire always forgetting their anniversary or phil 's insistence on always being the good cop .
this is the last gasp of the tory neo liberals/remainers .
its now or leadsom or someone else equally batshit for hard brexit for them .
yay well done ... we need more people actually spending litecoins .
there is so much talk about hodling and while i understand that we all expect/hope the price will rise nothing will happen if no one actually use litecoins for anything .
so keep spending those litecoins and yes buy some new ones d
nah there was actually some stuff to do at this time .
not having the end game apparently to make friendships ...
nah that 's how you legitimize a civil war .
the man needs to be removed from office and embarrassed .
puzzle craft https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.chillingo.puzzlecraft.android.rowgplay free with iap rating 84/100 search for 'puzzlecraft ' on the play store https play.google.com/store/search ? q=puzzlecraft
you must have at least 30 karma combined to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/internet if you have any questions or concerns .
they take months and drop a big update you should knew that before you buy
i do n't know what 's cuter shota romani or the image of emiya making a kids meal and using trace to make a kiddie toy .
i do n't think pixie works on paladins anymore just paladins strike
still waiting for phi^2 to drop a physical copy of her 365 days of drag 👀
winsum is a municipality and town in the province of groningen in the northeastern netherlands .
i actually wonder what the sep is actually used for on devices without touchid .
and that ron and nancy turned down a plea from rock hudson a friend of theirs from their hollywood days who sought their help in getting treatment for aids shortly before his death .
i kind of looked down on it but then bought some and i like it .
the phone is too old that you should buy a new smartphone now .
the apps are more and more bigger than before it will slow your phone .
nope range of 48 '' on its bound spell as of 8th but it can chain to surrounding enemies .
hopefully that is still bread at that point and not jesus cause it is not food after transubstantiation .
mouse over that flash for example will say 255 seconds .
i mean the rumours of the tiger being gay can be considered at least remotely plausible although they are also dumb
not dumb even though he is supposed to be married and have kids he is a well known gay/bisexual pederast who has had that reputation for years now even before all the pictures of him with effeminate younger males started circulating .
it sounds like a joke but he does indeed have a literal harem of revolving young men who follow him around everywhere he goes who are known as his personal assistants '' .
could you make sure you are logged in and send me the result of http ffbeequip.lyrgard.fr/gl/iteminventory ?
it will allow me to try to reproduce your problem with your inventory .
i tried to reproduce it with mine and it rightly used the tmr of wind veritas .
with a2 and just dragon race selected i ended up with
crimson blood aigaion fist black cowl demon mail 2x champion belt martial art mastery sworn six 's pride wind sworn six 's pride earth and dragon killer .
you moved to japan so maybe you 'll finally become git gud player not only gud player
i would n't find much of use for having sv on a portable/handheld if you barely travel .
i have had sv on pc for around a year if i remember correctly and have not bought it on switch because i do n't travel around much .
do you know that human japanese also has intermediate '' .
now it does n't get you that far but it covers mostly what genki 1 does and otherwise i 'll read up on what i miss before i start the book .
ground in a circuit is not really ground its more like common its the voltage that all parts of the circuit are referenced to .
the transistor or resistor that connects from 9v 'to ' ground is making electricity do 'work ' to get back to this 'ground ' or 'common ' point .
what that means is you have positive voltage on the center relative to a reference point from the adapter/battery .
that positive voltage it is positive compared to the side of battery or adapter is your common or ground so the part of the jack which connects to the center goes to your ground on one board which connects to ground on the other board .
the other part is 9v because instead of using a positive voltage to do work we 're using a negative voltage to do work so 9v is as much electromotive force emf as 9v .
the reason something is 0v/ground is because it is connected to all of the common end points for emf work voltage pushing through trannies and resistors .
i 'm trying to explain a different way of conceptualizing voltage and this way can help doing projects .
do n't think of voltage as factually or they are or relative to some reference voltage which will be called 0v or ground/common .
for instance if you had a 9v supply and measured a 4.5v relative to 9v as common you 'll read it as 4.5v on voltmeter because the 9v is the reference .
if you want you could cut 9v in half with a voltage divider and use the half voltage as your ground and then get 4.5v and 4.5v from the battery if you needed some positive voltage and negative voltage from 'ground ' .
if you use a 9v circuit which uses most positive voltage as ground and your most positive voltage is coming from the center/tip of a power supply then that most positive is your ground .
how dare modern software not run properly on a device from 3 years ago .
yea to all the guys '' meaning the people who do n't play online and only do solos .
then after what i said there was a comma .
now it 's pretty easy to understand when you are like majority of the community of mut who does n't play online .
you can get that from the title but people are so narrow minded it 's hard to get so again sorry if i confused you and many other people i did n't realize it was this bad .
maybe the semi colon would 've been more appropriate and more correct for people to understand better
the mechs in the first movie felt slow but appropriate weighty and followed a couple of principles of movement and weight .
in this i am seeing very fast and inhumanely '' speedy movements that a jaeger should n't be able to pull off for example the gypsy danger was 7080 tons .
some 2011 2012 when redpill/incel led up and eventually coelsced into gamergate i saw a protofascist movement .
if you would have told me that leader would be donald trump i would have eaten my left toe and drown that shit in salt and ketchup i 'm on a high blood pressure diet despite being able to run an 8 minute mile and bike 50 miles at ease the ketchup is just for flavoring .
what these loonies do is without a doubt historically unprecedented
i remember being able to get better deals by utilizing amazon coins .
i still have a balance of 1,600 ... does n't this equate to like 16 ?
i 'm in no rush to jump back into the game but i 'd like to keep my eye out for a deal .
what is a ca n't pass up '' deal that i could realistically hold out for via amazon and the whole coins thing ?
everything is sorted by steam ratings because why not ?
humble indie bundle 1 key world of goo aquaria gish lugaru hd penumbra overture samorost 2
star wars™ knights of the old republic™ ii the sith lords™
company of heroes 2 german skin four color disruptive pattern bundle
company of heroes 2 german skin four color disruptive pattern bundle
company of heroes 2 soviet skin four color belorussian front pack
company of heroes 2 soviet skin four color belorussian front pack
superfrog hd no longer on steam so this is kinda special ''
i was hoping to watch just a few episodes of each season to get a feel for and undersyand the show before seeing the movie with my cousin .
i looked online but could n't find a top episodes per season list can someone point me in the right direction ?
i do n't want to say i 'm a genius expert just yet but you have to believe in yourself before you can expect others to do it for you especially since greatness comes from within and we only get one life sometimes only just one shot but you got ta take it this is your moment the future is just a present that is n't here yet just like your response find that voice make that post the rewards are within your grasp
i believe that diamond kit should be added to diamond rank at least diamond plus .
i thought today was the global release as i preregistered and only got the notification this morning but from reading others ' conversations it seems like it 's been out longer .
note already bought the nzxt s340 case and evga gtx 1080 sc gaming https uk.pcpartpicker.com/product/63yxft/evga-video-card-08gp46183 .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
gaming '' casual '' streaming experimental not a regular or pro streamer
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
high fps 100 on shooter like overwatch bf1 pubg with 1080p on ultra moving from console gaming
1300-1500 euros or pounds without a monitor but would love to squeeze a 24inch 144hz in the price sometime around black friday maybe
pcpartpicker part list https uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/dkydyf price breakdown by merchant https uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/dkydyf/by_merchant
video card evga geforce gtx 1080 8gb superclocked gaming acx 3.0 video card https uk.pcpartpicker.com/product/63yxft/evga-video-card-08gp46183 purchased for £475.04
case nzxt s340 black/red atx mid tower case https uk.pcpartpicker.com/product/td38tw/nzxt-case-cas340wbr1 purchased for £71.70
i 'm a console gamer who are sick of low fps and the not very '' competitive shooter community
i would like to buy a 144hz 24 inch monitor later in the year .
i currently have the dell s2415h 60hz that should do for a month or two until i find a good deal on a 144hz
initially i was going for the ryzen 1700 https www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/6yhclg/helpeuuk_building_a_gamingstreaming_144hz_pc_by i 've been reading all night about coffee lake vs ryzen and i decided that ryzen 5 1600 would be the best value for money especially since a this is my first pc b my pc gaming expectations do not exists since i 'm coming from console gaming .
however i want my build to be future proof for at least 3-4 years and hence i 'm investing in the very expensive ram
i will also need a gaming keyboard and mouse .
i could probably do my own research but any suggestion is really appreciated .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/6/16435596/trump-puerto-rico-water reduced by 63 .
the trump administration has removed statistics from a federal website that revealed how dire the crisis in puerto rico remains in the wake of hurricane maria according to a new report .
quot in response to the complete devastation in puerto rico we have seen president trump focus more on his public perception than on actually providing life-saving food water electricity and medical aid to the puerto rican people whose lives are on the line quot rep. michelle lujan grisham chair of the hispanic caucus said in an email to vox .
to say the white house has been slow to respond to the massive humanitarian crisis happening in puerto rico right now is an understatement .
a law student in florida got nearly 500,000 signatures on a letter asking trump to waive restrictions on ships delivering goods to puerto rico .
trump temporarily waived the jones act a 97-year-old law that makes it expensive to ship goods from the mainland to puerto rico .
quot people should keep putting pressure on their elected officials to make sure puerto rico is not forgotten quot said rick trilsch who created a petition asking the military to send the usns comfort to puerto rico .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/6/16435596/trump-puerto-rico-water faq http autotldr.io 226770 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords puerto 1 rico 2 trump 3 water 4 ship 5
post found in r/politics http np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/74p7po/trump_admin_delete_fema_data r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/74ripw/trumps_administration_deleted_data_on_puerto r/puertorico http np.reddit.com/r/puertorico/comments/74p3jf/trumps_administration_deleted_data_on_puerto and r/donaldtrumpwhitehouse http np.reddit.com/r/donaldtrumpwhitehouse/comments/74pb66/trumps_administration_deleted_data_on_puerto .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i really enjoyed playing this a game for hours and hours when it first came out .
definitely the best looking fps i had played ever but now it looks muddled and dank .
and further more it creates an effect on my head after a few rounds called a head ache or migraine .
it feels like you guys at dice decided to put out all these really grind for months achievements to get perks and guns and wanted everyone to suffer and shut off the game and be only casual gamers !
please for the love of my head and visuals of the game put a toggle switch for ca so i do n't have to suffer to get everything done ?
i have played though morrowind more times than i can count i love the game .
my friend recently showed interest in playing it for the first time .
i loved playing the vanilla game originally but now i 'm not sure if i should recommend an updated version like openmw or let them suffer like i did ?
by some miracle i got a partime job at a defense contractor 15 min away from school this semester fall junior year .
however i realized after the first round of exams that the workload seems to be affecting my grades .
im currently at a 3.6 and am worried that i may drop below a 3.5 this semester .
i want to think the experience is more worth it '' than a potential gpa hit ... . but it felt depressing when i realised i could do better given more time .
could anyone explain to me why in this sentence it 's der frau instead of die frau ?
long story short i went to buy 4x 100 gift cards at a retailer .
they misheard and loaded up 4x 400 gift cards .
as they were reading me the total the mistake was noticed they cancelled the transaction and then rang me up for 4x 100 gift cards as i asked .
i give these gift cards to the person they were meant for .
on first use they noticed the value showed 4xx in change left on the card .
checked the balance and sure enough each card started with 500 in value .
the first 400 transaction that was cancelled and then the 100 valid transaction added in value to each card .
i called up the retailer 's national line and they said to call the local store .
called the local store and the manager over the course of 2 days ended up assuring me over the phone that everything looks fine on their end '' and that the value of the cards seems to be 100 '' .
i looked them up again on the site just now and they each show a remaining balance of 500 except the one that had some used which has 400 and change .
if they are spent in full for the full apparent value of the card 2000 is that a crime ?
i will be taking requests for sinnoh hatchus and reservations for unova and kalos hatchus in this post .
u/thegreendecidueye 1 eng unova and 1 eng kalos for 16 breedables status complete
u/fmrc93 1 eng unova and 1 eng kalos hatchu for 2 charizard codes .
u/xcpa9 1 eng unova and 1 eng kalos hatchu for 12 breedables on top of previous hatchus status incomplete
u/actionhank9000 1 eng unova and 1 eng kalos hatchu for 2 marshadow codes from this thread .
u/numba1oggy 1 eng unova hatchu for 1 20th anniversity genesect this thread .
u/amx03 1 eng unova kalos and alola hatchu for 3 marshadow codes this thread .
13k spectre for striker black saptarishi 10k spectre for scorer/tactician/aviator black 7k spectre for normal black ones .
so in the last 2 months i 've been searching all the web for the perfect laptop for my needs .
i 've seen if not 100 but at least 85 of all the models of laptops of the last 2-3 years that exist in the market .
all of them even the ones that cost the most have annoying problems or annoying features .
the macbooks have the dongles and the unreasonable price plus the shoved touchbar in the 15 '' mbp .
the xps have coil whine problems the swelling battery and some build quality issues .
the gaming laptops cost a lot for what they offer and they are still sold with shitty panels and they 're built in plastic .
they sell fake 4k laptops they sell stupid configurations and they sell slow ssds just assuming that everyone is n't tech savy and that just buys stuff because of marketing gibberish .
almost everyone except maybe apple cheap out on stuff .
they always cut corners even on the more pricey laptops .
i still have to find the hidden gem that just offers good quality without obvious compromises .
pretty easy definitely easiest i 've taken 3rd time .
i 've always used highlighters and colored pens to annotate the essay no problem and for my scores .
only annotated the text used correct pencil for everything else .
assumed it was allowed because i 'd done it before but got stopped by the proctor and they are sending an irregularity report for highlighters and colored pens .
they asked me to give them my admission ticket on monday .
applying to college in less than a month so i need it .
essay i do n't care much about but it was fine .
the wedding happened and for how much of a struggle the venue was to work with the wedding went off fairly well .
a lot of that had to do with my amazing coordinator separate business from my venue who went through and fixed everything the venue did wrong day of .
ex it was in the contract that they would put flowers on the tables they had dead flowers and dirty water .
they would n't setup the room for the seating chart they provided so my coordinator found tables and chairs to make it happen so they do n't match but at least people sat .
the owner who we had worked with for the majority of the planning was n't at the wedding .
she instead sent her husband who we had never met prior to the day of the wedding .
i attempted to meet with the venue for 2 weeks before my wedding and the newest person we were working with we went through at least 6 in 5 months said she could n't meet us because her car was broken .
they then tried to change a lot of things around within 3 days of the wedding which added a lot of stress when i was at a cabin in the woods for my bachelorette with limited cell service right before the wedding .
one of which being the seating chart and trying to move people to the third level which is where we were supposed to be getting ready .
i 'd also already paid a calligrapher 120 to write out the seating chart they previously had finalized which would have been useless .
they also tried to get me to meet with them friday evening the night before the wedding after not meeting with me within 3 months of the wedding .
the gutters that were falling off and the tarps on the roof were never fixed .
final verdict i would not at all recommend having your wedding at amadeus manor .
the wedding went off but they caused so much stress .
you should n't need a lawyer to deal with your venue .
first of all this is not advertisement or anything i am a genuine guy with dry skin and i know how uncomfortable and embarrassing it can be to look like a walking flake farm all the time .
so i have been fighting dry skin on my face nose cheeks and forehead/between eyebrows for over 2-3 years .
and finally i found something that helped me my friend recommended to try loreal nutri gold extraordinary oil face i use normal skin option .
put three drops on three fingers put it on my nose .
put another three drops on three fingers put it on my forehead/between my eyebrows .
put another three drops on three fingers put anywhere on my face .
at first i used it everyday now sometimes i can go almost a week without using it and my face does n't get dry !
to gain a better sense of the context kindly watch this video https youtu.be/ezvd1gw9vd8 .
it may just be my poor comprehension capabilities but i think he explained the thinking and intuition functions in a rather similar fashion which led me to not being able to distinguish them .
theoreitcally speaking they should not even be compared to since they are not on the same mode of rationality .
instead of focusing on gathering data irrational functions are passive and receptive from reality he said that it focuses on gathering data from possibilities .
but somewhere in the video he mentioned the phrase intuition reasoning '' when contrasting it to sensation which confused me .
also he said that ne was about breaking down such possibilities and that reminded me of his explanation of ti with its correlation to deductive logic .
i am deeply indebted to anyone who attempts to answer my question .
i 'm having trouble using the indexing method to proof a u b ' ∩ c c ∩ a ' u c ∩ b ' .
i won something that was a different size to advertised .
this all happened within a few hours of receiving the package .
so obviously i 've not sent it back yet .
i could kick up a fuss but do n't want to drag it out as i 'm off on holiday end of next week and do n't want to risk having the refund taken off me .
ebay emailled to say i 'd be receiving a return postage label .
but the i got an email from seller apologising for incorrect listing and asking me to return parcel via parcelforce .
i replied i could n't do it until monday at the earliest .
most purchases from business sellers are protected by the consumer contract regulations 2013 which give you the right to cancel the purchase within 14 days after the day you receive the item .
find out more about your rights as a buyer and exceptions . '
hear me out guti plays left interior in pachuca has been playing great for 3 yrs now raul lozano had a great partnership in jco best game against costa rica
i 'm seeing more and more ar games appearing in the app store and many of them are alike to board games which only materialize through your phones camera .
i really like them and i was wondering if it 's possible for multiple devices to see the same exact thing at the same time ?
as in i put the gaming board on a desk and we all just lift our phones and see the same board at the same position with the game synced between all of us .
it would be amazing to play board games like that and because of how the game is latency would n't even be a problem .
even more awesome would be to be able to save the state and position of the game so i could leave a chess game in the middle of the city and whoever walks by and has the app could make the next move .
i 'm seeing more and more ar games appearing in the app store and many of them are alike to board games which only materialize through your phones camera .
i really like them and i was wondering if it 's possible for multiple devices to see the same exact thing at the same time ?
as in i put the gaming board on a desk and we all just lift our phones and see the same board at the same position with the game synced between all of us .
it would be amazing to play board games like that and because of how the game is latency would n't even be a problem .
even more awesome would be to be able to save the state and position of the game so i could leave a chess game in the middle of the city and whoever walks by and has the app could make the next move .
the combatants that are fighting will be explained in the team lists
the location or setting of the contest in a coliseum in the coliseum will be a pool of water 20 feet wide and 10 feet deep at the centre there will be 48 apple trees of varying size centred around the pool and there will be six interconnecting burrows with the entrances being near both teams the main segments of both teams will start 30 feet from each other both teams aquatics will start in the pool and both teams bandits arboreal 's and agile 's will start in the trees above their respective teams .
c. preparation they will both have a days rest before the fight
the common bandit raccoon wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the arboreal virginia opossum wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the aquatic north american beaver wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth
the agile american red squirrel wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the caltrop north american porcupine wikipedia a full grown male armed with quills and warning oder
the tank american badger wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the lithe predator ring-tailed cat wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the breaker of bones collared peccary wikipedia a full grown male armed with bone crushing jaws with teeth
the goddam legend jackalope wikipedia a full grown male armed with antlers teeth and claws
the common bandit common brushtail possum wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the arboreal koala wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the aquatic platypus wikipedia a full grown male armed with two venomous spurs
the agile sugar glider wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws it also able to glide
the caltrop short-beaked echidna wikipedia a full grown male armed with spines and claws
the tank wombat wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth claws and its weight
the lithe predator tiger quoll wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
the breaker of bones tasmanian devil wikipedia a full grown male armed with claws and bone crushing jaws with teeth
the goddam legend thylacine wikipedia a full grown male armed with teeth and claws
i just bought a human from my local pet store but i 'm kind of stuck here .
i do n't know what they eat some say they only eat plants some say they eat everything some say they only eat pure fat and it 's really confusing !
ps i 've heard they 're the most intelligent creature on their home planet do they need entertainment ?
so i 've been thinking about this quite a lot and i could n't find an answer to my question on the internet either so i 'm going to ask it here .
what genre would supercell's egoist 's music be if it was n't j-pop .
i 'd love to find music similar to theirs regardless of language but i do n't know what genre or style to search .
i know its a lot of shit but maybe its some shit someone wants .
hopefully i can get some keys to buy me some nice wheels
i know its a lot of shit but maybe its some shit someone wants .
hopefully i can get some keys to buy me some nice wheels
hello everybody i was considering getting a new laptop for work and i was wondering if gw2 would run fine on it .
anyone else having the map on little snitch constantly blinking when scrolling it on high sierra with nvidia web drivers no other nvidia kexts no igpu ?
i 'm selling the following steam accounts for cheap ! !
gta 5 rocket league ets 2 and more games .
the account has this more games like skyrim but cs go has a vac .
payment method is paypal and the price is cheap and negotiable ! !
hello r/bettafish voting for our marbling picture of the month has commenced !
upvote your favorite marbling transformations below but please do not downvote any pictures .
this post is in contest mode so the comment order is random .
after a week thread will be removed around 14 october the winning transformation will be featured on the sidebar for a month and the winner also gets a super special flar !
all potm pictures can be found in the potm hall of fame https www.reddit.com/r/bettafish/wiki/index wiki_picture_of_the_month_winners and here for mobile users https imgur.com/a/nt5u1 .
round 11 will start after we 've announced the winner and the only thing i can tell you is that this one will also feature bettas .
ok so i 'm 16 and went out to party with some friends yesterday .
i popped half a xanax smoked some weed then went home .
not thinking and it being my first time popping pills i drank some beer about 6 hours later .
i also took a laxative for unrelated digestive problems .
my dad thinks it 's a fever but i know i fucked up .
i have cold sweats i feel super hot when under a blanket and my abdomen is killing me .
i also took 3 advils to get rid of my headache about 2 hours ago .
do i need to go to the hospital i popped half a xan and only had one keystone light ?
if anyone can answer very soon that would be great .
mad king torey and the dbacks are such masters at planning .
they obviously just wanted to give the fans two awesome home games rather than just one .
they 're just giving archie more chances to smash triples in our house .
i am currently working on a workbook that has macros to pull data across multiple sheets onto a summary sheet that will then format specific columns so that the data can populate into a graph .
i 've run into a bit of trouble with one of the formulas .
it seems to have to do with the quotes around the d which designates day in time .
while i can pinpoint the problem area i ca n't seem to figure out how to fix it .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.straitstimes.com/forum/letters-in-print/everyone-should-have-the-sgsecure-app reduced by 28 .
the suggestions ranged from bag checks at events and venues to reporting to the authorities suspicious or unusual activities .
for us in singapore we have the sgsecure app which all of us should download to our phones .
the app enables the police and the singapore civil defence force to send alerts to the public in times of emergencies and the public to report suspicious activities .
the app which enables the police and the singapore civil defence force to send alerts to the public in times of emergencies and for the public to report suspicious activities is part of the sgsecure movement that was launched last year .
this app is far more efficient than dialling 999 if we want to report something .
more effort should be put into spreading awareness on the existence of the sgsecure app its importance and how to use it .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.straitstimes.com/forum/letters-in-print/everyone-should-have-the-sgsecure-app faq http autotldr.io 226889 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords app 1 report 2 public 3 singapore 4 sgsecure 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
this week we saw eleven new fics https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html new-fic four new one-shot fics https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html one-shot-fic four revived fics https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html revived-fic and seventy-one updated fics https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html updated-fic .
we also saw one new quest https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html new-quest and eleven updated quests https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html updated-quest .
fanfic updates for sep 30th to oct 6th https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html
quests '' are little interactive games between the author and the readers where the readers vote on how the story progresses .
while they 're probably best enjoyed by participating they can often be solid stories unto themselves .
relatedly cyoa '' https www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice s are little guides to setting theme and character creation often used by folks writing sis .
days in the range are inclusive so all of each day .
so if you 're posting on friday evenings in the us you 'll be in the next week 's listing .
i pick up oneshots from personal oneshot/snippet threads but not from the global one .
so if you want your oneshots included start up your own personal thread to archive them .
there 's an rss https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/this-week.xml feed if you 're inclined that way .
if you 're technically inclined you can find the source for the generator over on github https github.com/iarna/worm-whats-new .
i 'm afraid the source is kinda garbage though .
you can also find the giiiagantic json file i use as source material .
for a more complete and dare i say pretty version visit the main page fanfic updates for sep 30th to oct 6th https shared.by.re-becca.org/misc/worm/2017-09-30.html
the bodega https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/the-bodega-post-canon-worm-au-my-hero-academia-crossover.574856 by verlotorium sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/574856 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/42291 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12676755
judgement night https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39853145 by regina magia sb https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39853145
dark and light black and white good and evil an endless fight ... https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/dark-and-light-black-and-white-good-and-evil-an-endless-fight-worm-done-my-way.573376 by happy poro sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/573376
foreign aid https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/foreign-aid-worm-au.573628 by bob the ordinary sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/573628
https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/guardians-unite-w-i-t-c-h-worm-au-taylor-alt-trio.42212 by nicola sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/42212 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/573953
a perfect immortal machine https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/a-perfect-immortal-machine-worm-system-shock-2.573481 by dyranum sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/573481
queen of swords https www.fanfiction.net/s/12672658/1 by dschingiskhan ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12672658
teatime with jane https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/teatime-with-jane-worm-sci-fi-au.573905 by skyrunner sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/573905
three headed dog v2.0 https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/three-headed-dog-v2-0-worm-mass-effect.574886 by wolfund sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/574886 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/42295
the transhumanist pocketcalendar https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/the-transhumanist-pocketcalendar-worm-si.42296 by count rushcore sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/42296
please explain https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/please-explain-worm-one-shot-au-snip.575111 by ack sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/575111 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/42311 qq https questionablequesting.com/threads/6395 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12677427
revelations https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/revelations-worm-highlander-one-shot.574499 by qai521 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/574499 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12676626
https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9369976 by guardian54 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/34913 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/523057 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12291502
el-ahrairah unveiling 7.1 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/40016396 by anderein sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/372987
fling a light the death of great american cities 2.05 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39856610 by ultraredspectrum sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/352263 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/11454142 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/21488
taking a new path log-iii love theory https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39995870 by reizetsubou sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/392456 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/29323
abaddon born e conception 1-3 https www.fanfiction.net/s/12670110/3 by publiclee speaking ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12670110
absolution 3.10 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9380270 by quantumsheep sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/27278 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/375877
ask not the sparrow how the eagle soars interlude 2 piggot https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39824800 by z.r .
average joe new game plus chapter 35 spilling https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39851924 by horizonthetransient sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/537487
because of the war the actors prepare https www.fanfiction.net/s/12659095/2 by shadows of vanity ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12659095
the bird of hermes 5.xx https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39812308 by grey dragon sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/510985 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/37352
blood and ink 2.1 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9406480 by nexusthedark sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41997 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/570478
breaking the game basically zombies https www.fanfiction.net/s/12650720/3 by dhagon ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12650720
a butterfly 's dream the naked city 2.b https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39998069 by st_andrastes_fire sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/551204
choices 9 noah https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39848582 by ghostofthefallen sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/568888
divided part 66 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39961859 by para_docks sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/396325
deleted content part 2 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39904763 by freebiewitz sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/513694
emissary reset 3.01 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39844481 by noelemahc sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/532150 qq https questionablequesting.com/threads/5996
the escalation alchemist chapter 3 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39851999 by lazuli sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/524794 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/38460
an essence of silver and steel trust 3.3 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9372125 by james d. fawkes sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39043 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12515214 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/21560
fault 2.1 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39824587 by everents sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/549176 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/11804583 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/40888
foundations foundations 3.4 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39846653 by hopeful penguin sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/474787
the girl of tomorrow update on hiatus https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39862184 by thuktun flishithy sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/381794 qq https questionablequesting.com/threads/3222 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/7076434 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/11860296 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/27374
glowworm chapter 25 we do n't need no sunny days https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39958469 by redshirt sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/343922 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/18930
gold and relative dimensions rogue 2.j jacob osserra https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9400462 by ellf sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/38743 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/528013
hazy days 1.6 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39889769 by kindaapatheticbutnice sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/559873
a hero and his witch chapter 21 day 4 part 2 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9376179 by theblacklight sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39308 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/535585
heromaker 's legacy 78.5 mistakes https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9374750 by thegrum sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/7589
in the traveler 's light dawn 2.7 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39930206 by sniperfrog sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/464791
inheritor of the tinker 's will inspiration 3 https www.fanfiction.net/s/12655529/3 by thevoiceofnearsanity ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12655529
inquisition chapter 30 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9401194 by reaper35 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/40985
intrepid interlude 16c marissa https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39909398 by cerulean sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/337516 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/17470 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/11224198
kill la khepri chapter 19 raindrops keep falling on my head https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39908063 by notziz sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/407443
the lady of the flies the queen 's ascension https www.fanfiction.net/s/12586479/8 by insanityincarnate90 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12586479 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/549653
mauling snarks chapter 15 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9374337 by cmptrwz sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41471
megiddo launch 1.3 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39835751 by thegoodsir sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/556749
mixed feelings omakes numbers game a youth guard 's lament https archiveofourown.org/works/8362273/chapters/27782145 by kithri ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/8362273
new litter lucky seven up chuck a maritime bedtime story https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9370833 by scottotheunwise sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41492
a new way to play 1-7 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9408196 by soundlesssteps sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39064 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/532330 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/11222979 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12534086
nice guy 's amazing adventures with those chaps he met from the slaughterhouse nice guy drinks with a buddy https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39841928 by frustratedfreeboota sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/510700 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39025
nimrod chapter 4 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39902471 by pita sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/560830 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12671179
one day 1-1 catch https www.fanfiction.net/s/12669449/2 by shrikne ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12669449
2.1 old resident https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39806059 by akallas von aerok sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/559666
the paragamer stage 1 houston arc 2.6 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39829783 by 0100010 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/496126
the paranorms the paranorms chapter 45 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39915959 by grim lord sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/544732 qq https questionablequesting.com/threads/5974 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39933 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/11554050 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12459326
peerless guardian roar 3 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39837320 by jayf sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/565459
pick your poison chapter 10 https www.fanfiction.net/s/12581389/12 by gamejunkie7 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12581389
pointless gestures interlude l.2 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39910325 by mentalgentleman sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/567607
the power of epona the power of epona vicarious chocolate surprize https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39867539 by tangent sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/492109
pretender grace 2.4 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39875399 by totalabsolutism sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/485353 qq https questionablequesting.com/threads/5023 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/35557
a prison of glass chapter 25 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39892628 by mcswazey sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/486424
queen of blood interlude avatars https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39942713 by sirwill sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/363842 qq https questionablequesting.com/threads/2757 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/11698925
reconcile 2.05 taylor https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39857711 by veozar sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/540148
ring-maker the sun sets on sophia 's hopes 2 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39823492 by lithosmaitreya sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/517894 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/11392257 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39492 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12557361
banners banners 9 the fall of the republic part two https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39813661 by s0ngd0g13 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/33924010
sandcastles bug tasting 1.3 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9385282 by spiritualslacker sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41736
39 the prelude of battle https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39986732 by stewart92 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/437215 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/32406
setanta ninsun 13.4 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39803587 by errantvagrant sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/351759
shangri-la stasis 2.6 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39882914 by thefat1 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/565528 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12644372
skitter studies boon 7.3 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9379121 by the laurent sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/36003
sleep with the lights on knowledge is power https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39839507 by iamarobot sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/520930
single parenting december 4 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39866621 by unwelcomestorm sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/459689 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/33812 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/8677384
a subtle knife scabbard 12.9 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39904811 by industrious sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/342043 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/24710
taylor costa-brown side story 1 rebecca and richard part one https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39826480 by omega_93 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/560476 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41155 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12660928 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/12174975
taylor varga shipment and lunchtime https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9375690 by mp3.1415player sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/32119 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12404721 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/7830346 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/398991
chapter 34 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39835478 by grim lord sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/559117 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12621766 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41049
to walk in shadow 1.5 pareidolia https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9370109 by marsyas sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41224 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12629808 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/561238
transfer student wish fulfilment first morning in aleph https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9369883 by segev sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41550
transposition or ship happens relentless dragonslayer by adisander https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9372285 by ensou sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/32456 ao3 https archiveofourown.org/works/7667854 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12086721
two steps forward one step back foundation 2.1 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39859292 by fantasticalcontrarian sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/568306
verdant chloroplast 1.3 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39849386 by rhys1812 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/566548
the weaver interlude 2 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/40016408 by the sleeping knight sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/549395
the wicked stars end of the nine start of something else .
wolf spider bitch 's new costume https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9370139 by the laurent sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39611
audacity damsel 's quest of distress disaster 6.4 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39852827 by frustratedfreeboota sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/534397 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39248
by the numbers your in the guild now https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39836477 by moonbug7 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/547207
the cycle of deicide spoiler policy part deux https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39847349 by cyrileom sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/376535
the drafting necromancy 2.4 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39849167 by teamfireyleader sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/513124
kool a rooster cocoa-brawn quest 1.2 mucho concrete 1 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39815392 by maroon_sweater sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/568714 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41885
mage quest 4.6 https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39841196 by yuki no yue sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/523255
magical girl escalation taylor civil war 8.6 https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9374345 by silently watches sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/28074 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/385444 ff https www.fanfiction.net/s/12380854
masks 2.8 planning and new wave https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9374429 by z488411 sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41103
chapter 19 about the wards https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9393459 by rhydeble sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/39750 sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/541750
snatching victory 1.10 rumble https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/posts/9372515 by xicree sv https forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/41272
no-one asked for this xiii https forums.spacebattles.com/posts/39802081 by cyrileom sb https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/470213
hey everyone i 'll be graduating this year and am currently in a bit of a pickle and would appreciate some advice .
i recently got an offer for a busy season internship with a regional firm .
i have loved everyone at the office and it seems like a great place to stay for a while .
i would prefer a work/life balance so this seems like a good fit .
however i got a full-time offer from a mid-tier firm and have an interview coming up with one of the b4 for a full-time position .
i really think the regional firm would be a better fit but it 's only an internship and the full-time offer is not guaranteed .
they have a solid history of hiring interns but you never know .
could it even be possible to use the mid-tier offer to negotiate for a full-time offer or higher hourly pay from the regional firm ?
i need a suggestion for a veterinarian who does a thorough exam gets a full history and actually tries to find out what 's wrong with your pet .
i know people who have had bad experiences with both of those places .
inspired by the recurring unpopular opinions thread i was wondering about the anxieties related to the game that players may have that likewise go unmentioned .
if you have any bizarre feelings of apprehension stress or guilt related to feh post them here !
i 'll start off with a few to give an idea .
i feel guilty whenever i use a unit with a good iv for skill inheritance so strongly that i actually hold off on it in many cases .
i frantically check through arena assault and gauntlet leaderboards to look at other people 's leaders to make sure that my builds for the same units are n't completely idiotic and that i 'm not suffering a massive lapse in judgement .
no we do n't wash our arses with our hands and then eat using the same hand wtf ! !
im hating both assaults guns.. first gun too weak second gun a bad smg..
the second gun for heavy is good the first sucks ass..
officer depends on which side you are the first pistol i find the rebels pistol is great then the droids is shooting blanks.. and the second pistol is fine
specialist.. both rifles are weak theres no 1 hit ko slow bolt action rifle its all semi-auto
i want ea to confirm if there will be atleast two more weapons per class to get more variety in the game play as i am currently wanting more guns per class..
this is the best tl dr i could make original http abcnews.go.com/international/handful-us-citizens-reported-health-attacks-visiting-cuba/story ? id=50334127 amp cid=social_twitter_abcnp reduced by 36 .
one week after the trump administration issued a travel warning for cuba it said that a quot handful quot of americans who traveled to the island country reported to the state department that they quot experienced symptoms similar quot to those affecting nearly two dozen embassy personnel in havana .
if verified the claims in the statement from the state department would mark a dramatic escalation of the ongoing mystery that has vexed u.s. investigators and so far only affected government personnel .
quot a handful of u.s. citizens who recently traveled to cuba have communicated to us that they experienced symptoms similar to those listed in our sept. 29 travel warning quot a state department official told abc news .
quot we can not verify the claims and continue to urge american citizens to review our travel warning prior to traveling to cuba. quot .
in contrast secretary of state rex tillerson said in a statement just last week quot we have no reports that private u.s. citizens have been affected quot although some attacks have occurred in hotels reportedly frequented by american tourists .
state department spokesperson heather nauert maintained that the u.s. does not find cuba guilty of the attacks but does hold them responsible for protecting american diplomats on their soil .
summary source http smmry.com/http abcnews.go.com/international/handful-us-citizens-reported-health-attacks-visiting-cuba/story ? id=50334127 amp cid=social_twitter_abcnp faq http autotldr.io 226986 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords american 1 state 2 department 3 cuba 4 warning 5
post found in r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/74v675/handful_of_us_citizens_reported_health_attacks r/umukhasimautonews http np.reddit.com/r/umukhasimautonews/comments/74quwb/abc_handful_of_us_citizens_reported_health r/autonewspaper http np.reddit.com/r/autonewspaper/comments/74qu68/world_handful_of_us_citizens_reported_health r/thecolorisblue http np.reddit.com/r/thecolorisblue/comments/74qu0e/handful_of_us_citizens_reported_health_attacks and r/abcauto http np.reddit.com/r/abcauto/comments/74qtsc/world_handful_of_us_citizens_reported_health .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
so i just got challenged by a male bathroom attendant for using the ladies in the middle of town i 'm in the uk and this is a right that transwomen have had for a good while now who banged on the cubicle door mid ... abluting and loudly proclaimed that a man was had been reported using this cubicle and demanded to know who i was .
unfortunately the fist thing to come out of my mouth was negative i am a meat popsicle . ''
fortunately i happened to find my old army id in my purse admittedly which totally forgot i had which had my acquired gender markers on it .
so here i am sat outside in the rain having a victory vape and thanking the stars i had fifth element during last night 's ironing xd
ok so it 's believed that goku 's proposal apparently saved '' at least 1 of 8 universes in which a wish could bring everyone that was erased back to life .
so many come to the conclusion that without goku 7 universes should get erased .
but future zamasu and all the other universes are still intact cause he killed all the god which means that goku 's proposal meant nothing .
literally the only thing that 's different about the ft timeline prior to the zero mortals plan is that the z fighters are dead and goku never met the kai 's god or zeno .
so if anything somehow goku 's existence did put the universes in danger because him meeting all of them is the only thing that 's different in the ft timeline that could effect the multiverse .
some could say the top may have happened and all the universe were saved '' ok but then ft zamasu should 've wanted jiren 's body and should 've started his zero mortal plan long before he met black .
since all it took was him seeing ssj goku 's power to go through with it .
everytime i read a post from someone aged 14 to 18 complaining about their parents not letting them do things with friends/boyfriends alone or having sleepovers with the opposite sex or how they have no privacy ... .i find myself agreeing with the parents .
you 're still a fucking child you know nothing of the world .
then it hits me that i 'm only 23 and i was the same way .
and we thought we knew it all sometimes still do think it .
never thought i 'd ever admit that mom and dad know more than i could ever hope to know .
up until a couple months ago they used zoomers then eatstreet to deliver from restaurants that did n't have drivers now it only works for places that already have their own drivers chinese pizza etc
i feel like so much has happened and it 's already gotten to the point where people are killing each other without much thought .
what is the reasoning behind it only being a few months since the start of things ?
to me it feels more like it should be in 6-9 month range .
i just do n't understand the narrative purpose of having such little time have passed and it makes places like the bazaar and the culture of the dam dante was in control much less believable .
did n't nick also become fairly conversational at spanish during his time at the colonia ?
that would 've been what 2-3 weeks and this kid has learned spanish ?
with the way the show is handling time how long could it have really been since the clarks first arrived at the ranch up until now .
that just seems like such a short amount of time considering all that 's happened especially the shifting power dynamics and how the clark 's have found themselves in a leadership role .
just seems like a lot to have happened in such a short time .
i 😋get the bag🎒 and flip🖕 it and tumble🌀 it
and she gon ' fuck up👉👌 a bag 👜 yeah
pull up 🆙 to the spot🔴 livin ' too fast⏩ yeah
in italy🇮🇹 got two foreign hoes👢 they dm🗨 me ooh brr ayy
drop 📉 the top🔝 when it 's cold❄ drop top
yeah do n't hype up tsm just yet cause last year at worlds in the first week of group stages tsm had pretty similar results .
and in the second week they got shit on and never made it out of groups ! !
i know i can stream my xbox games to my pc but is there a way to reverse this
hey everyone so i 'm trying to install some mods for watch dogs the original game not the sequel and i 'm running into a couple of problems .
the first problem is that the installation instructions for the mods i 'd like to install are lacking or entirely absent .
the second problem is that the watch dogs mod installer tool which most of my mods seem to recommend using appears to be broken .
can anyone help me fix these problems and get these mods installed ?
this is probably a stupid question but do i need to start a new career mode in order to get the new improvements from the title update ?
i 've already invested a lot of time into my current save and would n't want to have to start a new one .
so i want to start streaming in the twitch irl category but i have no idea how or where to start .
so far i 've made a twitch account and downloaded the irltv app on my phone .
you do n't have to answer them chronologically i just seriously need help .
i bought a 2006 freightliner sprinter 2500 a few months ago and while preparing for a road trip i decided to put on new tires since the old ones seemed to be worn a little unevenly .
when ordering the new tires i put in the same info from the sidewall but then i got a call from tirerack telling me they ca n't sell me these tires for my van because they 're passenger tires and i need light truck tires .
i said the p tires are on there now and he encouraged me to contact a lawyer because it 's illegal to put those kind of tires on a vehicle like this .
i ended up putting the lt tires on and everything is fine for now .
i 'm doing a fist only run but am trying to get overpowered as one can with no weapon .
the plan so far is to level the shit out of str .
if you were to vote for any party today who would you vote for ?
he says that there 's a special kind of grade a people in the world and everyone else then he says i 'm like everyone else .
i though i was supposed to score a grade a on a level or something but i already did that and he still says the same .
i have already beat the game and scored an s performance as well .
does he just say that and there 's nothing you can do about it ?
i was hoping to get a coin from him or something .
i 'm still missing one so i can buy the last item from the pig .
i recall having it as early as 5 or 6 just didnt know what it was until i was almost 17 .
i have had anxiety attacks and mostly just moderate to severe daily anxiety .
im wondering if anyone else kind of feels this horrific feeling of being almost detached from ones body during an anxiety attack ?
also whilst im here i have always used a piece of satin blanket when im relaxing or trying to at home .
i take it with me overnight if i am away etc .
i was thinking of this the other day and thought i must be considered weird to people that i have this .
its just so comforting the feel of it and i sort of work my way around the edge of it continuously .
so i 've fallen in love with none other than the magic wand halloween soap and i ca n't imagine waiting til next halloween to have it again if it even will !
so i need advice on how much i should stock up on to last me until next time .
i have a lot of soaps/gels in rotation so i 'd say i would use it 1-3 times a week if that helps with estimating how much i 'll need .
also any experiences on smell or effectiveness deteriorating in hoarded soaps ?
i do n't know if this is fake fire and ice or tri-color or whatever if someone could let me know and give me a rough price i would appreciate it .
where she 's confident but then is moaning/wet for the opponent .
not sure of a better way to describe it .
hey basically i 'm asking if someone can upload the wim hof fundamentals course realised in 2017 .
because i do n't wa n't to pay it .
today i can remember what i did last night and not be ashamed of a blackout .
i could not do that when i was drinking .
i could not do that when i was drinking .
i could not do that when i was drinking .
i am currently using quad collection and noticed that a new one called quad mass renewal kit '' had appeared .
does anyone know what the difference is between them ?
you used to be able to entirely fill your inventory up with seeds and pickpocket the master farmer .
no xp was given for any seeds that didnt go into your inventory .
today you cant even attempt to pickpocket the master farmer because your inventory is full .
video evidence of master farmer being pickpocketed with a full inventory at about 46 seconds in 2015 osrs thanks ronbest
i ca n't seem focus on anything lately and a large reason why is because of my negative inner voice .
it tells me about how worthless and pathetic i am and criticizes me on every small mistake or bad thing i do .
ironically it criticizing me on making mistakes makes me more likely to make more mistakes .
my grades have been falling lately and i think it 's at least partially because of it .
i try to ignore it but it usually does n't work .
or am i just being a self-loathing piece of shit ?
question on cobb 's stage 1 for 2015 wrx as i am very new to this
on cobb 's site it says regarding the requirements for stage 1 boost targets 19.0psi peak boost pressure tapering down as you approach the 6900rpm redline 1.5psi . ''
it also says how to monitor the target boost the best way to determine if you are hitting target boost is to watch the td boost error parameter .
this parameter is your target boost including altitude and temperature compensations minus your actual boost negative values mean you are over the target by the amount while positive values mean you are under .
ideally you want this value to be between 0 and 1.0 at wide open throttle wot but 1.5 to 1.5 is acceptable assuming that you do n't have any significant knock corrections . ''
how to i know i 'm hitting target boost ?
do i just go wide open throttle on the road and watch my cobb ap 's td boost error '' gauge ?
if my target boost is off how do i adjust or correct it ?
oh boy this is a hard idea to sell ...
anyways i 'm jamie and i 've been playing a lot of fallout 4 and skyrim beyond skyrim bruma released on console and i 'm hype recently so i 've been wanting to do scenes about then .
i do n't really like straight scenes too much anymore they 're just ... meh .
but i like women myself and i love gay scenes all around so here we are .
oh if you 've yet to catch on gay works with f4f and m4m as you should probably know .
i 'd like to keep this exploration/adventure focused moreso than sexual though sex scenes will obviously exist mostly because i love the quests and storytelling of the games .
if you 're interested please send me a message and we 'll see what we can do with/to each other !
submissive m for erotic hypnosis session looking to be made in to sex slave m or f do n't matter i have kik and skype
ipmi and port 1 are on my management network .
if i 'm using it as a router then 1/2 is lan 3/4 is isp 1 2 .
even if the player can not die would you still consider it acceptable for there to be a game over ?
the playable character in ico https gaminggraveyard.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/ico-yorda-run-for-the-doors.jpg could not die but his partner could and failing to protect your partner meant game over .
if a game-over is not something you want do you still intend for the player to take a break from combat upon defeat ?
if not might as well make the player invincible but encourage good fighting through other means longer combo chains without being interrupted higher scores increased power as long as you are not touched etc .
if you do intend to have the player take a break upon defeat you can always have the player teleport/escape to a nearby spot with just a sliver of health and no more enemy aggro .
stakes can always be increased by increasing what you lose upon dying money souls a bit of max health that you can only get back by defeating your defeater .
sky 's the limit if imagination does n't get in the way first .
i would like to be able to transfer my playlists to and from my phone .
also the ability to edit song metadata would be great .
i extracted all of my playlists from xml just to use it .
question was what would you tell a stranger on reddit that you would n't tell anyone in real life ? ''
also that is the only thing the guy has done on his account .
i feel he must 've been desperate to get it off of his chest .
given the way lynch/frost feel about the development of the original run i would say just my opinion of course that season 1 the first few episodes of season 2 the last episode of season 2 and fwwm are required viewing for season 3 .
the missing pieces may not be required but are probably good supplemental material that could prove helpful .
i do n't know why people do n't get this .
it 's not fun seeing the same damn card in every deck .
wait they 're not doing a physical release for stardew ?
i could 've sworn they did one for the xb1 and ps4 versions .
one person smoking in an office is one thing ... but this room at the airport has at least a dozen people chain smoking for dear life at least 18 hours a day .
i 'm just fucking with you cause your original comment was so ridiculously obvious .
the last time this was posted i remembered watching gumby at my grandmothers house maybe 20 years ago so i looked it up on youtube .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/74sew4/am_i_a_sociopath_when_i_found_out_a_about_the and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if it is a badly dubbed low budget kung fu film about underground vexillology then take my money !
if this call causes boise to lose the game then it will suck for them regardless of who or who is n't at fault .
used to be friends with a guy that was like this .
he also happened to be a local dj we gave him the nickname dj one up
that 's good that it sounds difficult to make because it 's pretty ambitious .
it 's not generic but idk some of the themes might be .
i will say this there are people in this story who do things that will make your blood boil .
the way you define protagonist the air matter that wipes out the birds the aerial equivalent to humanity might be just that because it technically drives the story forward .
you assume something about me and you discredit my opinion based on the information i provided you about my skin colour .
racism is n't an exclusive right of one group .
i 'd be the minority in most countries and i can assure you that you 'll be treated like that in a fair amount of them .
also even if you were right that would n't discredit my opinion .
you can look up if i downvoted ypu if you click on my name and go to downvotd '' to see what i downvoted .
either there 's some condition to being able to check that for you or it 's only for your own account .
remember when she was trying to stump for ted cruz ?
there 's a lot of talk about cliqz being added to 1 of new installs in germany .
it set off a lot of red flags for me .
is she not going to die some day like all of us ?
just kidding thug 's an asshole there 's no denying it .
bama gets shoved a lot of places they do n't belong .
or after hearing someone say something good that happened to them them they start a sentence with that 's sorta like ... ''
this may sound crazy but ... .the uniforms we 're wearing have zero effect on how we play .
the point here is the example email rejection you posted sounds like a typical form rejection email .
this post was really vague i 'm curious if she defected to the american chess team or actually got us citizenship/residency .
also persian chicks are fuckin gorgeous god damn now i know why so many men in iran want them rocking hijabs tryna hide and keep all those beautiful women to themselves buncha schemers
alone in the dark 1982 i first caught it on tcm underground a number of years ago .
i actually do n't think dusty baker did anything really boneheaded in this game .
idk that i 'd be super excited about xmas vacationing there vs carribean but it does n't excuse gf being an entitled selfish douche-canoe
is n't that only if all drives have the same data ?
i wonder what shill smith has to say about this .
man i feel so bad for the regions outside of europe ... we still have objective min lvl 10 7v7 and 8v8 servers .
just a hell of a lot less of them .
well we actually have a lot but they are somehow rarely populated .
i barely ever get into a min lvl 10 sever nowadays ... fuck cmm i guess ...
also to properly use the springs you have to hit them with some momentum to get the rebound '' or bounce effect .
i 'll like your page but i have no friends .
if you think it 's too expensive the best way to get at them is actually to just not buy it and maybe contact the label/band .
posting on reddit does very little to help your cause .
it 's closer to the release and war of the gods is not organized by nrs but e league is .
now i am going to stop reading the manga and will wait for the anime to catch up to see what happens next on the big screen .
life like love is just so bountiful so i say it is time to do it again .
because small me would n't have been able to say to correctly .
we should have won and would have if girardi challenged the call like he should have but to deny the fact that you guys came back would be unfair .
you guys came back and won fair and square .
are we allowed to be pissed at our manager ?
absolutely but that 's not to take away from how you guys played the game .
normally i try to be you do you '' but those are awful .
the weird ass spelling of bentley is the worst offender .
how come you use efficacy instead of something like void manip since it seems you scale mostly chaos damage ?
i do n't hence not knowing what it 's worth '' .
did n't even think to take one before they were all replaced .
this was also before there was reason to be confused about what happened monday morning .
totally understand being doubted though would n't be too hard to confirm with any other vegas local .
yeah i started questioning his mental state when he was talking about how he wished having sex slaves was legal a few days ago .
the right has consistently been on the wrong side of history .
republicans fought to end slavery while the democrats fought to keep it in place .
republicans supported civil rights while democrats were forming the kkk .
democrats sympathized with both the nazi 's and the soviets .
buddy it was democrats who intertwined marriage and the state after the civil war so they could keep black people from marrying white people .
we fought against that and being the consistent guys we are we said in response to gay marriage that the government should get out of the way entirely .
i personally would be fine with the map just ending where it ends now if they enabled floaters .
i could live with that until eventually new terrain was added beyond the playable boundaries like they did on risa .
draws are n't common enough to 'fix ' either .
everything is a compromise and there 's no need to compromise the majority of close matches in case there is a draw .
for example it 'd ruin the end of really close games when the teams just play for extra time like they often do in football .
also what happens at the end of extra time ? ?
thankfully for those woeful souls that do n't have gengar solgaleo rises for the dawn of a new era maybe lol
please remember our golden rule thou shalt not vote or comment in linked threads or comments and in linked threads or comments thou shalt not vote or comment .
it 's bad form and the admins will suspend your account if they catch you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/topmindsofreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
a friend of mine likes drawing tanks once i pimped his chaffee he was pretty mad at first but when he saw the nos bottle he knew it was some serious mod
i know my admittedly limited experience does n't instill any confidence however .
i 've had some leo bomb squads share completely wrong procedures .
accepted the 8 month even though i wanted a summer because of the salary lol
ufo is so synonymous with alien life that people forget it literally means we do n't know what it is .
i saw a 4 engine prop plane fly over my house the other day but as it was off in the distance approaching it was a ufo because i have no idea what was coming my way i saw a large black speck moving toward me .
i 've had sinus problems annually for a few years now but the doctors said it 's unrelated and the same symptoms will probably still show up
some generous amount of lube might help with your search
when you open a private new window it 's not there in r/all .
you 're not at the minimum standards get some karma and come back in a few days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/navyseals if you have any questions or concerns .
i generally sit in front of one side with my back facing it .
the sub is a perfect height for drilling the bass through your chest .
the reason for the slightly odd speaker placements is that internally we segmented the sub and tweeters so that the air pressure differentials from the subs are isolated .
way cheaper than a smoke machine but you really need a fan ...
i found the opposite started playing the witness depression went away finished it went back to regular life without lugging that pesky depression around with me everywhere .
still re-play it every few months to rebalance my psyche and priorities in general
squirrels do have sharp teeth and they do occasionally eat meat
dude lashley has been fucking awesome for years where have you been ?
can confirm am an early september baby who came a few weeks early !
dh fil bil grandma and mil all have birthdays that month .
incels may be whiny but they do have a point .
looks are very important in the dating game and simply being a kind hearted dude wo n't score you any points with the ladies .
we are told that looks do n't matter and all we need is to have good hygiene clothes and personality then we would have any girl we wanted .
the truth is you first have to be good looking to be considered and then they look into your character .
i tried being a nice guy and all i got was overweight women .
i started acting like i jerk and i still got the same overweight women .
i 'm not really handsome but i 'm still fit and healthy which means i 'm better looks-wise than the overweight gals .
the kicker is that these women rarely chase other overweight men of their level and always go for those who are a few notches above them such as me thus proving the concept of hypergammy .
no matter how much of a jerk i try to be they just keep coming back for more insults .
i made it in feet on purpose cause this is an american reddit page when i bought it it was listed in metres
i mean i 'd happily have taken breaking rocks in jail over shooting people i know .
i would n't have been ordered to kill friends and family .
i 'd be moved away from my area because obviously i have ties there .
there 's a lot more information on troops now it would be kinda easy to move them away from where they would refuse to fight .
this is n't a conspiracy theory this is how i as a kinda asshole person would foster civil war as someone in charge of military movements and targets .
there is no one person in charge of that btw but i already typed a lot so fuck it .
if i was the one moving myself to a place i was uncomfortable in i 'm from philly i 'd move myself to salt lake city .
so it would be explained to me that there is a serious problem in a small area with a particular group and how they have behaved in such a way as to make themselves a local military power or target .
the how '' would be different depending on whether it 's a street gang or a backwoods road gang .
it really does get confusing when you 're looking at it this way .
i knew pretty much nothing about where they move me to this is pretty usual unless they 've started with some welcome to the nice new base here 's the coddling stuff about your new neighborhood we made you move to ya wimp ! ''
so i am from a pretty normal area who is primed to believe that the random armed folks are some weirdo people who are really pretty anti-american i 've watched tv i know what they 're like !
also i 've been trained by breaking me down and building me up a bit so i 'm also slightly more willing to obey commands than my own ideas .
that 's actually not terrible most of the time i did sign on for it but when it goes bad it gets awful toot sweet .
satire aside it 's not how many people will kill friends and family '' you have to worry about .
it 's how many military folks have been left to live their lives outside the general brownian motion of society to get their own edges knocked off so they see civilians as brothers and sisters too .
queer-theory queer studies queer radicalism are pretty new terms .
well it does n't have to be like console-size small .
just small enough that it 's easy for me to move around .
my current pc is massive and i have no need for a larger motherboard ya know ?
sir you most certainly know how to seduce a lady .
i would definitely recommend trying an rta before getting into diy if you prefer mtl and are looking for better flavor .
i started with the nautilus mini using 1.8 bvc coils and found it was a night and day difference when i switched to a kayfun lite plus v2 sadly that was almost three years ago and mtl tech has n't improved much since then but rta is still the way to go for better flavor assuming you have a good build .
it 's also not nearly as difficult as i originally feared and it 's even easier with the coil making gizmos they have these days .
i would recommend a kayfun mini v3 and if you do n't want to spring for an authentic i hear the sxk clone is decent .
i still run a kfl v2 but they 're hard to find and there 's a couple others that some people like such as the taifun but the newer versions are similar to the kayfun 5 and are too airy for traditional mtl without adding an airflow reducer .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have questions first click here https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules to see a full explanation
link to message the entire mod team read the relevant faq section about your removal first though https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhmmm
i had both and honestly the g6 camera looked like crap from a pc .
in high school i gave myself vocal nodes trying to sing in the tenor range things that should have tipped me off but did n't ... .
singing as a girl was wonderful and fun and also dysphoric .
i miss my upper range now that i 'm on t. that does n't make me less of a guy but it makes me feel like it .
now keep in mind i 'm flaming gay and that makes sense but i avoid wearing them because i hate how they immediately gender me as a girl .
i spent a lot of energy sorting through the mess of liking feminine things and still being a guy .
i do n't have advice for you just similar experiences .
you already know that it does n't make you less valid that you do gender non conforming things like playing the flute .
i agree it 's crazy to drop out now .
literally just a couple more months and you 'll have a degree .
i think if you drop out it 'll be so much harder to go back and continue later .
that feels pretty cost efficient if you ask me .
sure the current version is welcoming to new comers however if they were to make the drastic end game changes that are needed that 's basically lying to those new comers .
bungie wanted it to be this way and unless prestiege mode magically changes anything than this is what they wanted end game to be .
i would n't go on the trip if it 's just an escape .
i find relief work is often draining emotionally unless you 're really passionate about it .
but if it 's a way for you feel like you 're making a difference in the world and in some kids ' lives which you would be then go for it !
also talk it out with your gf and tell you 've been feeling low lately and are considering this trip for even more insight from someone who knows you
no concern for soldiers whether they be in the air or on the ground .
a bit more of a concern for a single gunman attempting to kill innocent civilians .
you do realize that in the earth of star trek they 're still capitalist right ?
they have little use for them because of replicator technology but some products and services ca n't be replicated and are n't free .
for example while starfleet officers get free housing regular citizens do not .
they also use latinum to trade/buy/sell with other alien races .
it 's a myth that star trek is communist and it became really popular after that filmtheory video on it .
it can also be misleading because most of star trek takes place on starships where there 's even less of a need for money but if you pay attention besides betting on shifts they also bet federation credits and replicator rations which on a closed ship can be considered a form of currency .
when they take shore leave on alien planets how do you think they pay for things ?
i 'm not saying it is an instance of a free market or that it is capitalism but government spending as percent of gdp does n't seem to indicate it is a socialist country either .
some of the parts of it dragged on a bit longer than i would have preferred but overall it was great
i think we all wish we started along this path at a younger age .
if i had to take a guess i would say it likely that someone reported a suspicious person wherever this is and the cops have to take every report seriously in full battle regalia
honestly i was n't that happy with my first velvet rat .
not to interested in the shock or veloce tho .
sitting on the deck in the sun reading a book listening to tunes cold beer ...
i ate a lot of pizza and drank a lot of scotch so i 'm really happy .
but i 'm sitting on my porch listening to stand up comedy right now .
we are n't actually advocating murder of them right ?
battlefield 1 certainly is n't advocating for the murder of germans or turks .
but we still play it and do n't worry about the germans being the bad guys despite them now being our friends .
the same can be said for many video games that portray fictionalized history .
costa is still in turin anyway so there should n't be any need to wait for the international break to be over to chat with him .
bentancur has been a revelation and allegri has put a ton of trust in him already .
i do n't see why he would need a lecture about anything .
does bluetooth 4.2 vs 4 really matter from a consumer standpoint ?
sidar kondo of jamuraa https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/c16/42.jpg ? 1506814053 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=sidar 20kondo 20of 20jamuraa sf https scryfall.com/card/c16/42 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! sidar 20kondo 20of 20jamuraa er http edhrec.com/cards/sidar 20kondo 20of 20jamuraa
adriana capain of the guard https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/cn2/73.jpg ? 1496451926 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=adriana 2c 20captain 20of 20the 20guard sf https scryfall.com/card/cn2/73 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! adriana 2c 20captain 20of 20the 20guard er http edhrec.com/cards/adriana 2c 20captain 20of 20the 20guard
messenger lite free calls messages https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.facebook.mlite free rating 88/100 search for 'messenger lite ' on the play store https play.google.com/store/search ? q=messenger+lite
i have the exact same pair that 's where it all started for me
that should n't happen at all though steamworks api should ensure that the icons are rescaled into three sizes which are then used for all things steam 's integrated in .
also good taste painkiller guy forgot his name was one of my targets for making a client voicemod .
firstly you 've stated that i said that kimi can never beat hamilton '' and now you 've pulled this statement out of your arse .
can you please point out where i said kimi ca n't beat hamilton when hamilton has the fastest car '' ?
no other aircraft could sport the tiger teeth as well as this model .
i want there to always be another challenge another map where i get my ass kicked another boss or just set of maps where i truly feel i need better gear or a 6l or a good corruption or whatever else to handle it .
i want a reason to keep grinding not be done with the game after 70 hours of playtime because oops my build oneshots mobs in a t13 map at level fucking 43 not hyperbole i fucking did that .
sure i could get it more tanky and did but at the end of the day it 's mostly just to avoid dying to random shots that the mobs luckily fire off before i kill them .
i just do n't understand why it makes such a difference to you that i ca n't have my fun .
you 're more than welcome to go a few tiers lower and rip shit apart .
i would like content that i can go up against and actually fail to .
it gives me a reason to play to get better .
edit by the way because i misread your meaning you can make the endgame a cakewalk in that 60-70 hours like i said .
right now i do n't have the option i would like .
you have your cakewalk why are n't you enjoying it ?
and steve martin and patrick stewart have pretty much looked 60 for the last few decades
dick in a box already has a sequel song .
it follows on into another lonely island sog called mother lovin ''
it 's not hard to add a new part to the game with the current setup .
and it 's not really even adding things to the game it 's just a glorified re-skin with different values .
i want the game to be open-source so we are n't limited to such low level modding .
also it 's not really a great '' mod when anyone can just make hundreds of parts with different values hell i created a generator in python that will do just this with random values or just retexture old sprites to make them pretty .
that 's literally the same as everyone else 's mod minus graphic design .
nothing but your pixel art separates yours from others .
you should be able to create new fuel types new part types new structural formatting .
you should be able to mod how things act when activated you should be able to do a lot but this game leaves a lack of it .
making sr1 open-source will fix a lot of those issues .
as for the games themselves sr1 modding is dead and the game is practically dead minus the minute few whom post on this forum or play it out of boredom .
as for sr2 even though the devs have stated they are working on it now but do n't hold your breathe i see it falling into the same trap as sr1 .
if it ever is released i see modding to be just as limited as sr1 .
as i stated above i would 've been interested if your mod '' had added something new never been done before .
that is why my criteria was but if its just re-textured 'custom ' fuel tanks engines etc i 'm not interested . ''
so you do n't have to link it anymore seeing as that 's exactly what it is .
i try to be above base things and instead speak to the heart of what 's said .
not to be rude toward any party here but there is very little hard clinical evidence to suggest that fluid intake helps fight a cold http www.nytimes.com/2011/01/11/health/11really.html .
getting slightly dehydrated will often make you feel bad regardless of whether you are sick and if you already have a cold it might make you feel even worse ...
so it 's a good idea to stay hydrated but there is no reason to drink an abnormally high amount of water because you have a cold .
not saying it 's a bad idea to remind people to drink more fluids if you are sick and are lying around in bed feeling miserable and sleeping you might end up drinking less than normal .
but there is n't robust research that suggests your body 's requirement for fluids increases with a cold .
why do you want the spellcasting to be so powerful ?
that 's going to be really tricky to balance because there is no presence for a 2/3 spellcaster from a single class in the official or ua classes and it sounds exactly like a hexblade .
i love how it 's an entire squad and not just one guy .
mixed it up with it 's german word which is simply 'tacho ' .
your submission has been removed because questions that ask why do n't ... . '' and why does n't ... '' are rarely concepts .
typically they are speculative suggestions and better suited for r/nostupidquestions .
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/74tkxg/eli5_why_doesnt_a_bouncing_bubble_make_ripples 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0alink to a search you performed 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
my only complaint is that i feel it 's too gentle looking .
i adore this flag but i feel like the 3 leaf is too pretty .
the latest offer by a management group led by executive chairman brandon stranzl to buy sears and keep it running fails to provide creditors with a better recovery than selling the retailer 's assets separately to others
in other words it sounds like sears is worth more for parts than as sears .
that does not bode well for the company 's future as a going concern .
60 lap feature street stock class 7 camber with a 3 offset
rereading invisible boy by cornelia read the third book in her madeline dare series .
plot-wise it 's a relatively straightforward mystery but what really makes the book is the protagonist madeline dare .
i love her character so much i 'd read any story with her in it .
i could see that being an interesting april fools ' day gag .
glad to see you got a code u do n't need when there were people not getting tickets cause they were gone
welcome to last season on xbox hopefully fps issues across the board get fixed .
edit the fucking hashtag makes my letters big fucking cool .
when will all these mobile oems learn that non-removable batteries are a bust.. ?
batteries need more than internal 'piped ' airflow for heat dissipation or they fail/swell .
there are ways to waterproof have a removable battery the gs5 already proved as much .
they simply never bothered to improve upon the tech in later devices .
also all the planets in our solar system would fit into the distance between earth and moon .
i can just imagine a movie about trump played by wallace shaun who played the grand nagus .
campaign is pretty much the same the multiplayer is a bit desolate in some of the game modes though i would recommend just sticking with the mcc
they would be if you soaked them in sweet soy milk for a bit .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.straitstimes.com/forum/letters-in-print/everyone-should-have-the-sgsecure-app reduced by 58 .
the app enables the police and the singapore civil defence force to send alerts to the public in times of emergencies and the public to report suspicious activities .
the app which enables the police and the singapore civil defence force to send alerts to the public in times of emergencies and for the public to report suspicious activities is part of the sgsecure movement that was launched last year .
this app is far more efficient than dialling 999 if we want to report something .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/74tkwv/everyone_should_have_the_sgsecure_app faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.65 223745 tl drs so far . ''
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords app 1 report 2 public 3 singapore 4 sgsecure 5
using coniferous on a g80-1851 right now and can confirm the 6u spacebar is off-centered and that 's the only stem it has .
issya boy dongmeister here to be the content police .
nah disintegrate should also be able to destroy it .
i 'm actually just in general interested in working in investment .
all those other species forgot to celebrate july 4th as independence day ... or as it 's known in the id4 universe now double indepenence day .
a little bit is really good in pure '' black teas no added aromas .
i never thought so but after i tried it once it was really good .
mellows it a bit but do n't add too much !
it 's just a control issue if they simply make aiming 1:1 or do a warthunder style aiming control it will be a done issue fixed deadly and done forever .
honestly we need to look at how 38 of the population has been brainwashed since the lifting of the fairness doctrine on the 80s .
there 's no reason that fox rush et al should be allowed to lie to people so brazenly and disguise it as news .
i mean it 's a dynamic that 's been prevalent in human society since ... the dawn of man ?
men in positions of power often depending on the field they are working in will always have that temptation to abuse it for personal pleasure .
it probably happens in a lot of fields of business but entertainment especially where everyone is trying to be somebody especially dudes at the top of their companies .
there are so many variables involved in life that trying to change anything seems like an insurmountable task .
add in depression and things are just like living a nightmare .
the only stimulation i get is from gaming i 've tried just about every drug you could think of .
it 's obviously my problem and i 've come to terms with it but life is just shit for some people .
as a north-easterner i 'm a real judgmental cunt so i get your point and for most people it 's true .
but some people just get up every day and feel like they 're half dead mentally .
like having to socialize and be nice and fake at work is a fate worse than death .
and since my only passion is gaming and even gaming does n't quite cut it anymore it 's rough when a game is n't as good as you expect .
the thing about uefa is that those western countries have crazy support groups .
turkey montenegro bosnia and more have a giant ultras culture that 's incredibly intimidating away .
flairs violence and general loudness are common over there .
first one i ever saw was in a playboy magazine i do n't remember how old i was when i saw it .
your submission has been removed due to your account not reaching the karma threshold we have set .
we encourage you to participate in communities of things you find interesting first in order to build up karma .
we are witholding the current karma limit as it is being changed based on feedback .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
you can word it in as many different ways as you like i do n't believe for a second ripple will grow that much in 2 months i do n't believe it 's possible .
the reanimated hashirama would have the same strength as the alive hashirama .
hashirama does n't get any new tricks after dying except being harder to kill after being reanimated .
i think the marlins would want benintendi or devers not bogaerts or bradley since they 're free agents in the coming years
that 's not comparable thanks to the fact that one of those groups shouts nazi slogans way before they commit violence which means there should n't be any people left at that point that are part of that group by mistake and just did n't know they are surrounded by nazis .
it 's clearly much worse and much more condemnable to be part of a group supporting an ideology like white supremacy than it is to be part of a group whose ideology '' simply is to be against nazis .
but i 'm a fan of melissa and she has a really strong personality .
she didnt care to go after loris even when loris ' fans were sending her death threats .
either way i do see similarities between valentina and melissa 's make up but even melissa has been accused of copying '' other queens make up .
i think they both have copied trends that are popular in the instagram drag circle tbh
that tends to happen when the racist group of people you are a part of were responsible for over six million deaths not even a century ago .
especially when you kill someone during one of your gatherings .
i think air force does the best job of incorporating more conventional elements into its offense than any other option oriented team .
they 'd be a pain in the ass to prepare for .
i think troy calhoun should really be on more schools ' radars .
oh i meant trading with them to make profit .
but yeah if you 're buying items for keeps then it 's your choice .
just be glad that they do n't have a chance to play in philly .
the iphone 12 has these 10 features you wo n't believe what 5 really does ! ''
i have n't tried astrophotography with my kit lens tho .
my disposable income has too many places it wants to go lately .
probably filled with sand for use as a paperweight .
might pick it up to learn the ropes if so .
there is no way wwe could book the shield reunion that would n't result in people on here saying that it was all just to get roman over .
i used mine to plan air flow through a computer case .
i felt like i was doing f1 wind tunnel tests or something .
if you 're stupid enough people will start chucking things at you .
for example mordian vets can roll up and overcharge plasma on characters .
there are at least some situations where there 's a decision between vets and scions now .
i 've often wondered the same thing but so many atheists try to .
but would n't some of them be instead refuting your arguments ?
i have no idea i do n't know anything about you and your conversations .
regardless the reason i 'm asking is because i 'm concerned with finding the truth ...
then you should stay away from apologetics they can corrupt the character .
if you are happy being a christian and is not harming anyone then keep like this .
and about the scholarly skeptical viewpoint the street smart '' viewpoint is also very important if not more important to know when someone is trying to con you .
it 's more if you want to solo alakazam without using duplicate species .
though against psycho cut/focus blast i think i 'd give pinsir the edge .
i 'm really curious if they think people do n't notice .
some absurdly obvious photoshopping sometimes even the type that is done on purpose to look bad still pass as real '' for a lot of people .
i think many people still have n't got used to how easy it is to manipulate images .
i am a banker in middle tn so not sure if is the same all over .
a jumbo loan is over 420k and has different terms/rates than a standard 30 year fixed rate .
it is also underwritten a little different than a standard fixed rate mortgage .
if ultron 's coughing drax is suffering from the bubonic plague .
cleveland indians just tied it up in the 8th .
been trying to wrap my head around the turn priority and this gave me the insight i needed !
the 2.0 model does have a more finished aspect but the head seems too triangular from above it 's kinda hard to relate it to the brightwing i know .
other than that i feel it would be an upgrade to her current one .
fuck all you had to do was fucking trust your fucking catcher
excuse me do you know when the new episode comes out ?
i 'm really confused about it since right now it 's 6th of october here and i read it was the 8th .
i am also happy that means the buster posey baby catcher ad is back
i think the last time he experienced these was at his very strict military school .
everyone should try their own army compositions but you really should consider having some medivacs .
i have no idea how you use marines marauders without medivacs .
medivacs make thors and also tanks a lot more mobile you can drop sieged tankes !
and making some drops pressures the opponent a ton .
drops is a possible way to decrease your army size just try to get value out of them .
pro players will try to lose nothing of their drops but they scout good enough to not be in a situation where their army is completely countered .
j.i.d tyler the creator roc marciano westside gunn conway joey bada jay-z action bronson smino and your old droog have all dropped dope projects that are n't meme rap or basic ass trap music .
if you really think that melodic trap and meme rap are all that dropped this year it makes me question how closely you pay attention to hip-hop .
much has been said about the medicinal properties of cannabis here we will review some of their uses around the world in sexual matters whether as a medicine or aphrodisiac .
during the 1930s women in russia prepared a mixture of cannabis with lamb fat called nasa which was smeared in the vaginal area to reduce the pain of the first sexual intercourse especially during the wedding night .
for their part men in serbia used to use an aphrodisiac compound made from hashish almond butter flower petals leaves spices and roots .
throughout the world cannabis has served as a remedy for sexual impotence as we will see in some cases below .
at least since the eleventh century it has been observed in medieval herbal remedies that a mixture of cannabis with fat in the form of ointment helps to deflate the sinus pain caused by the rule or by breastfeeding .
cannabis appears in various analgesic compounds because of its properties to reduce inflammation and reduce pain .
in uganda cannabis has been used for years to treat sexually transmitted diseases whether in the smoked or chewed version as well as in an infusion of beer .
it is documented that since the seventh century tantric yoga practitioners have used cannabis in ritual contexts to make sex a sublime experience according to some reports full-body orgasms '' resulting from these practices are a form of meditation and their effect is enhanced by the use of cannabis .
in some festivals of india a smoothie called bhang is consumed .
said mixture is made with yogurt or milk nuts spices and of course cannabis .
it is consumed during the festivals of holi and shivaratri as well as in ayurvedic practices .
bhang serves to reduce the anxiety associated with sexual contact cures indigestion and has aphrodisiac properties .
on the other hand in morocco lebanon and egypt a cannabis-based drink that eliminates impotence is consumed and in medicinal contexts can be combined with opium ginger lavender and other aphrodisiac herbs with effects very similar to those of the bhanghindú .
in arabia and india cannabis has been used for centuries to treat gonorrhea before it was banned in the united states cannabis was also administered via the urethral route to treat other sexually transmitted diseases in the form of tinctures .
sex workers in persia used to apply the indica variety to fight against urethritis or inflammation of the urethra .
i ordered poutine in a restaurant once and got steak fries covered in brown gravy with cheeze whiz on top .
it was pretty fucking good but i would n't call it poutine .
if this deal has expired please reply to this comment with expired '' .
the original idea behind monopoly was to show the evils of captialism .
so i think the creator 's would be proud .
yankees/indians bruce homered on a fly ball to left center .
indians are tied with the yankees 8-8 in the bottom of the 8th .
from a fun film to a worthless pile of shit because we have an agenda to promote ...
threatening your spouse 's friends without probable cause in front of their family .
hence why i 'm single again i ai n't got no time for that hot mess .
idk about you but i 'm pretty happy with my city ?
it 's not perfect but i 'd rather live here than anywhere else .
oh good just so you know providing free or affordable birth control is far cheaper than paying for the hundreds of thousands of unwanted babies .
but you know ... let 's just keep denying access to bc because i do n't pay you to have sex i just pay for the government to raise your kid . ''
it 's usually easier to blame yourself than your partner in bed .
i could see how the microtears was one of the addressable problems but obviously not the problem as he clearly could jerk off
and no it 's really not a solution and pretty weird but he 's clearly horny so that 's a problem off the table right
typically it looks '' like someone 's dob/ssn/name does n't match on the credit report .
a bunch of warnings populate that you will of course ignore if you 're just selling a cell phone plan but might not if you 're a landlord depending on what the rules/laws/incentives are .
name variation warnings are expected/normal especially for married/divorced women as well as folks with non-anglo names .
ssn was issued between 1942 and 1946 but date of birth entered was 1974 '' is generally not expected .
it took me the longest time to figure out how this joke made sense .
since i thought you were referring to a keyboard the entire time .
we hold these things to be self-evident fuck nazis fuck the kkk fuck russia meddling in our democracy .
these things should not be controversial and should cross all party lines .
sort of like 'breathing is good not breathing is bad ' .
sorry all you veterans who fought to preserve the union in the 1860s .
sorry all you veterans who fought to defeat the nazis in the 1940s .
sorry all you veterans who fought the wars in korea and vietnam in the 50s 60s and 70s .
i guess that 's all out the window now .
now the people who sympathize with all of america 's worst enemies are the loudest voices on the republican side and we are deafened by the silence of the people who share a platform with them .
so call me controversial but i still say fuck the nazis and the kkk and the kremlin .
actually it would n't because as soon as i spent my money on research and development and made some incredible product people would copy me for free and sell it
so what incentive do i have to spend the millions and billions it takes to bring a new product into the market place ?
why would n't i just sit on the sidelines and be a vulture on someone else 's hard work ?
it is but you have to reference us as inspiration .
a lot of people really like gaia 's super green malay .
it did n't do as much for me but you know how kratom can be .
most of gaia 's strains are really good to me but for some reason that one does n't work for me .
i know it 's just my brain chemistry because lots of people rave about it .
maybe i 'll give it another spin on my next gaia order .
i do n't get wobbles off gaia 's green maeng da .
their green thai seems just as good but i 've only had it a few times so i 'm still testing .
yeah i was n't around much for a while there .
between studying web development and family life i do n't have much free time .
but i still want to be part of this community and be active when i can .
dont worry its been like one month and u already changed xd
yeah i respect jukes but i have no idea what he 's talking about .
lol too true that 's what i get for jumping the gun .
i lived by the viaduct at the irving park exit on lsd for abiut 3 years and saw this happen 6 or 7 times .
the lakeside height is about 1 or 2 feet higher than the exit side and it would grab a couple trucks a year .
which is kinda funny since trucks are prohibited on lsd ha .
did ... she just generalize for all women ... . ?
i thought i was going to watch a competitive game ... panama wo n't get anywhere near russia with performances like that .
i get doing tutorials or reviewing things but what else do they do on youtube
how do i know if this is fake news or not ?
you ca n't not challenge that come the fuck on
it looks as though you may have spelled chick-fil-a '' incorrectly .
no worries it happens to the best of us !
same but any step towards higher wages is okay with me .
i got permabanned on the spot and chewed out with insane walls of text in pm 's for literally asking people to think twice and reconsider before starting an edit war on a linux distro 's wiki i shit you not !
thats why i hate phones with 3.5 jack on the bottom !
lmao that 's one heavy and a light at most .
tbh they have a few good songs but they have an overwhelming majority of just passible to terrible songs imo so maybe there are people here who have yet to listen to songs like you or fallingforyou or somebody else
head down hands in pockets walking quickly in an effort not be seen ... did so for years until i pulled myself around .
tongue fuck her then fill her and leave her dripping .
i fell in love with the beat as soon as i heard it its courtesy of my bro vicking groovy .
and ayye im glad haha that what we 're going for
i ca n't tell if you 're unaware of how spread works or you 're just that stupid ?
you are aware that the dot in the middle of the crosshair means absolutely nothing right ?
you only need your target to be within the 4 lines that outline the crosshair which at no point except for literally 1 shot was the the enemy outside of .
i mean you can zoom the video in and slow down the video but i highly doubt you could figure that out .
not like it would make a difference since you seem to not understand something as basic as how bloom works .
you may submit your request to the subs foia office .
the request must be in writing and reasonably describe the records you seek .
by making a foia request you have agreed to pay all applicable fees of 25.00 unless a fee waiver has been granted .
we will respond within 20 business days to a foia request with a denial or grant of access .
the next game i 'm getting is cod ww2 .
i 'm hoping the issues are fixed in the official release .
this is just an affirmation of the futility of living to those who are depressed .
i suppose if you were texting him so often he could n't use his phone for the notifications popping up .
my friend who bought 4k in t-mo stock has n't said much to me about it
jhin was also good in competitive up untill ardent meta would 've been great for victorious skin also orianna has been meta for years yet no midlaner have a victorious skin
xbox shits itself whilst 7-0 up on a single player challenge for the daily objective .
sigh got ta do it all again 😡😡 so cross .
i just wanted to mention that i have n't gone online much but with patience managed quite a few 3v3 games in my short experience of online play .
until you boot off of something else and scan this drive those core components are going to remain infected .
as bad as you are infected your best bet might be to install windows from scratch .
with hard guys like you on the server i would n't be able to survive a second .
so i will better play something else in the future and let you rape as many kiddos as you want tough guy .
no problem man i get what you mean goodnight !
cold and shivery overall and my fave the s-star tv freestyle
wawwa softwear co. make vegan friendly fashion but without vegan slogans .
a lot of my guy friends swear by travel hacking .
i just do n't see as many women into it .
i 'd buy the minis of they made them .
our customs is pretty good and due to how difficult per volume of weight it is to profit off it it 'd solve a lot of problems .
sure is that 's why we keep breaking records for drug seizures because they 're so effective at stopping it getting here !
banning shit does n't work the massive market for illicit drugs should make that blatantly obvious to anyone paying attention .
yeah so let 's try one that 's never worked !
its a decent deal if your chances to draw a legendaryr that you do n't have 4 off is big enough ... not interesting if you allready have lots of legends cause this will probably mean 500 gems for 1100 sparks just one super rare and one rare ... youll most probably get more of 5 set 3 packs ... or even better spend 1000 on a multipack ... .
i would keep my gems for set 3 as others say ...
funnily enough if you truly loved yourself then this desire for love would n't bother you .
people believe self-love '' is an armor that will protect them from bad emotions in life and they cling to this mantra in the hope that it will sucessfully numb them down .
but that would n't be self-love that would be self-destruction .
sometimes even passed down from parents to children at a young age .
fever blisters/cold sores are the same herpes virus that causes vaginal herpes .
there are two types of herpes one lays dormant in the base of the spine the other lays dormant in the top of the spine at the neck .
so if you are concerned with herpes then watch out who you kiss just as much as who you go down on .
i can feel the happiness radiating from you through this post !
is n't there a post right now on the top of r/jailbreak of a guy who found a way to make a jailbreak without kpp or something along those lines ?
sorry if that 's incorrect i have no idea .
he keeps his hand on his knee and does n't drop as low as most lt 's .
he has amazing footwork though and is wicked smart so he does n't need to be the fastest or strongest .
0 my low-carb diet is simple filling and almost devoid of sugary processed rubbish that 's why it works .
i liked his remark about insulin and the space-time-belly-fat continuum . ''
same thing happend to me with a 1v5 clutch with a famas .
i do n't even bother with top comments for most posts
i think its animation is cool tetsuzanko is a pretty iconic looking martial art technique imo .
you can most notably see it with yun in street fighter
i think plenty of classes have a just whack this mole '' button though which they trimmed in sb .
dream within a dream and carve and spit is basically this .
not really sure what you can do with it without taking the route leg sweep did
exactly we europeans just burned down our continent again and again in dozens of wars .
let 's trade mikko koivu for jordan staal two buckets of chicken and a drive to the liqour store
lizardmen are winning both polls so far but it 's a close race !
soft spot for orcs and skaven but lizardmen are where it 's at .
i was playing a gunslinger with two other people in the party .
we come across this abandoned tower with magic spewing from the top .
skip pass the in-party arguing of what to do we find ourselves facing off against several hags that have been kidnapping children and butchering them for the main ingredient in their psychedelic chocolatey treats .
we kill them because the dm severely underestimated our power .
and go on to find 2 children tied up inside a small chest one boy named freak and a girl whose name i ca n't remember .
so we talk to the kids and have a laugh at this boy 's name meanwhile my character 's personality disorder roll goes awry a check i have to make every time i meet a new person to make sure my rock with the characteristic of having random bouts of murderous intent is kept under wraps .
meaning i feel a sudden urge to put this poor boy out of his misery for having such a terrible name .
as we walk out of the tower i pull the boy aside as everyone else leaves through the side door i tell him to face the wall put a gun to the back of his head and pull the trigger ... little did i know that i forgot to check if the door was closed the party consisting of a tank an assassin and two fairly capable npcs saw the whole thing .
needless to say they were n't too happy and so bye-bye to the mentally ill gunman and hello to the son of the bbeg who is going through a bit of a phase .
it was all fine really did n't have a problem with it .
and since then it 's been a running joke that my characters in that particular campaign tend to die by their quirky '' character flaws .
what if i 've been doing it all this time !
i agree i need to take a rest after reading that .
okay having internet access again but did n't get to play much .
there are n't many events that are not directly linked to characters .
the school cafeteria adds the fillit o fish '' to the menu .
cloudy morning and heavy rain later lasting the whole day .
the day nagisa wants to play basketball with tomoya if they get close enough
an empty schoolbus has an accident at an intersection near school .
the bus is thrown on its side no one was injured
from the top of my head i know that at some time there is a townwide lasertag event and the day of the death of yukines brother for wich i can find the dates .
propably there 's more stuff in afterstory but i have n't found the way there yet trying without guides .
but here in my uni we do pengkaderan '' shit that make it literally impossible for not knowing friends at least from your generation .
except i do n't which is why you ca n't even start to explain how anything in that link constitutes a rebuttal to anything i said .
in other words you do n't know what you 're talking about are n't intelligent enough to even fake an informed opinion but instinctively feel that i 'm wrong in some way you ca n't articulate .
so the best you could come up with is posting a hyperlink so you can pretend to yourself you 've actually said something .
it 's more of an oblate spheroid than an actual sphere to be honest
the last i saw he was n't and did n't seem like he was if that changed then that 's awesome !
it 's weird seeing that fight on the main card in the first place .
they 're both first timers in the ufc and neither of them seem like a big time prospect .
i think the spot was reserved for kgb 's debut and they just decided to keep the fight there when she was pulled out .
this post does not have any flair and has been removed .
if you do not add flair within 13 minutes 20 seconds you will have to resubmit your post .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/dbzdokkanbattle/wiki/linkflair_guideline to view our guidelines on how to flair your post .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
you can also flair automatically by following the instructions in this post https www.reddit.com/r/dbzdokkanbattle/comments/4mt2rn/new_subreddit_feature_automatic_flairing
you 're very naive if you think that many people will buy game for 50-60 and proceed to buy expensive headset for vr and then upgrade pc for high-end standards .
in 2004 itt gave possibility of quick purchuase of games not bothering with shitload of installing disks and having all of them games in one place .
it offered actual economic reason to invest in internet for many people .
in current state the vr does n't introduce too many efficiency increasing features and has a lot of limitations .
i love both tony and lee but i 'm pulling for lee .
he clearly cared about those kids that was n't one visit .
if you ask for an application then ask for a pen for it we immediately throw it away .
a part of it is how you are now more conscious and sensitive to what kind of 'attention ' you think you 're receiving because of your own perceived change in your sense of self that may have brought along with it a whole new fun bag of contextual implications for your social life .
just keep doing you and do n't let your expectations get the better of you .
you may feel like you 're more confident and outgoing in general but it all kinda boils down to how you wear your insecurity on your sleeve if you 're trying too hard .
do n't let your self image describe how you treat others .
you should always be treating others on their merits and not your own .
be genuine do n't be what you think people expect you to be .
not very practical advice but that 's my 2c .
i 'm looking for a website that i can use as a to do list .
like whenever i go to the website it tells me what i have to do .
i 've felt a tingle extremely faintly for quite a while now .
but in the past week it 's gotten much worse .
it 's at a spot on the bridge of my nose right below where the bone dips a little to meet the eyebrows .
it 's comparable to when you have a pair of glasses that 's too heavy and they push on the bridge .
except for me the pressure keeps increasing as if the glasses are gaining weight .
i feel like i want to shove a pin through my nose to relieve the pressure .
the pain is only about a 4 but it is an absolutely constant 4 and that number seems to go up every other morning .
i 've been trying all sorts of sinus-related medicines and nothing has worked at all .
i am not exaggerating the pills might as well be coat buttons .
alieve ativan flonase triamcinolone acetonide acetaminophen phenylephrine an 800mg ibuprofen .
even a tylenol 4 has only cut it in half at most .
i 've also tried inhaling steam and pinching it real hard .
the windows are all open so it 's not stuffy in the house .
weirdly i sometimes have an accompanying pain on the top of my right cheekbone .
yet the nose pain is mostly centered maybe a little to the left .
it 's possible to ignore it if i get really distracted by something like exercise or music .
but it 's there again the instant i remember it .
also the only thing so far that makes it go away for any length of time is sleep .
when i woke up this morning it was gone completely .
within half an hour it was back and i could n't deduce anything that seemed to spark it .
and when i woke up i actually felt a little bit congested .
when that feeling went away the pain came right back .
the only thing i can think of that 's changed recently is that two days before this started my psychiatrist had me start on latuda .
i feel like that 's an unlikely culprit though as i researched latuda 's symptoms and no one reported sinus-area pain .
the pain is a bit similar but there 's no swelling or redness on my nose .
stock info age 35 sex m height 6'1 '' weight 326 race white location michigan nose any existing relevant medical issues i am fat and bipolar other than that my blood pressure heartrate and blood oxygen are all perfectly normal .
had a checkup a few days before this started and they said everything looked good .
i have both evolving items only need these 2 to help complete my pokedex
edit will provide a charizard code at the end of the trades for your troubles
i wrote this essay about a year ago to use for college applications but i thought you guys might be interested in reading it too
woah are you guys twins ? who 's older ? by how much ? do you ever switch places ? you guys look exactly the same ! do your parents get you mixed up ? as a twin there are questions and comments that i hear on a regular basis .
sometimes. i like that people are interested enough to want to know more about me but some are much harder to answer .
let me guess you 're simon and you 're coby ?
i 'll get it right next time. in unison we glance at each other in that way that means that 's funny. you guys are like the same person. does it bother you when people get you mixed up ? in unison we shake our heads no .
although my response has always been that it does n't bother me it 's more complicated than that .
which one of you is the smart one ? people are much more interested in the differences in our abilities and appearances than the differences in our personalities and this has made me competitive and self-conscious .
because we 're the same age and have had extremely similar experiences i have no excuse not to be at least as good as him at everything .
i do n't judge myself on how well i do i judge myself on how well i do compared to my brother .
we 're expected to be the same and so many things about us are the same that even minor differences seem huge .
if i look a little worse than him i feel hideous .
if i do worse than him in school i feel like a moron .
the competition plays a large role in keeping me motivated .
people did n't ask who was nicer they asked who was the nice twin .
does that mean one of us is the mean twin ?
if my grades or test scores are worse than his i must be the stupid twin .
if i look worse than him i 'm the ugly twin .
i do n't want the way people tell us apart to be that he 's better than me .
i do n't want to be the stupid twin the fat twin the ugly twin the bad twin .
although we look very similar there are differences and maybe my differences are a little worse than his and people will pick up on it and think okay just remember the ugly one is coby. it can actually be reassuring when people get us mixed up .
if we are n't noticeably different then i 'm not noticeably worse .
i do n't mind when people ca n't tell us apart physically .
in fact i find it hilarious and sometimes we intentionally confuse people .
but there is a difference between you guys look exactly the same and you guys are exactly the same friends i have known for years see no differences in our personalities and see us as the same person .
this is especially frustrating with people who were friends with one of us before the other .
people i barely know start talking to me like we are already friends .
i look sound and generally seem like someone they already know .
they do n't take the time to get to know me because they already feel like they do .
we 're instantly friends but they do n't really know me .
they know simon and just see me as another one .
what i really hate is when i see it happening the other way around .
i spend time getting to know someone and we slowly become closer but eventually they meet simon .
suddenly my friend likes my brother just as much as me even though they just met .
it feels like our friendship means nothing and i can easily be replaced .
maybe it just goes back to being competitive but i want someone to like me more than him .
i only play champions that are animals or have anthropomorphized characteristics .
it 's a fun challenge i forced myself into and its not that bad actually .
and right now as of 7.18/7.20 which picks are the most ideal in terms of tier stats and viability ?
hey all do n't know if this is the place to do this but i kinda wanted to get a discussion going about this process that i 've found on my mac .
i 'm running 10.12.6 and my activity monitor has this process videosubscriptionsd running and it takes 30-80 of my cpu .
i 've done some digging and it 's related to chrome somehow and when i look into it the actual process has zero traffic running through it .
i force quit it and it pops back up but with 0 cpu usage but then ramps up within 10 minutes .
has anyone had this problem or know anything about it ?
i 'm tempted to delete it so it can free my cpu but i did something like that before and nearly killed my other computer .
hear me out clockwerk is an incredible solo laner and has incredible early kill potential however he struggles incredibly against blink and escape heroes .
a good clockwerk can bait out a slark pounce to pounce on clockwerk and keep slark stuck in cogs getting an easy kill but heroes like anti-mage give him trouble .
cogs can sap mana after multiple accurate uses on both am and the lane support and keep am from escaping leading to easy kills .
i 've had a lot of success doing this against am players and their supports .
even if they hit pretty hard am is left with no farm and retreats into the jungle allowing my team to get easier kills on him .
why do i not see more people do this strategy ?
i can understand not using it especially when you have constant ganks but seeing as how am is just like every hero in the way he 's mana reliant it 's incredibly effective if you can catch him when he 's trying to get a last hit .
you 've made it as a successful actress and while you 're obviously very happy and proud of your success there 's something you 've never really told anyone .
the truth is you 've always wanted to be a screenwriter in addition to an actress and while you finished writing your first screenplay almost a year ago every studio you 've sent it to even ones where you 've filmed successful profitable projects has either ignored or rejected you .
honestly you prefer the rejections at least that way you know they read it .
however after another day of filming your current project and unsuccessfully pitching your screenplay to another studio executive you return to your hotel and find a note on your bed right next to the little mint on the pillow .
when you open it up you see that it 's handwritten in beautiful calligraphy and it reads
'dear miss i recently saw a copy of your screenplay that you sent to a friend of mine at a major studio .
while he passed on it i took it to my home and read it and i am very impressed .
i would like to finance the movie and i would like to meet with you to discuss matters .
if you are interested meet me in the lobby of your hotel at 6 pm tomorrow and i will take you to dinner .
i 'd like for this to be the beginnings of a partnership and a romance between your character an actress with dreams of being a screenwriter and mine a mysterious wealthy benefactor .
there would n't be any sex at the beginning as this is n't a quid pro quo exchange of sex for funding but the relationship will evolve and change until we end up being close enough to begin a more intimate relationship .
the women i 'd love for you to play include but are not limited to karen gillan jenna coleman emma stone morena baccarin molly quinn jewel staite maisie williams or emilia clarke .
guys who want to play as girls for this scene are definitely welcome .
i bought my laptop recently and it 's been working fine mostly .
however recently whenever i open sites like youtube twitch or games like league of legends my cpu speed as shown on the task manager intermittently falls from 3.48 ghz to 0.38 ghz at 30 second cycles .
this does not happen when i 'm running word or surfing websites like reddit or wikipedia .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/11903290/eight-of-irans-womens-football-team-are-men.html reduced by 54 .
the country 039 s football association was accused of being quot unethical quot for knowingly fielding eight men in its women 039 s team .
mojtabi sharifi an official close to the iranian league told an iranian news website quot have been playing with iran 039 s female team without completing sex change operations .
the iranian women 039 s team play in hijab headscarfs long-sleeved tops and tracksuit bottoms .
in 2014 the country 039 s football governing body introduced random checks after it was revealed that four national team players were either men who had not completed sex change operations or were suffering from sexual development disorders .
football is highly popular among many iranian women despite religious rules that bar them from entering stadiums to watch matches between male teams .
earlier this month the women 039 s national team captain was unable to fly with the squad to malaysia because her husband refused her permission to fly .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/11903290/eight-of-irans-womens-football-team-are-men.html faq http autotldr.io 227169 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords team 1 play 2 sex 3 change 4 iranian 5
post found in r/todayilearned http np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/74xkcs/til_that_the_iran_womens_national_soccer_team r/raytheon http np.reddit.com/r/raytheon/comments/74ydwq/til_that_the_iran_womens_national_soccer_team r/mensrights http np.reddit.com/r/mensrights/comments/4rnzb4/eight_of_irans_womens_football_team_are_men_irans r/wtf http np.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/47bh7g/eight_of_irans_womens_football_team_are_men r/atheism http np.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/3n6y8y/eight_of_irans_womens_football_team_are_men_irans r/gamerghazi http np.reddit.com/r/gamerghazi/comments/3n2z2p/telegraph_being_transphobic_assholes and r/teammelli http np.reddit.com/r/teammelli/comments/3n1uca/okay .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
first thanks for taking the time to read this and help me out .
unfortunately there is no wiki and i could n't find much information through searching so i hope this is okay !
i am interested in bowhunting and am a complete beginner .
i have never hunted guns or bows before but finally want to dive in .
because i think it is relevant i am currently in flagstaff az .
obviously it is the start of the season but is there time to get proficient enough to go out on a hunt this season ?
as a beginner could i go solo off the bat or is bowhunting a sport/hobby that i would need someone more experienced to teach me the ropes ?
where do you go to practice if you do n't have a backyard ?
what other equipment is typically taken on a solo hunt ?
what are your recommendations on a beginner 's set-up ?
i have been looking around online for a decent set up and was wondering if this would be decent bow https www.amazon.com/leader-accessories-compound-hunting-50-70lbs/dp/b016i9brr6/ref=cm_sw_em_r_d_dp_dc_ds91zbfxxv7zk_tt ? th=1 accessories https www.amazon.com/aketek-upgrade-combo-sight-stabilizer/dp/b00b42q84a/ref=cm_sw_em_r_d_dp_dc_.l-1zbx8pw5a1_tt or would it be better to invest in something like an diamond infinite edge 'ready to hunt package ' or bear archery cruzer 'ready to hunt package ' ?
i know this is a lot of questions but i greatly appreciate any and all help !
i had open heart surgery so i was supposed to die when i was about a week old but then god probably said if she dies now she will have to come to heaven because she is too young to understand christianity .
let her live and commit suicide in the future . ''
i have a suicide method in place for the end of the semester but out of respect for the rules i wo n't discuss it .
my grades are my biggest concern so if those do n't improve i truly think i 'll go along with it .
even as a christian and with my beliefs about suicide i almost do n't care anymore .
i hope something kills me before the end of the semester so i do n't have to do it myself .
as you might 've guessed right now i 'm extremely in the mood for a modern family based roleplay .
i want to focus on the dunphys especially alex !
i 'm pretty open to scenarios but in terms of kinks my hard no 's are scat pregnancy gore/blood guro and animals .
also if you just want to talk about the characters or potential relationships between them world-building or thinking of scenarios i 'm up for that as well .
i levelled my fishing skill i am now level 97 .
i just got to this boss and i 've gotten him down to half health .
i 'm mainly curious about all the gold circles that give you a buff .
i 'm guessing it 's a key to the boss fight since they are all over .
i was using f-secure safe for the last two weeks to scan my computer and external hard drives when recently i discovered yesterday that i 've left the windows firewall off because in the f-secure settings there 's a firewall '' switch next to the tabs for real-time protection deepguard browsing and banking protection .
so to be fair for a user who 's solely interested in scanning files firewall '' looks like an extra f-secure feature along with the others .
there is a change windows firewall settings '' below the switch which makes it seem like two different things .
nothing clearly stating that this is the main windows firewall which i need and i 'm so desensitized to uac that i clicked yes for the windows firewall utility '' .
i do n't see how this should even be a feature on the user interface .
if there 's some use for troubleshooting where a user needs to turn off the firewall then put it in the faq or manual how to use windows control panel but do n't build it in to a program that 's supposed to help keep me safe .
with that rant over i found resources here https isc.sans.edu/forums/diary/windows+events+log+for+irforensics+part+1/21493 and here https www.sans.org/reading-room/whitepapers/logging .
the second link would be the pdf file detecting security incidents using windows workstation event logs '' from the sans institute listed on that page .
so i 've taken a csv log of the security event viewer to look at logins and the only network logins 3 or 10 are from days before i installed this and are from ntlmssp '' with no source network addresses .
i checked the security logs for any new processes or services created and found nothing .
i also checked any software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\run '' registry keys and ran net user '' and net localgroup administrators '' to find nothing but the hidden defaultaccount '' administrator '' and guest '' .
to be clear there are no suspicious processes but the minimum programs graphics and audio drivers and system32 files .
i 'm also observing tcpview to see no odd connections .
also fwiw my router in my home has a firewall if that means anything i know it probably does n't and windows should always have firewall enabled .
i 'm currently scanning for malware and viruses and need to know if there 's anything else i can check in the logs or the system that will let me know if anything happened .
so i ran into something interesting whilst reading books on archery .
the mental side of things talked a fair amount on self-talk and how it effected an archers shot .
if they thought i 'm gon na blow this shot '' or started worrying about hitting the target or their draw or something they 'd blow the shot .
they might further reinforce this with another negative thought .
moral of the story was that the subconscious mind can not tell whether something said or thought is a joke or not it will take in everything as literal information .
so if you have friends who enjoy banter towards you especially they better put up a hella of a support when you need it .
which is why when you think negatively of yourself you 're more likely to use a negative word or phrase that your friend used on you .
not only that but do n't beat yourself over if you fail something your subconscious will only take it as that and no will or solution to the problem will be made .
some parts are a bit more complex now sokoban did n't exist have been reading up a fair bit .
one action i ca n't find out is how to split stacks .
on the iphone typing d goes directly to the inventory with no keyboard to specify the number of items to be dropped .
have googled copiously and ca n't find an answer obviously !
so i 'm a plex pass user and i 've come to the realization that plex is no longer listening to the community .
i mean who asked for amarican news propaganda channels and to make them unremovable ... wth where they thinking ?
and while i might not think that this is a big deal it 's the nature of the act that is off-putting .
but i 'd bet you 've had about a million of these posts hammering on plex and looking for an alternative in plex and asking the same question over and over again .
but since i fail to find some kind of plex emby faq i 'll just go ahead and ask a bunch of questions and hope i do n't get banned .
q1 speaking from an it-illiterate point of view some of my family is painfully slow about learning it .
q2 i 've bought me a subscription to try it out but the server does n't seem to download any trailers but there are plug-ins for it .
and are there any other plug-ins that are useful to have ?
i do n't mind spending a few bucks if it 's a one time purchase .
q3 does emby have video thumbnail preview thingy ... scrubbing ?
when i tried with my android phone it did n't work .
edit q5 is it possible to upload individual photos from my phone instead of all of them which seems to be the only option in plex
so bb did some sort of fan episode where they had all these different artistic styles throughout the episode .
this one in the picture posted gave me an instant flashback to a style extremely similar to a kids book i had as a child probably between 1992-95
i literally can not think of anything else from the book at this point and i 've been thinking about it since the episode aired last sunday .
wouldnt it be cool if we as users of this forum could have our own kit designed of and voted on by the community here ?
if ea doesnt hate us too much it it would be easy to register with our account and get it in ut .
i 'm a returning playing looking for a casual fc to play with on famfrit .
u/cjrowens and ndp candidate for manitoba u/icecreamsandwich401 held a joint rally at st. vital park in winnipeg .
this campaign has been a rush and i am loving it !
we have created such a strong movement here in manitoba .
this movement is made up of people of all different kinds of backgrounds looking to make this province a better place .
let me tell you electing an ndp mp is a great place to start there .
we in the ndp have a desire to make life better for all canadians regardless of who they are .
i am asking for your support this election because i believe we can do better .
this government has failed to make life significantly better for manitobans and one of the province 's mps was a liberal last term .
now who better to bring to you the national ndp message than none other than the man himself our leader u/cjrowens !
cj then came onto the makeshift stage and spoke briefly with the ndp candidate as they shook hands .
i 've seen so much of this wonderful nation on my national tour but being in winnipeg today is just the best .
all of the people i 've met with have been wonderful to speak with .
as someone vying to become prime minister traveling around the nation and speaking with people from every province is extremely important and i am glad to have spoken with so many manitobans .
the ndp this election has a simple message we need a better canada now .
the ndp spent all of last term minimizing the damage of the liberals and tories and i think we did a pretty good job .
we passed the undrip act the environmental bill of rights and we were the only major party to actually oppose the destructive budget created by the liberals .
we stood strong in opposition to the liberals and i believe it is time for a change of pace .
we need a government that will fight for workers indigenous peoples and for environmental rights .
what better than a party that has proven to do all of those things while not even in government ?
on the 13th when you go to vote you will have a choice between the same old same old or a candidate who will help bring about change in ottawa .
the two then moved on spoke with the crowd individually took selfies and then left .
we had like 2 hours of meeting like twice a month and that was it .
i taught for a year at a gym while i was finishing up my residency in another state and loved it !
i was connected with my class felt wonderful afterwards and really looked forward to going .
i moved back home and had a month before my job started so i did a yoga teacher training the previous gym did not require certification .
with all this new knowledge and awareness i feel like i 'm in my head too much .
i loved teaching before and i enjoyed the training .
but now i 'm second guessing my sequencing and becoming more aware of my language has increased my anxiety making it difficult to put my thoughts in words .
because of my new anxieties about teaching i do n't enjoy it as much .
has this happened to anyone else or does anyone have a suggestion for getting out of my head ?
i long to feel good about class after i teach again .
ok so i 'm going to college in the spring and i need to save as much money as possible .
i have eczema i 've seen great results with a hclf diet and will continue with this .
i 'm 5'11 and 128 lbs and work out consistently .
i 'm trying to gain weight by eating 2800-3200 calories a day .
does anyone have any suggestions to where i can keep eating 2800-3200 cals a day while maintaining a hclf diet and spend less ?
i messed up by not putting the ce-2w in the effects loop so let 's try this again ... all comparisons were done in mono using a boss es-8 with the 4 cable method inside the effects loop on my clean channel of my blackstar series one 1046l6 with a 2011 gibson explorer on the neck pickup .
the ce-2w is quite noticeably more mild for the chorus effect .
it 's like someone took the effect level and took it down a few notches .
sounds even more spot on compared to when i did the first test with the exception of the effect level .
i would recommend this mode to someone who finds the ce-2 too strong and overbearing but likes the other characteristics of the ce-2
matching these 2 is kind of odd because on the ce-20 the depth knob does n't have a function in this mode .
even with the effect level of the ce-20 maxed out the ce-2w has a higher effect level .
overall they sound pretty damn similar with most of the ce-20 eq at noon and the effect level at max .
this let 's you change the eq of your sound if you have the ce-20 but the ce-2w has a depth knob that works so they both have their benefits .
dc-2 has a nicer chime on the high strings .
not as noticeable of a difference on low strings .
dc-2 mode 2 sounds super similar to my ce-2/ce-2w happy place rate 10:00 depth 1:00 approximately .
dc-2 mode 3 is when the effect level is greater for the dc-2 the ce-2w .
dc-2 mode 4 is n't even comparable to the ce-2w because it feels so much bigger and has such a heavy effect .
ce-2w the vibrato mode still the same as before vibrato is n't of use to me at the time unless i want to feel dizzy .
for fun i tried turning the rate as low as possible and the depth as high as possible to try and slow down the vibrato to compare it to the dc-2 mode 4 but the vibrato was still too fast .
if it could be slowed down a little more these 2 modes might be comparable .
if your happy place for choruses is similar to mode 2 of the dc-2 then the ce-2w would be a good pickup since it is a lot cheaper and not so hard to find .
another good reason is if you like the ce-1 sound because it does a pretty good job of matching the ce-1 mode of the ce-20 and i heard the ce-20 does a good job of emulating that for the price .
lastly if you want a mild chorus then the ce-2w does that with the ce-2 mode .
i wouldn't get the ce-2w if you want it to exactly match the ce-2 though because the effect level is too low and it would feel underwhelming .
it just feels weird that we can throw equipped items but not enemy bodies .
heyo i 'm aware that 45 accuracy is the needed amount for toa aswell as toah what i wonder is does that include the odds from resistance awakening or does such extra stats not apply to pve monsters ?
i 'm a tad confused as to how that works .
i absolutely love both the series and the movie .
i just made the mistake to watch the series before the movie .
today after finishing the series i watched the movie .
is the end of the movie connected to the start of the series ?
might seem obvious it is i just wan na be sure .
if so i think morra seems a tad to evil in the series compared to him being the hero '' main character of the movie .
i 've been trying to find a good name i like .
you know how pros have the name you recognize them by ex shroud snax fallen ?
the one i currently use is illuzion with variations in capitalization .
i 've had some other ideas like panther prizm and raven .
i 've played a few game vs yas and got smashed pretty hard for now my solution is to ban him at the speed of light .
but i know isnt really a solution sooo here we come .
can you give me some advice to play against him ?
hello r/republicansforamerica is a subreddit devoted to posting and discussing american politics through a republicans eye .
feel free to post a link or discuss an issue that is happening in our country .
please do n't be shy on challenging an opinion or not agreeing with everything said i 'd love to hear other peoples beliefs and opinions on american politics .
can you use a 1 mega as fodder on a 0 to make the 0 into a 2 ?
i got kinda bored and stopped playing i think i just need buds to play with and maybe we can play other games also .
so i 'm on xbox gamertag blvckenshi hmu i 'm not a mega tryhard just looking to have fun and some trying hard lol .
in my opinion all the cool gear has low or very average stats .
for me it comes down to stats or appearance because the absolver cloaks stats are godly but the appearance is pretty meh .
but imagine the white fur forgot the name with absolver cloak stats .
i 'm thinking of a second menu in the equipment that is for cosmetics .
just like normal equipment you equip it and the appearance changes .
but with the stats of your actual equipment piece .
let me know if you guy have any ideas .
a mass of 10kg is suspended from the roof of a train at rest .
the train accelerates such that the train causes the rope and mass to hang at an angle of 5 degrees from normal .
most of the builds i find are pretty old .
given the amount of fire now in t8-t10 i was thinking it is important to spec atago extra points for fire prevention ?
this level of detail would not be possible without the help of the community .
i will keep adding on as we gather more intel .
crashing a power gem will deal the damage listed on your character 's skill card .
if both your skill card power gem size criteria are met your character will deal both damages .
if your first skill card is for a 2x2 power gem 10 dmg while your second skill card is for a 3x2 power gem 15 dmg crashing a 3x2 power gem will deal both damages 25 dmg .
crashing a larger power gem will not deal additional damage .
as a result crashing two 2x3 power gems is way more powerful than crashing one 2x6 power gem .
if there is more than one way to form a power gem the game will always prioritize forming a horizontal power gem over a vertical one .
you can equip up to two skill cards per character .
if the power gem requirements are met for both skill cards your character will first trigger the skill card on the left then on the right .
there are three levels to every character 's affinity color bonus .
to reach the maximum level all party members must have the same color affinity .
affinity color bonus is only added when you crash power gems large enough to trigger your character 's skill s .
affinity color bonus is the same regardless of power gem size .
the most common affinity color bonus is damage but there are also others such as heals stuns etc .
you may have up to 3 affinity color bonus in a party .
in this example https imgur.com/a/wfqui crashing a red power gem of at least 2x3 size will result in a 29 damage bonus and a 1 sec stun while crashing a green power gem of at least 2x3 size will result in a 22 damage bonus .
affinities with damage buff will activate immediately while everything else is tied to the attack animation .
party members can help the party leader increase damage and gain other bonuses .
party members can help increase the level of the party leader 's affinity color bonus or bring their own unique affinity color bonus .
party members can also add support abilities to your party leader 's skills .
in this example https imgur.com/gallery/wxif1 frank west adds 37 damage to haggar 's steel pipe and morrigan adds 15 damage 40 heal to haggar 's pile driver .
the support ability increases only when the party member 's level increases .
crashing more than 5 gems will not do additional damage .
if your maximum basic attack is 40 crashing 10 gems will only do 40 damage but crashing 5 then 5 will deal 80 damage .
gems cleared via diamonds will send a lower number of timer gems as it normally would .
crashing a diamond into the ground will significantly charge your super .
your super gets charged every time you crash gems .
the amount your super gets charged is based on the number of timer gems you produce .
this means crashing larger power gems and having chain attacks will charge your super faster .
on average you will need to produce 100 timer gems to fully charge your super .
in general the longer it takes to charge the super the more powerful the super is .
when your super is activated it takes priority in animation and in damage .
all power gems will turn into timer gems for the duration of the stun .
existing timer gems will have additional count s added to them .
this buff lasts for a specific number of moves and is listed as time '' on the ability .
dan 's damage buff will last for 10 moves after it is activated .
this buff can be stacked allowing for potentially insane damage .
the buff applies to all damage source basic attacks skills support affinity color bonus and super .
sap alters the super meter by adding or subtracting to it .
it may alter your super meter or your opponent 's or both .
crashing gems will send timer gems to your opponent .
if your opponent has sent timer gems that are yet to drop crashing gems will lessen the drop .
for non-power gem crashes the number of timer gems sent is equal to the number of gems crashed the crash gem itself counts as 1 .
crashing 3 regular gems will send 4 counter gems .
crashing 2 crash gems will send 2 timer gems .
the larger the power gem the more bonus timer gems it will produce .
the longer the chain the more bonus timer gems will be produced .
you can overstack your opponent by filling his middle '' column to the top 4th column from the left .
overstacking your opponent will remove one fifth of his max health and will destroy his bottom 6 rows of gems .
i 'm sure each class will have more than 2 guns available and i searched around and came up with donuts .
i do n't love the guns in the beta so was just curious .
i often find myself joining events for my clubs and being very excited in the moment and then when the time comes finding literally any excuse to not go .
i really hate doing this because i can tell my excuses seem made up and i feel unreliable .
the problem is i feel like i will not be enjoying myself or doing my best if i do n't actually want to go .
this up coming event had very little planning and i 'm just not even sure what 's going on and not having a set plan until right before we leave is very uncomfortable to me .
i already tried and excuse but it ended up not conflicting with my schedule so i am capable of going but i really do not want to .
not sure if i should just power through it or really try not to go .
she could hear deep breaths from behind she slowly turned her face low eyes wide open
bodrin looked at her you bad girl he muttered you bad bad girl .
bodrin ignored her and looked at lysas friend a lowborn girl her age daughter of one of the cooks .
he raised his stick and smacked her across the face so hard it broke and the girl fell to the ground sobbing .
shut up ! he yelled almost shaking with anger .
i 've told you to behave. bodrin took three steps forward took a hold of lysas wrists kneeled to her level and stared her in the eyes .
i ... . told you ? he repeated louder this time .
to ... . to behave ... she stuttered crying .
bodrin released her and pushed a bit in the process lysa fell to the ground and
orwen had entered the room he looked at his father with disgrace .
you ca n't treat her like that father she is just a girl.
bodrin turned around walked up to orwen and stared up into the eyes of his taller son and raised one eyebrow .
orwens teeth scratching in his mouth his tongue pressed against the front teeth trying to control himself .
i thought as much bodrin said and walked out the room .
i ca n't deal with this lazy and disobedient children he thought to himself .
his majesty daeron ii the good targaryen king of the andals the rhoynar and the first men lord of the seven kingdoms and protector of the realm .
my youngest daughter lysa has recently turned 12 years of age and as such i would humbly ask of you to give her a proper education in the court of the capital .
i would also ask of you that my oldest son and heir orwen would be permitted to serve in the capital and learn to handle real responsibilities .
me and my girlfriend of shortly over a year just broke up yesterday.. we just did n't have any meaningful conversations anymore..
i just feel so empty right now.. that whole part of my life..
her brother whom i met her through.. thats all gone now..
juice should be at the ralph if they make the playoffs and hopefully sooner .
to pair with tapu lele and deoxys seriously i still confuse to decide my choice for psychic team any suggestion ?
i just recently obtained an ultimatum ring from the philosopher books .
even though it sets the attack to 2m-2m the range is still affected by final damage and damage .
i met a player a long time ago forgot his class who would solo end game classes with this ring .
there are also some video on youtube that show some players reaching over 12mil range with this ring .
sir you ca n't test your strength by trying to lift the fatties ! ''
somedays i need to open and edit a lot of word documents through out the day and during these days i just keep microsoft word open even when not currently editing any documents .
this leads to the documents opening faster since word is already running .
structurefire 9:58pm 700 s beverly glen bl http bit.ly/2kwdc9d http bit.ly/2kwdc9d westwood/ucla large approx 3,000 sq ft 1 story single family dwelling with fire showing likely attic fire lafd inc 1577 fs 71 batt 9 westbureau council district 5 bc9 e237 e292 e37 e450 e71 ra37 ra71 t37 t92 ch9 18 margaret stewart
for anyone curious to get every item from the little mog minister for candy is 249 of each .
that 'll net you every single item he has .
or 129 if you do n't want the awakening items .
take treasure farmers like xon locke and that pod tmr to help drop rate
you wo n't get more but they help the chance of getting some over none at all .
hey wanted to know of there are any good computer/electronic stores in west palm beach to purchase newer parts like frysor microcenter .
brandsmart does n't have them and i 'm trying to avoid best buy at all costs .
i 'm doing a project for school that deals with influence tactics .
he won with a near landslidish vote so i 'm wondering if it was because of that or some other major thing that he did .
this question relates in no way to the current election so do n't bring it up please .
i have been tossing and turning and trying to decide wether i want to restore my macbook pro to my new hackintosh which runs the same os or start clean .
i mainly use macos for development xcode web mobile etc and trying to get everything restored on the new mac would take ages .
so if i was to restore to the new hackintosh has anyone here done it before and how did it go ?
just to give a bit of context on the hackintosh i have a ssd with windows on it .
i have a isolated ssd with osx with efi partition .
i actually use asrock 's built in boot manager to boot into the 2 os 's .
if i was to brick one os i still have access to the other .
now is there a way to clone the ssd of the macbook to the hackintosh ssd without overwriting the efi partition ?
ive looked at ccc and i do n't see an option to clone partitions .
i had a family commitment so one of my fellow players decided she 'd like to post what happened .
our dm ran a oneshot not wanting to miss the awesomness that is kel the wizard .
this is the tale of the fuckery that ensued .
my dm ended up building a one-or-two shot encounter while one of our usual buddies had to miss due to reasons .
there was a half-orc fighter me a human druid and a human warlock .
we started out camping as per usual and the fighter was expecting an encounter .
sure enough an old man came stumbling through the woods looking for help .
the story went like my people are all the sudden being oppressed by the king who originally ruled us left us alone and we think that it 's a sorcerer who came into the castle complex .
they party agreed to help but was told that they 'd have to change their appearance .
the old man dropped his disguise and revealed that he was in fact a goblin .
the dm said we 'd have goblins but i had no idea it would be like this .
kill the goblin or see what it has in store ?
the the druid and warlock were still along for the ride and we decided to still go along with it .
beforehand the goblin mage disguised us all to look like goblins and told us to play the part .
we get there and come across a cavern that 's half cave and half sewer system .
one bugbear and a little more than a hundred goblins met us got familiar with us and by that i mean sniffed and licked us .
the fighter tried to elbow them away but failed to and got a nice lick on the elbow .
the bugbear got everyone 's attention and spoke to us in goblin .
the fighter explained it away as her having been a former slave to orcs and not allowed to learn goblin .
the human warlock was described as being hard of hearing .
the human druid explained himself by babbling in druidic and being called crazy .
the goblins rolled for perception to see if we 're as we say we are .
i bet you 're not as strong as you look ! said one goblin .
the fighter picked her way through the crowd to the one who spoke up .
the goblin started furiously backtracking but it was too late .
and as a half orc i got to roll damage again for my fighter .
the dm told me not to bother rolling and that i have knocked this goblin the fuck out and into next week .
other goblins started cheering her on knowing she had now proved herself .
they gave the druid a trial to eat a nasty leech and he crit fails his constitution check and spews everywhere .
to solve this problem he turned into a bear and stopped any questions on if he could handle himself .
next they had us all run a gauntlet that was a cave filled with sharp objects .
no problem the orc fighter charged through made it and took a victorious swing at one of the goblins .
the warlock did n't want to run through so instead she made two eldritch blasts .
one hit one crit fail that hit the fighter .
the fighter fell on top of the goblin and knocked it out .
the bugbear then told them that the trials did n't mean anything and it was just their way of fucking with them .
the fighter was so mad that she swung and ended up knocking out the third goblin of the night .
the tenderized goblins were all dragged into the time out corner .
the rest of the night was spent with hallucinogenic toads which the still-bear druid ate ensuring that he would be tripping balls well into the next day and disgusting goblin cuisine .
the fighter knocked out another goblin bringing her total up to four .
the druid had a really bad trip and the warlock 's imp familiar kept the goblins from robbing us blind as we slept .
the next morning would bring the actual battle but playing my fighter in this one-shot was starting to be one of the funnest experiences in d d that i 've had so far .
as for the actual battle is a different and less funny story p
pretty much you have the same power as magneto .
your a telekinetic but you can not lift metal .
every apple store around me is showing every s3 watch as out of stock until november 13 ... seems pretty ridiculous .
or do they just not know when they will have more in stock ?
when i am in the xbox app the controller is able to navigate and interact appropriately .
when i launch a game i am unable to get any commands to work .
for example when trying to play the battlefront 2 beta the intro will play but i am unable to skip it .
when pressing the a button it does n't do anything .
even once past it and trying to launch a game it does n't do anything .
i 've tried connecting via bluetooth and usb both yield the same results .
i 've tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still does not work .
yesterday after i shot 15 bags i went out .
had about 4 drinks with this girl and forgot i had taken .5 mg kpins a few hours ago .
so i 'm out with this girl and i 'm feeling rilll good .
i take her home and of course do n't go in cause my dick ai n't workin for shit so do n't even want to deal with that .
last memories i have are that i went to 711 and copped 2 tall boys .
i cracked open one and was drinking it walking home .
i kind of remember getting to my building but not much after .
i wake up this morning and the doorman goes how you feeling ? i was like good why ?
he said that i came in started talking to him about the girl i 'm chill with the dude so that is n't weird and next thing i sat on the chair and just fell off .
he took me to my room and was all good .
i 've been looking for the answer of like 2 hours i 've added a slider next to the ideologies but they do n't actaully show .
has anyone compiled a list of resources you gain in the horde bash mission ?
i feel like this would be pretty useful info for planning what schematics to upgrade as you gain points .
got a nice stack of records for sale and i will probably be adding more .
i try to grade condition conservatively and price near lowest discogs price relative to condition .
would really prefer to sell multiples and i 'll do 4 flat rate shipping for as many as you want .
if you have questions or want more specifics on the pressing/condition just message me .
condition media/sleeve is this usually the order condition is listed in or is it the opposite ?
slayer seasons in the abyss picture disc unofficial release .
not sure how to grade the vinyl call it vg .
has some surface noise but it 's a picture disc so what do you expect ?
at the drive-in interalia half black/half bone colored vinyl with bone splatter .
leonard cohen songs from a room first u.s. press .
reggae cover of dark side of the moon in its entirety .
main source breaking atoms vmp release with all extras .
pavlov 's dog pampered menial/at the sound of the bell vg+/vg 18
wan na just do what is required of you while earning great rewards ?
we 're currently in a bit of a rebuild but if you can bare with us we promise it will be worth your time !
despite us being down 8 members we still bring in all the minimums for events .
we are in advanced bracket for aq running map 4,4,4,3,3. and our war rating is 999 .
we als like to mention that upon growing with us once you have outgrown us we have a 7.5m rated sister alliance that will take you in once you 've beefed up with us !
if this sounds like the alliance and family you would like to be apart of have a look at our google document yes we strive on organization so much we have a google document outlining our easily met rules https docs.google.com/document/d/1dy0ghb-yenvra45o6fbjdpyfwqjl67qguecomluwrce/edit ? usp=drivesdk then add 123bruno1234 or soupy91syk on line app and have a screenshot ready of your roster !
i have enough scraps to craft at least one fully competitive deck maybe even two but i really do n't know what i actually want to play right now .
at the beginning of the open beta i took off with a slightly expanded version of the ng starter deck and then i found myself very comfortable with playing the foltest 27 cards with light cavalry and the good old reaver hunter memes .
now expecially after the armor nerf i 'd like to try a different faction on the ladder but
for whatever reason i have no interest at all in anything related to scoia'tael and i 'd be glad if someone could prove me wrong
i 've always felt skellige lacking in flavour and i 'm afraid i would n't enjoy it that much even with something very powerful like swim 's restore which would be one of the possible choices at the moment yes i 'm a petty netdecker because i want to keep it f2p and i still do n't have many cards to experiment with on my own
if it has to be monsters i 'm torn between wild hunt and dagon
i 'd really like to play reveal but at its current state and given the fact that i 'm a f2p player it just feels very underwhelming or even a waste of scraps .
spies is perfectly fine and i do n't even consider mill to be an option because it 's just not for me .
u/sceptistar i 'll be around at around 3 pm est today until probably about midnight .
my name on the discord is boo in case you want to schedule a time there .
and james rodriguez do good could he still get an if on wed ?
i was wondering how cold it should be to be safe to stop watering indoor cacti .
i 'm in europe belgium and fall is getting pretty cold already .
they are on my windowsil which is quite cold single glass and a stone sil but a good amount of sun .
also do they need light or not during dormancy ?
as opposed to them all looking the same with hooded faceless heads they went they extra mile and gave all nine of them a different iron mask .
i know this does n't seem like a lot but for them to manage to make nine different masks all look just as intimidating and badass as each other while still looking like a part of the world they 're a part of as well as all being recognizable/distinguishable that 's really impressive .
do n't get me wrong i like peter jackson 's design of them in the film trilogy .
but here not only do all of them have different back stories and identities but you can tell which is which and every single one of them is a figure collector's/cosplayer's/prop maker 's dream come true .
after purchasing overcooked last night my software collection grew to the point of enabling the all software '' button at the far-right end of the list on the home menu .
it 's really cool and efficient to be able to see all of your titles at one time but is n't it a bit wasteful to have to scroll to the end of the list to select it ?
unless you have a massive library that you play through consistently you have a pretty good chance of passing the game you want to play on the way down .
to me this button would become infinitely more useful if it were set to the left so that it would either be selected by default or so that you just have to click left once to select it .
i know this is n't an issue for people who only own a few games but as my library grows i would love to take full advantage of this option .
i do n't really see nintendo changing this since it 's such a small off-hand part of the ui but i know that i would appreciate it .
it 's rained one day out of the past three weeks here .
it was getting so dry i was considering actually washing my car .
squishes birthday party is today at my house outside with like 30 people coming .
the weather maps are showing a massive line of storms heading straight for us ... .
i ca n't fit 30 people into my house i ca n't even fit 10 .
mother nature you 're a jagoff you could n't have waited one more god forsaken day to hold off this monsoon ? ! ?
it was a perfectly hectic day with a ton of food and the most amazing friends .
now i 'm ready for beer and bed ... .
stop crying guys and thanks for the patch ea .
post about 65k items sold on the transfer list .
i would like to make a fe6 pick my edits .
where you can suggest changes to all characters bosses and items in fire emblem 6 .
if you want to chance a boss please say in what chapter that boss appears .
i would like to have at least every boss and character changed in some way .
i also will increase enemy growths depending on how strong you make the character.i hope to get a lot of creative suggestions .
wolt 2 str/spd 7 mov can use lances all archers can fly
sue becomes lyn with 15 growths mani kati has 60 uses
wendy 5 to all stats 20 to all growths can use swords and axes
barth kellams base stats oswins growths starts with uber spear
oujay inv 3 armourslayers skl/spd growth doubled all other growths divided by 3
fa besides the divine stone fa now also starts with a fire dragon stone .
wich does n't give stat boost but has infinite durability .
yodel lvl15 bishop all bases 25 hp 35 skills maxes 10con all growths 200
i met this girl in class and i never spoke to her in 2 years before we met and when we did i felt like my life became fucking amazing we were both obsessed with each other i think she liked me a lot more
but i pussy-ed out and never asked her out and after 3 months told we should hook up but i guess i was already friend zoned and being me i forgot about it and kept it cool with her .
a year later i feel these vibes from her soo say if i was to ask her again lets say to start dating or to be my gf should i go back to being the same friend and even if she said yes i do n't really know how to make a move with her anymore because most of that hot awesome momentum is well ... . faded .
if the ball handler tries to post up and get closer to the basket and the defender holds his ground and stands still to avoid giving up ground closer to the hoop and the ball carrier keeps pushing back is that a charging foul ?
what if he doesnt 'charge ' but pushes his way to the hoop ?
selling a truely bta hole m9 crimson web https s.metjm.net/vqrh7h1.jpg with a low float of 0.16fv for field tested .
this knife cleanliness of its hole has matched 2 minimal wear m9 crimson webs being sold on reddit !
the 2 minimal webs this https s.metjm.net/nz4hea9.jpg and this https s.metjm.net/qyvhvy9.jpg they do not have webs.
has an exact center big web on the playside .
no other field tested m9 crimson web on sale now has a hole that can even come close to this titan .
had this knife 2 months ago where i traded it away a lot of work went through in contacting the owner of this knife thus my high b/o .
on a side note i 've sold my 12th m9 cw and this is my 13th and never had i once came across one with such a hole as this .
current b/o 135 keys only slightly negotiable as i am not in a rush to sell this at all no vanilla revolver esports keys at all .
spawned on customs gas station extraction as a scav obviously .
saw a dude on the railroad overpass we wiggled at each other all seemed cool .
as i went under the overpass that dude ran forward towards locked shortcut .
we got joined by another player scav that came from the the side towards middle extraction .
i thought it was his buddy as they were relatively close to each other .
i wanted to be friendly so i dropped one of the two elcan optics ive found in a chest .
that probably angered that good sir as he headshotted me with pumpaction .
got to say even though he behaved like a bastard i had to laugh a bit too .
i noticed that maw of souls and halls of valor give 250 rep on normal and heroic but none of the other dungeons i tested give any rep .
i read somewhere that vault of the wardens was supposed to give wardens rep same goes for darkheart thicket and dreamweavers etc .
though it seems the only dungeons that give rep are the ones in stormheim .
is this a bug or is it supposed to be this way ?
it 's just frustrating because i 'm like 500 rep away from getting revered with 3 factions and there 's no world quests/emissaries/missions/invasions to do right now
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.npr.org/sections/13.7/2017/10/06/556004028/should-you-leave-grandma-with-the-robot reduced by 85 .
el kaliouby is ceo of affectiva a company whose quot ai humanizes how people and technology interact . ''
the essence of the technology that affectiva pioneers is the ability of computers to recognize human emotions based on the quot activation quot of muscles in the face .
one potential application for the technology 039 s use would be to provide quot emotional robots quot for the elderly .
as more potential applications of the technology were discussed in el kaliouby 039 s lecture the more it became clear to me how the technology is also a kind of trap we are preparing for ourselves .
once a technology that treats emotions as data becomes pervasive we may soon find that data is the only aspect of emotion we come to recognize or value .
once billions of dollars flood into that equation we may find ourselves trapped in a pervasive technology that flattens our experiences and reduces our lives .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.npr.org/sections/13.7/2017/10/06/556004028/should-you-leave-grandma-with-the-robot faq http autotldr.io 227278 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords technology 1 emotion 2 human 3 how 4 more 5
post found in r/futurology http np.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/7510yw/should_you_leave_grandma_with_the_robot_so r/scienceuncensored http np.reddit.com/r/scienceuncensored/comments/74uxjp/the_real_danger_of_ai_turning_emotions_into_data and r/robotics http np.reddit.com/r/robotics/comments/74sfrq/should_you_leave_grandma_with_the_robot .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i took break from fifa last year and bought pes instead but now i 'm back and struggle bigtime with corners .
in pes i can choose who comes up field for corners is the same possible in fifa ?
also is there any way i can choose who stands where ?
i have a midget on the left wing who keeps stealing everyones crosses .
i have bendtner kjær and vestergaard as my preferred recipients of the corner kick but this little nigerian guy will just push away kjær and vestergaard to then go on and lose in the air .
bendtner does n't really want the ball it seems so he will typically just run away in a random direction if i try to hit him with my pass .
i was hoping he might consider trying to head the ball if i put him somewhere he feels more comfortable .
btw the midget is terrible at corners so i ca n't have him take them either .
it 's pretty annoying to have a trio of powerdanes and never get to use their size because of some hyper active nigerian midget .
dont expect all the first move to be made by the other person .
a cool as fuck hobby that you are passionate about makes you look uber cool to other people .
he was n't being more responsible really and lisa 's comment is a result of eight years of dealing with bart .
just because bart is responsible once that does n't mean he has really changed .
dolphins may not do coke but they do chew on puffer fish and pass them around getting high off their nerve toxins .
2 years ago i told my professor that i had a french vanilla situation '' when i had to go take a piss .
i also ca n't say individual the correct way anymore unless i say it very slowly .
if i say it at normal speed i 'll come out as in-duh-vi-jul ''
with one color for both the lock screen and home screen it behaves normally .
i tried setting it as a different color for each and now i 'm getting the same graphic issues you have .
they will find a way to make their money back .
even if your car revs its engine pretty hard trying to maintain speed while hydroplaning the engine does n't have much momentum to it so the moment the wheels touch pavement again the revs will drop right back down .
unless they were trying to pull back after the ridiculous ease of most of the omicronian weeks ...
yeah but how do we know that is n't like an automated enchantment that simply puts up a painting of any headmaster regardless of the public opinion surrounding their tenure ?
i 'd put up a statue or something specifically to say look we are honoring a brave man who made himself appear to be a traitorous murderer he actually euthanized dumbledore on dumbledore 's own orders as part of a plan to defeat voldemort . ''
i just would n't name my child after someone who used his status as an authority figure to abuse my friends and me for several years just because he could n't get over the fact that my dad used to bully him when they were kids even though my dad did eventually grow up and stop doing it and he treated me like i was the very same father i never knew even though i 'm just an eleven-year-old kid and he 's a grown-ass adult .
going to assume this is from zach zaidman since i am blocked from seeing the tweet .
it could also be cranking a vintage movie camera https i.pinimg.com/564x/8e/43/9b/8e439bf41da4da5c7f1faa8aa5990b16 staps-manual-transmission.jpg and doing a terrible job of holding it in place .
it 's nice to see he is n't making the same mistakes frequently
if we can say that after 20 games there 's a lot to be excited about .
can you imagine having that thing on side of your face
i 'm still getting back into the swing of things for rts i mostly like turn based and pause early and often .
it just helps be precise and get used to the flow .
i 'm starting to need p less and play them out straight but it 's a great way to keep the panic out and try to make the correct tactical decisions .
without p i tend to get frustrated by cav and spells and they can be so powerful it 's better to try nd learn the micro/macro balance with the benefit of stoppage .
also i got quite a bit from watching a few let 's plays .
just forward to the battles and watch the mouse .
trying to play and record tends to divide their attention a bit so they often play quite a bit like middle of the road players even if i 'm sure out of an lp many of then are quite good .
so it 's sloppy good play which i find is what i aspire to .
i already have him but thanks for the advice !
he‘s really good and will be awesome when he gets an inform !
lol at anyone who thinks cheetodust cuntmouth is playing some kind of long game .
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
for the sequels probably but i think there 's enough for the ot and pt .
not much longer if i have any say in it .
i agree with you that we all have a responsibility to give and do our best for society .
it benefits us all when we do our part .
do n't pollute the waters so that we may all live heathier lives and all that .
here 's where i disagree with all of you though i have come to learn that force only ever makes things worse and less productive .
government is an inherently inefficent way of doing anything .
and while all businesses have their ways of ripping us off since government forces you to give them money they have no motivation to spend the money wisely .
i 'd be totally ok with giving half my money or more to the government if i knew the streets would be in excellent condition that the police would be respectful and not be interested in just squeezing all they can out of us look into civil asset forfeiture it 's disgusting that schools would teach students well .
instead i live in ny and spend more on taxes than on shelter food and clothes combined in a year i 've actually run the numbers and what do i have to show for it ?
the streets are a joke schools suck and the police are corrupt and only interested in perpetuating their own existence .
so give more of your money to the pit of government if you wish but do n't drag me into it .
i 'm definitely going to give it a try then !
if you have to can you cut the drywall up about 6 inches and add new in that would be covered by your baseboards ?
for the wood you can try to sand it down somewhat but if it 's curling ... good god .
there are odor killing sprays out there i 've had success with but this is a pretty rough case .
you got to remember it really depends on your situation and to sometimes take sims with a tiny grain of salt just a tiny bit .
simcraft sims exactly based on the action order script written .
on certain scenarios some players could squeeze out more dps with gear set a rather than gear set b even if the sim suggested b over a depending on how flawed '' or different their rotation is compared to the action script .
that being said though if you think you could pull better numbers with the 2p gear combo i suggest you take it .
people only see the theoretically highest possible ilvl including stuff in your bags in group finder anyways i think ... .
this fucker should be in a maximum security prison for his crimes
harmon is already streaming the count down and you are wrong .
yea ca n't blame the kids without blaming the adults as well
i love reading your comments they 're always very insightful !
hamilton and rosberg were friends from their really early racing days ca n't remember if it was as far back as karting but it was n't far off .
we really do n't have culture or anything special .
not at all she would just see how fucked up my fetishes realized with her in them would be .
i 've written several satirical pieces for local and galnet and trust me someone will eventually take offence to it and have a hissy fit .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
will this project divert too much attention to delay model 3 production ?
bunch of yellow shirted mortys that think they 're lab coated ricks .
the reality though is that using a blockchain dierctly for currency has several major drawbacks .
to make bitcoin really work as currency we need a second layer protocol otherwise we will have to sacrifice security and decentralization .
very nice off healing chip damage support is one of my favorite things to experiment with now after going through the build a super strong unit '' phase .
there 's also a bit of aesthetic synergy to these unlikely teams would n't you say ?
do a search online for a three-fund porfolio to see what you want to do .
people think that having large cap mid cap and small cap in each of growth and income is six different things when really it 's about 1.5 different things and the rest is overlap .
i 've always liked all the pretty horses '' by cormac mccarthy
if you mean by more competitive that more teams are able to win it sure but there is no team in the us that would win basically any of the european leagues .
not that there are n't lots of reasons for that but still .
i think owl would have better quality if it was promotion/relegation .
you are forced to have the best of the best on your team because otherwise you relegate .
not only that but pro/rel gives people to come in from the outside as a team and compete .
this will never happen now all that will happen is players will be picked out of certain teams and play in the owl for another team .
i get why owners do n't want pro/rel but i do n't think the franchising brings out the best of the best .
it does give blizzard 20mil a team and pro/rel without franchising would n't .
that does n't change the fact that your comments are useless dumbass .
the only way to check to make sure it is a problem with the hd60 pro is to hook the output port up to another tv or monitor and seeing if that works if that works but that one monitor does n't you might have an out of range issue
look at the monitors lights when you have your switch hooked up and the hd60 pro hooked up are they any different or are they the same ?
unlimited devices per user but there 's a monthly cost to manage a router switch server in the same way there 's a monthly cost per user and all of their devices .
i know people that exclusively do coke by dipping the filter end of a cigarette in it .
you took time to write back and made a very valid argument .
and i will take that in consideration when trading in my misty
does n't count as a loss if they won you get the win .
you have no right to tell me i ca n't smoke my emotional support cigarettes on the train !
removing the headphone jack is just removing a feature .
when there is a new wireless technology that is at least as good as wired headphones then we can maybe start talking about transitioning .
until then it 's just forced obsoletion trying to get us to buy wireless headphones straight from the manufacturers who left us those as our only option .
a rifle with a bump stock is still a semi automatic rifle .
the stock just helps you pull the trigger really fast .
which by the way you can bump fire without the bump stock .
i was tempted to go brissett myself so that 's what i would say
sorry i 'm still kinda new to pc building .
it 's a method of voltage regulation there are 3 main types of regulation group regulated indy individually regulated and dc-dc tl dr dc-dc is the best for anything you need .
group regulated is the worst as your 12v or 5v can go out of spec without the psu realising and stopping it .
how would i know when my psu is dying/needs to be replaced ?
if it starts whining coil whine then that 's indicative that it needs replacing otherwise just replace it within 6 months of the warranty ending ...
if you think i 'm a shitty president now just wait .
with trubisky starting i want to wait a week to see how cohen factors in and derrick henry has n't looked as impressive as we thought he would .
collins shapes up to be the lead back against an average oakland d and with injuries limiting the other cardinal receivers besides larry i like jaron browns target opportunity .
if you dont wan na debate it thats fine .
i 'm in a similar situation and i 'm starting crowell over cohen .
i like the matchup i like that hue has said he has to try to get crowell involved .
i do n't think it would be too far fetched to see 75 yds and a td .
it was so much harder for people to turn gay '' before gore invented the internet .
a sunderland award would be mostly academy players our senior team is shit
did you try and get it professionally cleaned they will charge 100 to 150 for cleaning a seat
it feels like naruto and its from the same studio as naruto
always going on about social housing shit has and weight issues .
one looks beautiful as an 8x10 photo printed on the right kind of paper framed and hanging in my home for decades .
also she did n't pay any money for the ultra hi-res let 's call it ultra hi-res '' if you call what 's available on the internet hi res '' .
i 've mentioned in these comments a couple times to those who have pointed out to me that got the rights '' may not have been the most accurate term .
what i meant was that the license holder sent me the file of this image for personal use only .
did n't know anyone like that in high school but have certainly met a lot of people that match that description .
especially since i work next door to a men-only homeless shelter a halfway house and a group home with known sex offenders .
drugs mental illness and a history of sexual abuse is a prevailing theme among them .
i admit i get a kick out of laughing at sjws and crazy sexualities .
but i 've noticed that you start to grow more bitter and resentful if that is all you surround yourself with .
you start to believe that such people are more common than they really are .
and heck you might even get self conscious about the crazy things these people spout .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
however core developers and miners were disputing technical issue with far reaching consequences .
core developers are much more tech savvy than miners .
he could have done a lot of things different that game but getting cull was definitely the dumbest shit he did .
hah i remember posting a comment about the moon and the rocket regarding the design ...
it looks like you really changed it though perhaps just a coincidence .
one remark the poster with running a full node '' depicts a miner.. it 's a little confusing but a nice graphic design anyway !
being a drama queen about it is only going to add to the problem you 're describing imo .
or they may have interpreted the question to more pointedly refer to the only party to actually have a sikh leader the ndp and answered reflexively based off of that not wanting to give the impression that they would consider voting ndp .
greens and ndp might be on the same end of the spectrum but in many ways the ndp are the greens biggest rival because they are most likely to split that left leaning vote away from the greens .
to pc game to a good standard you really do n't need to spend anymore than £500 but of course due to higher settings higher fps there is the potential to spend infinite amounts .
lots of people save for a long time you will likely find some is bought via finance credit etc some people can just outright buy .
i spent £1200 1400 but i did n't have that money on me at the time so i borrowed over 12 months interest free people do it in different ways
i do n't mean to just tag myself right along in your comment chain but i think the world would be pretty awesome if we all had some universal way of talking to each other .
your comment as it stands is gibberish to me .
i could google translate it and try to mince together some bad german in response to possibly mistranslated german .
your point might get lost somewhere in there or mine lost back to you .
at times i truly do believe that because i feel like i 'm beating myself down before having a crush on her i was so energetic and happy but now i can hardly talk and smile unless i hear from her
i take it back i was watching a pre-season game and i saw kelly trip on himself while jogging back .
i would never use this as its expensive and it would be cheaper to just get counseling through my insurance .
and at my airline our union offers free counseling services .
probably does n't help that i always run dungeons with pugs ... .
what 's the point of me picking professional if after i go 2-0 you 're going to modify ai player stats on the fly ea ?
i picked 1 difficulty and yet some times i can play against 3 different settings in one game .
that 's the exact same moves as my run xd
i 'd agree as far as the content but her voice is like nails on a chalkboard to me
personally i really think lightning shots should be removed unless the op can prove it is n't long exposure .
i do n't come to the comments here enough to know if this is a common complaint but it gets on my nerves that someone standing around with a camera is considered equal to timing a good shot
i have orlando and 2b as my main dds .
queen ist also in my pool but her enhancements are just to expensive
i did n't know that there was more than one .
i 'm not a fan of the butch new design and the costume is dreadful .
clearly you got carded because you did n't want to take it in the ass ...
well phil got 2 grams of weed and a personal check for 40 with eating human hair '' written in the memo line .
the low-rent check cashing store even called me on the phone to verify the legitimacy of the check .
p1p1 i would have agreed with you a while back but after playing the format out this is an extremely close pick .
minotaur oathkeeper is the best justice common in set 2 three of the four justice archetypes in this format favor heavy aggression and oathkeeper is near irreplaceable as the primeir 1 drop in any of these archetypes .
extract has a great effect but it cant be splashed and shadow is the weakest color in this format by a fair margin .
for that reason i would pick the oathkeeper just based on color preference because justice is better enough than shadow that it 's worth taking a slightly worse card but either pick is defensible .
p1p2 given the extract pick i would still never take denouncer over archive curator here .
curator is a better card than denouncer and even if they were the same power level curator has a huge advantage due to being a single color .
you ca n't think of this as oh i 'm in shadow so either card pushes me into another color '' because there 's a chance shadow gets cut in which case you have a much higher chance of playing curator than denouncer .
p1p3 trailblaze is not a good card in draft .
spending two mana for a little bit of card selection is horrendous in the early game and passable in the late game but so many games are decided by tempo that playing this in your deck just is n't worth it unless you 're desperate for playables .
i would n't even consider it as a potential pick here and i count 6 cards in the pack that i would pick over it .
yes forking can happen but not all the time .
only if there is a serious disagreemnt i believe it is not software forking as such it is just business someone trying to make money .
though it just came to my mind somebody might be pushed to fork hoping this might weaken the crypto industry and dilute it so minimise its growth reduce the network value .
reddit should n't be the place to alleviate your guilt .
you did something you regret make sure you do n't do that to yourself again .
accept it and act on it the way you see best fit .
the string categorical value '' feature is very handy !
well they do n't force you to give up a real name phone numbers pictures or anything else..so how would they know who you are ?
i guess if you have an android cell phone with a regular account they would know who you are but in general you do n't have to give up any info like with facebook and other services .
you mean the puppeteers controlling the u.s. government i presume ?
it 'll go live as soon as the servers are up
✿◠‿◠ i will make the deadly neurotoxin a not-so-deadly neurotoxin for your weak body in particular ḑo̸͏n'̀͠t̡̛ worry ...
i see a cartoon with some funny moments here and there .
i 'm not looking for philosophical guidance from the cartoon network
i 'll start wondering this now whenever i get indigestion
so ... ... .where did you get this lovely lingerie ?
my gf has been wanting some sexy ass lingerie and this would be perfect !
edit i see that my comment has been misunderstood i did not compare gary cahill to gerard pique .
i sincerely meant that gary was having sexual intercourse with pique .
errrr are you saying that you should always vouch for someone no matter what they do as long as they have the same views as you ?
... .you ... dont realise how fucked up that is ?
so your list of heroes would include members of the church who hid the fact that other members were touching small children ?
how do you forget that electricity is a bill ?
it will eventually leave when disney launches its own streaming service in 2019 .
yea i know and i also did n't expect they 'd actually put inigo on a banner so i had n't saved up any orbs .
used it all chasing for elincia and yet not getting her i guess i sound hopeless since i blew all of the free orbs i amassed on this banner and as i said got my pity rate broken by azura .
i 'm well aware she 's a good unit but i do n't really want her .
the thing is they really did many extremely good decisions ... and still lost .
it was scary to see how little they managed to achieve with syndra and kog even though they constantly outplayed msf in macro sense in mid game .
a guy has to wonder can they do it on a cold night in stoke ?
... amm i mean can they do it without double on trist .
chủ đề administration với nhiều từ high band nhớ nhóm từ này để ghi điểm band 9.0 .
administration topic with a wide range of relevant words for band 9.0
incidentally i made that exact same comparison to several other people who agreed with it .
if they invited you then it would n't be awkward .
i 've been to a couple in my career .
if you are just gon na play casually and have fun ... then it 's all good but a better alternative would be lol .
if you are starting just now you will have to dedicate a lot of time and effort to really progress and become really good .
but truth be told unless you want to go pro and make a living out of it ... its not really worth .
time would be better spent socializing and doing other things .
if i could go back and not play dota i would .
so who do we have to start in midfield against pool ?
i hope we do n't go with a midfield three of matic herrera and carrick .
pretty sure we 'll be out-pressed by the scousers .
you got the psu installed the right way in so that 's a good sign .
wedel was bought by cadbury and sold to lotte in 2010 because the european commission did n't want mondelez which bought cadbury in 2010 to have a monopol in chocolates in poland .
pakistan 15 din main tabah hu jaiye ga false news of indian media
based on the most recent video on ogn they are also using 6k bitrate .
at that bitrate as far as i can tell there is little to no difference between 720 and 1080 .
without increasing the bitrate there 's very little reason to increase the resolution but that 's my experience
now i do n't know shit about editing but that 's some damn fine editing
i get that you do n't want to put any of this on your partner right now because of timing .
for help holding on if you ca n't get an emergency appointment with your regular therapist you could try a suicide crisis line for some short term relief .
there 's also an online chat facility if talking is too much .
the raads-r is pretty high definitely worth seeking formal diagnosis .
it sounds like you are overwhelmed with feelings of self loathing .
it 's not your fault that you 've spent your life not knowing what you are dealing with .
the knowledge can really help you to do better in future .
you do n't have to tell your partner all this right now if the timing is n't good but you can do your best to look after yourself and her and your daughters .
but that 's not as easy to do in the store .
giving players content to challenge them while wearing their new gear is the other .
at the same time frustration and anger also steers players away .
here 's to hoping massive chooses the positive route .
if his criminal record was when he was 18 i wonder why it has n't been considered spent https www.police.gov.sg/e-services/find-out/check-eligibility-for-spent-record .
i spend my sundays watching a gif of some guy cleaning his ute .
she had full control in consenting whether or not to perform for him .
regardless if money is involved consent is still consent .
i 'm not sure how well known it is iirc i read it quite some time ago in an article on cave exploration and the many dangers involved ... perhaps national geographic ?
if you google water aeration danger '' it will give you a bunch of links and examples
the cells that you can see are just play cups and bees build them all the time .
if they need them they 'll draw them out into queen cells but they can be left alone .
striker easy to level up and sounds fucking awesome .
it is like 10 jersey if you follow soccer/football .
scorer not as easy to level up but it counts goals !
sweeper easy to level up and very important to clear .
it is very personal to a lot of people depending on their style of play and that is why they will pay a lot more for the cert .
by us '' he 's probably speaking just about the us not the world .
i wonder if these crazy rich people put money in books they 're donating knowing it will make someone 's day if they actually getting reread ?
i ca n't imagine another scenario where money over a dollar or two gets left in a book .
im a seasoned rpg and persona player i even played the 1st one and the game took me about 100 h. i was playing on hard though ... also dont rush p5 .
its story telling and links with characthers are really good .
where i live you can buy a whole chicken seasoned cooked in a plastic container with a handle under a heat lamp for 5
you can process and scan at a place like costco .
can get tons if disposables for less than just a few digital devices .
and with all of the disposables being 35mm you take them in all at once .
no fiddling with media cards wifi or any other b.s .
just drive the over to costco an pick me up in a few days .
better fix in my opinion keep maul alive and have him be the one to wreck anikin and obi-wan .
dooku something of an ambiguous character who is a separatist due to his disillusionment with jedi bureaucracy but still against the resurgence of the sith comes in for the save instead .
he dies in the process but gives the pair time to escape .
1 you dont need to include your tradelink in q posts
if it works on a basic level then it is fulfilling its purpose .
refund were never intended for wah i didnt have fun ! ! ! ''
to clear out confusion i 'm not 100 sure more like 70 since mobile gamer hub 's deep hollows page is down so yeah .
if anyone has any info about it tell me so i delete the post .
if you ca n't play in the nba you should n't play in the nba .
if you have physical limits to what you can do like many people do then maybe that thing is n't for you .
it 's absurd to hide behind physical disability as some means of belittling people trying to offer up balance suggestions and ways to make the game more balanced in a sense of competition for everyone involved .
if i ca n't dunk that does n't mean the nba should lower the baskets so i can .
you would have a point if balance did n't matter .
competition is part of this game therefore it matters .
we ca n't balance around people with physical disabilities .
that 's why we have a special olympics even in sporting .
now even someone pointed out to you already heros like winston are accessible but still require a skillful way of using him .
however we ca n't make every hero like this .
i 'm sure mercy will be accessible even post nerfs the difference is she just wo n't be as good .
and like i stated we ca n't just balance around how disability fits into a hero 's strengths and weaknesses .
it just does n't mesh with competition and balance .
but especially in games involved with aiming this is n't possible to do all the time .
and the person you responded to originally was right .
mercy just has too many perks that do everything for her .
and it makes her pros far too great as a result .
and this results in a far too long reaching balance concern .
sometimes your favorite or most fitting character gets nerfed .
this is n't about making a game that everyone can enjoy or play .
should we design the game around blind people next ?
it 's messed up that you even have to think about that .
much of the stuff in half-life does n't make sense particularly the architecture tiny vents that only connect two points both on the outside of a building ?
palmer is actually a pretty good commentator i remember he did some gp2 commentary in 2015
for me and stops my inner restlessness and negative thought loops .
i know 50 of the rap nowadays mentions xanax bars and lean in every song .
i 'm sure that 's not helping our future generation .
okay i also have a purple or paragon sky blue
it 's not that i 'm not capable of forming a coherent thought i just do n't feel like it right now . ''
keep telling yourself that and projecting those self-esteem issues onto strangers on the internet .
i civilian do n't see what else they could 've done other than not fire at all .
imo they identified weapons saw a guy peeking an rpg around a corner .
all the while this is taking place in an area which had been under fire all day from what i read .
i 'm just curious not combative what the roe should 've been in his situation .
other than not engaging but why not is my question .
which i dunno why you would n't if your certain it 's the enemy where they have been wreaking havoc all day .
do they now have better tabs on the reporters locations at all times ?
the moderators of this subreddit have no professional relationship to frontier developments .
you 'd want to ask frontier 's customer service people like u/frontier_support about such matters .
though the answer is probably it 's on the list '' .
was the the guy that had the run in with virtually vain ?
it 's an even bigger assumption to think that our government would tolerate even a remote chance of a unsupportive president questioning their actions
in the very first summer tinder was released in london it got huge fast many girls i know met their boyfriends on there .
christ there 's people married with two kids who met on tinder when it first started .
it 's so weird how this sub whines tinder is only for hook ups '' !
like some tool tyrant desperate to control how every one dates .
tinder is a tool and can be applied however the user chooses .
just decide he 's going to try that over and over again until it works .
i play him a lot and it 's what he does .
it may fail 50 times but it only has to succeed once to make a reddit post .
plus that last car in goal is a bot .
yeah just because she snaps you directly does n't mean she did n't have 10 other dudes checked off '' to the same snap .
if she 's not quick to respond chances are she snapping multiple people the same snap .
interesting i did n't really even know there were grooves ca n't see them with the naked eye or feel them .
i presume the way they make the cups there must be a general x '' depression to form the square at the bottom .
we fucking need an apple cup of undefeated teams especially with all of this cupcake bullshit espn is throwing at our conference .
a dutch win here would mean scotland and png are both through to the qualifier too incidentally .
so do n't ask him about where to find mask .
because the dude specified he only wanted a specific amount .
we have a small issue the guy who was trading me for his saffron dracos backed out any interest in apex wheels regular dracos ?
i 've never played ix and incant find it on the wiki .
does the lamia 's tiara have any cool properties that would be worth stealing ?
never shortens and you can do the trick where you inject '' the lead inside your arm !
at least your opponent concede when i tech them with back to back wards they either do the disconnect thing or afk rope .
naahh using a fork you just mash it into a bit of well buttered toast salt it and fold it over .
i was on the fence on the ga side in a white tee near 2 really really tall guys that were tripping balls if that helps
there was clear connective tissue between his performance and the tim curry performance from the 90 's film but he brought a much creepier and almost excited vibe to the table that really impressed me .
i thought i would n't like it since i thought he was terrible in hemlock grove but the guy really delivered a great performance .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
right that 's why you have multiple interviews in case one screws your over .
i 'm using borg lvm and rsync to backup everything .
the distro files are backed up separate from the user ones .
tf|2 got screwed hard on their release date sandwiched between cod and bf .
this is a well known and pretty much settled deadhorse .
does it need to be connected to a socket ?
why not create a 'particle system component ' that you add as a component and assign it there .
actually i do n't think even think deserves that .
but the word salad would taste so damn good .
he was able if merc did n't use bottas tactically by holding up ver for 3 rounds .
i think this along with flex tape could keep the economy afloat just long enough to wait out the crash .
i do n't think he does it for his boss 's sake
for the record there is a theorem restricting roots of integer polynomials the rational root theorem .
the word dragon comes from the greek word draconta which means to watch. the greeks saw dragons as beasts that guarded valuable items .
in fact many cultures depict dragons as hoarding treasure .
you seriously value an actual living breathing human as being less than a few thousand dollars of things ?
this for quotes from admins which are the paid employees of the site .
held receiver with the back hand but good coverage on the front side .
whoever offers it first with it ready to be traded will get it .
i thought sting was the only 2 gold in this banner .
new ribbon cable is definitely a must looking to get some soon too .
and the alice frame bumps it up to a new level so once you have that you 'll be set .
i mean ... coulda predicted that one ... cej was trying to find the strike zone again in a hitters count .
it is far too reflective of my life to suprise me tbh
if you could fuck any celebrity of each gender who would they be ?
i was ok with his play calling all day until the last drive when he sent tavaris mcfadden on the corner blitz and sent a lb out in zone to cover the wideout .
why on earth would you take your best cover corner out of an obvious passing situation during a drive that literally has the game on the line .
no love for spags in this bitch i get it old man wade and jim schwartz are amazing but i think on a down to down basis spags is the best playcaller of all time .
if you had bb as hc designing the game plan then spags calling the plays in game that d would be unstoppable .
do n't study for your tests and you will get high scores .
i 'm scared she 'll snip my junk for staring too much
i was 100 not i have the bias of being a soldier in rc east when he walked off though .
yeah it 's fine to post it again once the 24 hours are up .
you clearly do n't clean your gun properly all mine taste great
we have 2 leading mostly complementary technologies that will benefit everyone if they both succeed .
sure iota tend to be a bit abrasive in their pr but bit of healthy head butting is good keeps the discussion alive .
we should be working on unseating bitcoin as an outdated alpha experiment .
a generic evil empire grunt from one of the games like a shinra soldier or something with an sb of calling in a horde of other cannon fodder from across ff to stampede the enemy .
it 's time for the common man to rise up against the oppression of legendary heroes and villains .
so is hitch gon na tandem bishop and kari or is he gon na actually let bish be the starter for once .
in other news dr. goyal is of the firm opinion that aids is good for your immune system
i fantasize about sex all the time but i do n't have any unusual fantasies .
i not seeing any moon launches till after korean holiday is over and the exchanges they been talking about is revealed .
we keep bouncing between 11.40 and 12.70ish for the pass week .
either a group or one rich whale keeps playing the market all week .
he/they never let us get to low and never lets us get to high before they start dropping 20k sell walls on us
yea i suppose but i still just do n't get why do n't really associate ra with motorcycle racing
the jermaine funnymain johnson oklahoma comments are going to be hilarious .
i said a few seconds ago that we had no will to fight .
i had a good 20mg oxy tolerance about 6 years ago and i took a single hydro and was on my fucking knees the whole night projectile vomiting .
the offense is n't producing nor is it getting long drives .
light them feet a little bit higher next time x
bryce harper fuck your getting out of the division series '' memes
the class system really only comes into play for scouts and engineers as they 're really the only ones with class specific jobs .
if you 're playing as heavy sniper or soldier the goal remains the same as any horde kill all the things before they kill you with the added caveat of letting the engineer build the fortifications and letting the scout pick up the dropped energy .
finding a good group does take a few tries i 'll give you that much but i still think you should give it another shot a few even it 's got it flaws but it 's got ta better than huffing it solo on campaign .
hmm i can see why the artifact could be confusing .
i failed in putting in the flavor of an orb that glowed when there was something new worth scrying .
i 'll perhaps look into something else or artifact creatures
we homeschool but i 'm pretty sure the schools here are more relaxed about hair than that .
guess it 's just another reason to add to the list of why i homeschool .
before everyone gets there pot boners going you may want to take a closer look at this .
if this is anything like the lottery or other taxes on bad things '' its mostly like not an additional 85 million likely supplanted from corporate taxes meaning those areas like cops school so much receiving a ton of additional money just money from other places .
if you 're going for all of them the sonic drift drift series for gamegear is part of it but those are kinda bad and hard to play .
sonic riders is the best in my opinion but sonic r is a very close second .
the all star racing series is amazing and you should definitely play those two though the first one sucks in comparison to transformed .
i took off last monday so i can work all this weekend .
i 've only been on jp for 2 months but my servants are decently leveled and should help you out .
who the hell is her pr person donald trump ?
people have been telling me it 's the most powerful evidence they 've ever seen .
believe me the dishonest courts will have no choice but to accept this evidence and we will win bigly . ''
but is n't the whole point of the title to match the subreddit ?
and me down voting every one of these stupid as comments is free speech
normally i wouldnt have looked that up but i had a class on tolkien and thought wait a minute no the silmarillion was basically his version of the bible '' lmao
my personal favorite is mackinac like the island or bridge that connects michigan 's pennisulas but once you start heading to the u.p .
shit just gets crazy ypsilanti cheboygan gratiot petoski ... hell !
i 'm not even sure i 'm spelling everything correctly and i 've lived here my whole life !
can confirm had mine for a year and the battery shut down problem started happening .
returned my phone to huawei do n't have nexus protect because i 'm dumb and they returned my phone with a battery that accubattery said it was at 105 health .
been going strong for a few months hope this lasts or else i 'll end up getting the pixel 2 xl .
get over it nobody 's going to give you free shit bc you did n't double check your trade .
like i felt bad last night when i read this but you literally copied and pasted the same thing today .
you 're obviously looking for some kind of sympathy from others .
i 'm not entirely sure if this will help but here 's what i made
think i have a yozuri i got on clearance from walmart .
i 'll dust it off and compare it to a paddle tail results .
instead of more enemies homebrew some enemies that have interesting mechanics to play off .
a bunch of street thugs might be using a unique fusion cutter-like device that has breach and burn qualities .
when considering things like soak it might be about as effective as a blaster pistol but has that annoying burn quality .
things with ongoing damage over time effects can be a real pain in the ass .
perhaps the group has gotten the attention of an elite group of soldiers/mercenaries that use elite stinger plasma rifles '' 7 damage 3 crit medium range ranged heavy accurate 2 can spend 2 advantage to inflict a plasma burn '' critical injury inflicts 2 wound damage every minute/round ignoring soak .
this effect can not cause more than 1 critical injury due to dealing damage past a character 's wound threshold .
these three constructors made my soldier feel useless in horde bash .
that is heartbreaking to hear but i am glad she got to do a few of the things that mattered most to her before she passed .
that 's literally one of the scariest things in life to me ... people trying to kill me never really got me super upset not really worried one way or the other about too many things just in general but losing my loved one before we 've had a chance to really build a life together is a terrifying thought .
it 's one that never completely leaves my mind because she has had an oddball lymph node 'thing ' going on that was initially diagnosed as lymphoma on attempted needle biopsy still do n't know why they did n't just straight do an excision the lymph node literally exploded and she went straight to surgery .
she still gets random lymph node swelling but nothing pops suspicious as of yet despite close follow-up .
still i 'm like 7 months from finishing med school ...
i know there 's a small list of things that can be responsible and it is scary to think about so i generally do n't .
i stay vigilant checking on how it 's been behaving once a month or so but that 's it .
you ca n't let fear run your life but it 's also stupid to completely ignore something that makes your spidey sense tingle ... finding and maintaining the balance is a neverending process .
last time i checked kevin mchale was a 3x nba champion who is regarded as one of the best in his position all time and was 3x 1st team defense .
i like harden but he 's less accomplished sorry .
he shrank big time in his 1 finals appearance in which he played with two mvps .
in a fake marriage with a fake wife with fake hair and fake breasts ... .
i grew up as a nudist as a choice in the sense that my mother was n't a nudist .
my dad and i were naked most of the time around the house and at the farm he owned .
i found the tour better even though the castle is smaller .
the way i see if you plant to seed during the day thinking about her then you will more then likely get a dream about her in the night .
if there 's a song you two listened together stop listening to it .
change your mind set a bit start thinking about yourself .
u/fakehelicopterpilot saw your comment and i thought i 'll tag you in too .
are our receivers taught to run sideline to sideline ?
either its fake or that person just installed a modded version of f/go with a damage modifier but if that 's the case i guess he 'll eventually say goodbye with that account .
most likely fronts and your rears will go off 5k miles after .
i 'm like 90 sure the into reference klingons were cgi were n't they ?
the last part of naruto is often criticized by the fandom .
you should watch the last '' it 's a canon movie about naruto hinata and also start boruto if you want more .
are you gay or is the girl lying about having a huge dick ?
nothing but one-way streets.. and god help you if you miss a turn .
we 're comparing it to workstations since they gave us no workstation retros proving they never saw this as a bugfix or an admission that the new direction of their products was a negative one .
to lenovo this is just appeasement to a seemingly fringe group of weirdos that wo n't get over that damn key shape thing . ''
none of these are even close to 1:1 compared to the ones that just came out today .
ok if it can do longwave and shortwave these are going to be am we can probably whip up a simple oscillator with the arduino that you can hear as a steady tone on the radio .
i 've been working on building a receiver with a 555 as the master oscillator as a random project .
you can get some 555s that work past 1mhz p
why the fuck would the guy fear for his life ?
it 's a traffic accident not an assassination attempt .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=police officers of reddit when you 've pulled over a vehicle what can the driver do to make you more comfortable ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly every tourist can wear tracht and if they do n't even know that a eadapfe is when i have some doubts .
i was n't going to respond because i 've already covered your new points but it 's worth a shot .
that 's exactly one of the things i pointed out in my previous reply .
your lack of understanding of the issue is just as bad as those that voted for trump .
you can not point to the electoral system when it clearly has been manipulated to give an unfair advantage to trump 's party .
gerrymandering and unfair representation makes the electoral system nothing more than a tool for the corrupt .
if you understood just how far it 's gone i doubt you 'd claim it 's what was wanted .
time and time again the electoral system pulled victories from the left .
when you consider corrupt district zoning voter surpression unfair representation voter roll hacking and possibly vote count hacking in two states you have a non-democratically-elected result .
the individuals caught up in this issue are just as ignorant to it 's inner workings as those who point to them and say how could you do this ? '' .
yes of course you use the popular vote as evidence .
well i 'd like to think i would have said something before running away like an absolute coward .
there were plenty of people in that crowd that stayed and pointed to where the gunfire was coming from and helped wounded people while bullets were bouncing everywhere .
his already shitty reputation is now much worse in my opinion .
and he needs to refrain from singing tom petty in the future .
i was very drunk in italy and thought it would be funny .
if you are visiting r/tattoos for the first time or visiting from r/all please be aware of all of the rules in the sidebar and stickied threads before posting .
common issues that will get you banned are any comments on personal appearance any discussion about pricing aftercare/medical advice or questions and trolling .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattoos if you have any questions or concerns .
ogres are like onions they are awesome to finely mince and put in nearly any savory dish ?
i do n't mind getting told i am wrong i only mind when the entire comment is dedicated to just you 're wrong '' esc statement .
they are trying to figure out what you did wrong and why you got caught .
so that they can avoid making the same mistakes themselves .
if a dog attacks another dog it is not a service dog .
if a dog barks at another dog it is not a service dog .
legit service dogs are trained to not attack anything .
they are trained to not bark at anything unless they really need to in order to save their owner 's life .
because most banks do n't loan out that much .
for personal loans the largest amount i 've found was 100,000 and for business it was a little over 300,000 .
there are business lenders that can give you up to a million but you ca n't just go in ask for one and get it .
you need excellent credit and a lot of money .
u/mitoza said s he has 3000 saved up that wo n't cut it .
to qualify for these loans you need either a minimum revenue of 120,000 and/or enough to pay the origination fee .
unless you believe trump in the body of u/mitoza could make money appear out of thin air he 's not getting that loan .
now i can boot with my graphics card in but the screen will be black .
however my mouse can be seen on the screen but nothing else .
yang or nora pressured your flair into a bet and won .
i died when i saw that the first time .
cry lil baby bitch you 'll learn how to troll someday .
i 'm not overweight and i 'm pretty sure i would have passed out on those sand dunes in that heat .
i was home in montgomery county just for last night but i go to school in lancaster so i go to chameleon club shows more often
i do n't personally get tilted off stuff like that .
all it does it make it so i ca n't tell when i 'm being talked over while trying to communicate with people on the team who i have not muted .
i was also recording and wanted to let them dig their own grave .
its kinda funny how tradesmen from other industries will raz food plant workers when in reality you work on more high quality equipment than i do .
i 'd love to spend a year working in a food plant .
you are both crazy if you missed that he 's being thrown around and/or carried .
this movie is the greatest superman movie ever if you end it after superman falls down to his death .
scandinavia is a free market economy with social welfare very different to what corbyn wants
now you 're just clutching at straws making accusations without any proof .
show us the evidence to back up your claims .
found the rank 20 running straight in a line survivor .
i absolutely did not mean that ivf is a walk in the park and full of magical clouds and rainbow unicorns drinking folate out of crystal-clear springs .
ivf like any infertility treatment that costs a lot of money and is not guaranteed to work is emotionally hard .
i imagine by the time people get to r/infertility they already know very well the heartbreak that infertility brings .
and ivf is expensive which causes a lot more pressure on people if there is no insurance coverage which there often is n't .
that 's why i said that the heartbreak and failure is scary but heartbreak and failure exists in all corners of infertility not just with ivf .
i had panic attacks nearly every day as i think people here can attest .
my trigger failed and i needed to rush and get an hcg trigger .
i used literally all of my savings on one retrieval cycle .
but ivf as a medical procedure is like you said not that bad comparatively .
the stuff that makes it bad is the stuff that makes infertility bad .
i dont care how cute he is he cant catch
definitely and this thing is insanely heavy for a 60
sexually compromised people are selected to run for power for the very reason that they are compromised and thus easily controlled by the puppet masters .
second bumble a lot of military and pre med girls that just wan na have a good time .
on r/nintendo and r/casualnintendo there is a grid in sidebar called the nintendo family '' all the other subs make sense and are nintendo related but i 'm not sure what the link between the mariners and nintendo is .
i 'm asking here and in the tekken sub because i 'm getting into fighting games for the 1st time want advice and have thumbs that seem to hit everything on a pad .
i 'm thinking the hori rap 4 qanba obsidian or the razer panthera .
want to buy an expensive coat from the states about 249 dollars usd which goes up to 319 cad .
it 's a big leather coat and not sure what kinda import feeds i 'm gon na be slapped with if any .
most vintage american guns i purchase can be easily identified with no real distinction outside of the norm .
i acquired an m1 carbine and it is an oddball .
the best information i could find was that the receiver was a post wwii manufactured unit along with the barrel .
what is really odd is that it appears to be a pseudo custom rebuild of an old war time gun as the other metal components and stock seem to be wwii vintage .
you can figure out these little oddballs by the fact that they are marked ufc for the universal firearms corporation that manufactured m1 carbines with blonde wood stocks up until the late '60s .
i made it to the calus cp but need a strong group to finish it .
would prefer to play with some experienced players so we can finish this in the first couple of tries .
i know the queen has never approved of charles marrying camilla but i think locking her out is taking it a step too far .
what do you all think a realistic trade for duchene would look like ?
my basics m 5 ' 11 185 pounds excess is mostly fat .
my goal is to cut down to 170ish or whenever i lose my little gut
for about two weeks now i 've been consuming between 1400-1500 calories per day .
daily cardio runs at my gym between 700-1200 calories eliptical variance based on the amount of energy i can pull out on a given day .
i just weighed myself for the first time yesterday so i 'm not sure about my total losses .
my question is am i hitting starvation mode or am i being to aggressive ?
i can handle the wicked hunger without issue but i 'm concerned whether i 'm losing anything or not .
last saturday i was in a minor fender bender which resulted in my car being inoperable .
i had it towed back to my apartment complex .
the next day i had to go out of town for business .
i realize i should have called my apartment complex before i left just to be sure they had a heads up .
i figured since it was my parking spot it did n't matter if my car was operable or not it 's my spot so i did n't call .
i returned from out of town on friday and did n't realize my car was towed until today sunday .
i called the apartment office and was told my car was towed dued to being inoperable for a significant period of time .
i feel like this is a bit extreme less than a week and towed without warning or notification ?
the apartment manager and towing company are unavailable until tomorrow morning .
my car is now inoperable at an impound lot which means i 'll not only have to pay the towing/storage cost but the cost to tow it somewhere else .
i know it 's last minute but if you do n't have anything to do come see the cold stares !
our school had us take a practice comprehensive basic science nbme at the beginning of the month and i took form 19 .
i scored a 190 which is correlated to a 163 on step 1 according to their chart .
i know the exam is still 6 months away and i still have n't covered all the material needed on the exam but i 've done zero review of things from ms1 and apparently very little of it stuck .
the good part is that its 6 months away .
and i need to get my ass in shape .
besides studying and doing well in class does anyone have any tips on how to balance out reviewing and doing practice questions alongside classwork ?
i am working on an android app which needs to work in both online and offline scenarios .
can you please suggest the libraries asyncstorage redux-offline redux-persistent to sync the offline data to the server ?
i want to paint up the new mortarion model with the pre heresy death guard colors but i also wanted to weather it up alot to show age .
anyone have any tips and or suggestions on paint to use .
i 'm not really sure how to get that nice off white deathguard color .
today javorius buck '' allen ran 21 times for 73 yards at a 3.5 average .
he had 4 receptions on 5 targets for 12 more yards adding ppr goodness .
he was given goal-line looks and converted one for a td .
alex collins split work and had 12 attempts for 55 yards 4.6 average .
the opportunity was driven by terrance west being lost to a leg injury but the ravens seem to put a lot of trust in buck and continue to give him work .
it was a good day to start him when his stock was seemingly plummeting .
is he again a ppr rb2 perhaps even ready to be crowned the ravens lead back as the stats today suggest ?
or is this a flash in the pan a temporary rise in his value that should have us selling high ?
ahoy is there any way to get my hands on this sweet glyph ?
anyone notice we have n't gotten facebook events in awhile ?
after we failed the summer girls event i feel like they just stopped .
also i noticed that they did n't advertise the fisher tiger banner and now the new sugo banner on facebook .
i am a writer teacher concerned citizen and activist .
i have marched in anti-war marches against the iraq and afghanistan wars worked briefly at bread for the world and longer at the american red cross i have held up signs with peta compassion for animals and mercy for animals at numerous protests against animal cruelty at labs circuses and elsewhere i have created and signed petitions and made public comment on issues concerning animals the environment people children i have run community cable tv shows on environmental and animal protections issues volunteered for years at homeless shelters in washington dc and arlington virginia and read news for years for the blind .
i believe in speaking out against cruelty and injustice and i have always acted on this belief .
i have taught english composition and creative writing at various universities including for several years at the george washington university .
in 2011 after a family move from dc to boston i started a creative arts and writing workshop center for children at my home www.artcreatewrite.com and taught art locally at a preschool and at an arts center .
during this time i was also working on a novel and other projects volunteered at my daughter 's school ran a literary quarterly online www.delphiquarterly.com and was active as a citizen signing petitions online .
in the fall of 2013 i wrote to my senators ed markey and elizabeth warren as well as the state representative for my county tackey chan copying my emails to the boston globe and the quincy patriot ledger regarding tree damage i was witnessing everywhere in my neighborhood and asking about the chem trails or aerosols/geo-engineering which i saw was going on directly overhead .
at this time i also spoke out at my daughter 's school adams montessori school in quincy massachusetts to a school board member treasurer sinead walsh expressing my opposition to charging extra childcare fees for babysitting at a school parent-teacher conference .
i mention this because subsequent behavior–guilty looks and evasiveness–from the school board president alexander steffan indicated to me that he was possibly the person involved–in a vindictive act of retaliation and petty malice–in giving my name or selling my name as a paid nsa/dhs/fbi informant to the corrupt cartel of intel agencies military and law enforcement–jtrig–that i believe today is currently engaged in covertly targeting assaulting harassing surveilling and terminally experimenting on thousands of innocent americans–as well as people worldwide .
in my current assessment i think this is part of the globalists ' bid for their orwellian new world order it seems to have its roots right here though in the dhs/cia/military .
i was hit with radiation pulses from covert weaponry within two weeks .
since november 2013 i have been and continue to be the subject of continuous 24/7 covert assault with directed-energy so-called non-lethal microwave/scalar/sonic weapons more on this below both from ground vehicles speeding into our neighborhood and parking to hit from neighbors ' houses and from low-flying planes and helicopters which come in frequently into our neighborhood to circle hover and direct radar hits covert implantation with rfid tracking chips vile character assassination in my neighborhood and local communities major job and small business sabotage overt surveillance harassment and hostility from my clearly-co-opted neighborhood continuous cointelpro stalking and harassment actions everywhere i go break-ins to my home the planting of bugs in my home notifications to every public place i visit whether a gym library school or restaurant as well as tracking and concealed electronic/consensual monitoring from neighbors community members and notified premises just about everywhere i go .
i have also experienced being radio-frequency-hit at airports and on airplanes and on amtrak and local subways–both on domestic flights–to chicago/new york and on transatlantic flights to india .
less than two weeks after i wrote the letters to representatives–before all replies arrived–extremely strange things began to happen on our street in our house around our house and to my person
a disproportionate number of strange cars vans suvs trucks utility vehicles began to roar into our normally quiet street and park around and near our house during the daytime and the night .
this was followed by cars being parked directly outside my house and strangers in cars watching as i left and entered the house and following me as i drove out .
i began to be stalked and followed by groups of cars everywhere i went including to my child 's school and my two teaching workplaces .
a supplement i had ordered by mail arrived at this time–somewhat tampered with the box opened and the packaging rewrapped .
regardless not suspecting anything i took the supplement and ended up with a horrific immediate rash and a sensation of being attacked internally by a crawling parasite as well as oddly extreme sensitivity to heat and to electromagnetic fields–from the computer wifi etc .
healing lavender oils and aloe vera gel and detoxes finally ended the scourge in about 4-5 days and a chance usage of a vacuum cleaner–with its oscillating emfs–led to a completely bizarre phenomenon–microscopic silvery silica-like particles literally flying out of my skin .
i have not fully researched this but what i have suggests that these are piezoelectric microchips designed to increase electromagnetic sensitivity and accentuate the wearer 's receptivity and transmissivity as a radio transceiver .
shortly thereafter my whole family and i sound sleepers all were jointly woken up in the middle of the night by what we can only describe as waves of thermal pulsed energy coming in through the window and invading our body in waves from the outside–not as an internal bodily phenomenon but as an externally-applied phenomenon .
after thanksgiving the harassment by cars on our street appeared to increase .
cars emitting particularly noxious exhaust began to pass by our house and crowd in front of our car on roadways .
a small plane began to fly frequently at low altitudes directly over my house and yard often several times a day this in seeming conjunction with signals from the cars parked on our street .
i came to notice this plane seemed to mark my departures and arrivals back to the house i also noticed this plane hovering outside a building every time i went somewhere once i had arrived .
one morning early i was woken again by waves of energy and what absolutely felt like a remote neural probe of my skull lobe by lobe–i could distinctly feel each lobe in my brain with this probe–since i was just barely awake i was literally unable to move at this time .
ever since that moment i have physically felt continuously tracked followed and irradiated by electromagnetic pulses .
during the first week of december on a walk to a local park in the daytime when the park covered with snow from a recent storm was almost empty a young woman accompanied by a german shepherd shot something at me from a distance–i did not realize what was happening until i heard an odd whistling sound by my ear and looked across at her–she was aiming something at me that she was attempting to conceal with her jacket .
initially i thought she had missed but later found a small laceration near my left ear just possibly indicative of a radio-frequency tracking chip embedded subcutaneously .
in retrospect i realize now what she sharp-shot at me was a cochlear implant an rfid that is lodged just below my left ear because since then i can feel the pull on it as it responds to radio signals generated by tracking devices–carried by c/overt operatives in grocery stores clothes stores the mailman ups drivers planes–both inside and outside the home .
additionally this past summer third week of august 2015 on a public beach in cape cod where we were surrounded by ostensible beach-goers a second rfid chip was sharp-shot into my upper left arm .
the laceration on my skin was noticed and remarked on by both families we were vacationing with .
i later began to feel the same radio pulling sensations and pain signals as with the cochlear implant .
however i have also realized there are other implants and bio-mems on my body in various places as mapped online by others experiencing similar assaults–they tend to heat up respond to external radio signals and generate their own signals especially internal and external heat signals producing topical temperature rises which can be externally measured .
i can only surmise i was implanted on my one hospital stay in virginia hospital center arlington in 2006 when i had to hit an emergency room following a sudden inexplicable pain in my right kidney area which i literally felt was coming in through the window .
knowing what i know now i think i was hit by a covert operative in the neighborhood wielding a dew .
in any case i was on pain meds and antibiotics in the hospital for 2 nights and had recurring health issues after that including recurrent miscarriages–which was odd since as an active athletic vegan on a wonderful organic diet i was extremely healthy otherwise .
again in retrospect i think those miscarriages were externally engineered–this was part of a covert assault that began in 2006 i was just not aware at the time .
i do recall also experiencing some stalking at that time .
today i am literally tracked room to room in my house .
while i am in my home odd tracking sounds–like hits on the side of the house or hits on our heating system–can be heard from above as if some kind of satellite/antenna ? drone ?
tracking device is operating from the roof or above it as i move from room to room .
tracked from outside/above strange cars congregate on our street and as i move from room to room these cars too move at noticeable audible speed around the block or up the street or down the street or right in front of our house .
in addition these cars appear to communicate by making particular honking sounds .
they also appear to communicate with a small plane which zooms over our house and yard immediately and puts a loud tracking sound against the nearest house wall in relation to my location .
irradiation–when i sit down lie down or am otherwise stationary i am flooded with waves pulses and buzzes of radiation .
these are physically measurable–i have recorded these pulses and oscillations with an rf meter .
they cause immediate headaches heat and pain in various body regions extreme heat disorientation nausea confusion rashes head smog and.hair falling out .
offense qb 1wr interior oline and a staley replacement down the line .
defense edge rusher corners and a bowman replacement down the line .
i think most would agree our qb situation is the most pressing but how would arrange the remaining problem areas in order of how drastically they need to be replaced .
i have seen an increase in testosterone muscle mass and overall health .
i have hit a plateau however and have received numerous tips to quit dieting from peers and others as its been too long .
i feel like i have not adequately tracked macros and calories enough to ensure a deficit .
i also believe my recent uptick in protein consumption has led to a large increase in muscle mass in conjunction with my rise in testosterone near 150ng/dl natural .
im finding it very hard to consume a caloric deficit anymore but i think that is due to outside factors .
would it be advisable to consider throwing in the towel and eating at maintenance while lifting and doing cardio in an effort to build muscle to raise my effective bmr to make maintaining a caloric deficit easier ?
i 've tried getting in the gym however none of the workout routines ive found caught me enough .
im interested in a upper lower split with one or no rest days based on the fact that you recover within 36-48 hrs .
id prefer a longer in gym routine as i enjoy bein in for a longer commitment .
i sometimes like to head straight to the course or range right after work but it 's always spontaneous .
i like to leave my clubs in the trunk of my car because of this .
just wondering if it 's bad for the clubs at all .
the main thing i was thinking was potentially temperature affecting my driver and other woods .
i park my car outside and i live in the pacific northwest if that changes anything
andre ellington has been putting up respectable numbers in 1 ppr leagues with 12 18 and 15 the last 3 weeks .
with david johnson out until at least the november 9th game against seattle .
do you see this type of production continuing until at least november 9th and would you consider him a solid flex play ?
i am going to florida for a vacation and thinking about whether it is worth taking a drone ?
with what difficulties can i encounter in florida when i flight a drone ?
and if i decide to take it what would you recommend to shoot at miami ?
need some support or to get something off your chest ?
want to talk about that grilled cheese you ate at lunch ?
i understand there is an element of courtesy when it comes to tv tropes and spoilers and it is ignorant to post stuff that viewers may not have seen yet .
having said that i think the tvt page for tiu goes overboard in its spoiler tags .
hiding information that is literally revealed in the first episode william is dying kevin/kate/randall are related jack and rebecca are their parents is a bit much .
i do n't mind spoiler tags for information revealed after the first episode but why would you even visit a work 's page before you even watched the pilot ?
and if you do are n't you kind of asking to be spoiled ?
it just irks me because more than half the page is covered in spoiler tags and most of the stuff it is hiding are things that every viewer knows already .
things were going fine and the open wound was healing nicely but now it seems like there are some strings possibly the stitches coming out of the wound .
how i can see only posts/threads from subreddits that i subscribed
would extra terrestrials be affected by the hakurei barrier ?
aliens from space do n't really have our versions on common sense .
so would that mean that they can traverse between gensokyo and our world without any trouble ?
it 's a merlin story but i recall a plot device involving an artifact of sorts that allowed several modern day characters to interact or at least witness events taking place in the past in an arthurian setting .
there are several i would say major plot developments that occur that i remember quite vividly i 'm hoping others that have read the book will remember it .
please keep in mind i may be totally wrong about the 'modern day ' setting entirely but i certainly remember some sort of time travel being involved .
1 the antagonist is a bit war-mongering seeking more power and land and begins consulting a witch .
the said witch promises to grant him more power i assume magic ?
i can not remember but only if he were to sleep with her .
she 's described to be quite hideous among other things but the antagonist does the deed .
few lines following how the act made him so ill as to be bedridden pale of complexion vomiting fever etc ...
2 this part makes me suspect the time-travel plot .
i recall that the prior antagonist sends a raiding party to ransack a village that happens to be where merlin is located .
in the first timeline a young boy scouting the forest or the edge of the village sees the war party approaching and quickly runs to the tower where merlin or some other equally important character is located .
the young boy is killed by an arrow fired by a specific bandit of the antagonist 's party before he even makes it to the tower steps .
everything described up til now i believe occurs during or after the antagonist 's meeting with the witch .
however by way of time travel there 's a bit of meddling with the timeline of events .
one alteration is that while the antagonist 's party is meeting with the witch a scout whose aware of the overall going-ons of magic and time taking place manages to sneak close to their meeting and steal one arrow from the quiver of the bandit mentioned earlier .
when the warring party reaches the village in this altered timeline the young boy reaches the tower steps unharmed because the bandit discovers he 's one arrow short .
this lends enough time for the tower 's occupant to send for help via carrier pigeon .
3 i want to say that the modern day setting in the book takes place in a major city .
i would say an american city but that would n't make sense unless the link to the past was n't dependent on location .
4 i remember the cover of the book having a lot of blue hues .
perhaps overlooking a lake or ocean shore from the direction of the waters in a nighttime setting .
however there 's one prominent feature in the middle of all this and i presume it 's the tower described earlier sitting atop what i assume to be a peninsula jutting out from the mainland .
it was n't some masterpiece of writing but i remember enjoying it and being bummed out that i could n't finish it in time .
i remember writing it down the title and author 's name but never gave it another thought until almost 10 or so years later .
it 's been close to 16 years since i read the book .
i get the impression it was published in the mid-to-late 90s .
i have n't been able to find it since much less remember its title or author !
i remember a moderate page count around 300 or so give or take .
i believe it was in 2000-2001 when i read it and i do n't recall getting the impression that it was relatively new or old .
having looked up previously submitted posts i 'm fairly certain it 's not part of the time thriller trilogy .
i do n't remember the mention of sequels or any such thing .
i 'm assuming it 's a self-contained novel at least at the time .
edit nevermind apparently you can go into properties and select an older version under the beta '' tab .
if i maxed my tira at 5500 and max my solo 401k contribution at 18,000 and another 18000 in profit sharing is my agi 21,781 and i will i owe 10,411 in federal taxes ?
so the question is can you jetstream an aerial flist in at 4 energy ?
it has a starting energy of 3 so it can certainly qualify for jetstream but can you then dreamwarp it up to 4 as it is being played ?
i know this is a question that 's been asked to death here but i feel the need to ask .
i recently got the ultimate guard sleeves and maybe i 'm just not used to them or i 'm doing something wrong but they felt a little flimsy after playing with them for one game .
i 'm not particularly worried about budget currently so the more expensive ones are not an issue
i 'm trying to checkout using paypal and when i click on the paypal checkout '' button i get a red warning bar
... fidget spinners anyone interested in a.i and robotics ?
fascinated by the universe ? need a cool friend that is into dope stuff ?
i 'm 18 i live in the united states let 's get to know each other !
feeling a little lonely lately so hit me up if interested .
as a longtime epsilon/panthera/nrg fan this year the boys have disappointed me and themselves i think .
the reason for their shaky performance i believe lies in the picks and bans .
it 's not necessarily that their compositions are bad although they sometimes are it 's that nrg fail to alter their playstyle to match their p bs a necessity in s4 .
they always fundamentally play the same their draft notwithstanding .
it is the events of any particular match that inform how nrg play and they still play exceptionally well as opportunists see nrg v dig game 2 but they seem categorically unable to change their overarching strategy in accordance with their draft .
obviously the players have different builds for different gods and do different things regarding the picks but these are usually singular actions from player to player rather than a team-wide strategic mindset .
this contrast was most apparent in their set vs obey who i consider the strategic masterminds of smite .
obey consistently drastically alter their playstyle itemization start and level of aggression in accordance with their overall draft .
obey is one team with one draft and a concrete strategy whereas nrg is five players with different picks each altering their playstyle but failing to come together and use their draft singularly .
it 's not like they fail entirely to strategize around their drafts it 's that the other teams have grown so much better at it over the last year and a half and nrg has if anything regressed on that front .
if they can figure out where this disconnect is and hammer it out i think they stand an excellent chance at the gauntlet and maybe even a shot at super regionals .
they 've looked shaky on a number of other fronts including but not limited to target selection target focusing invade timing/defense sloppy ganks/picks etc etc but i put these down to frustration and a simple dislike of s4 .
hopefully the prospect of not making worlds will put some fire in their bellies .
i 'd love to see nrg come back and take worlds a third time and i have faith they are capable of it .
these guys will always be mechanical titans with fantastic synergy so you can never count them out .
nrg fail to form a concrete and overarching strategy around their draft whereas the other top teams have become masters at doing so .
so i was chasing some robber knights near highgarden and using my spies to slow them down .
after the battle was won i forgot to talk to them to get them back to my party .
i only realised my mistake at the frostfangs camp smashing wildling armies .
no worries quick look at highgarden and yup there they are .
the problem is when i reached they were nowhere to be found .
does anyone know if there 's anyway to find them again short of combing the entire map ?
where in the f are the bps now stored ?
http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134336340 ggjkee bot level-up 24:1 bot add the bot to trade .
сommands bot buy ! help help how bot works ! buy amount of keys buy sets you have n't crafted for a specific amount of keys .
for example ! buy 10 ! buy 24 and etc .
! buyany amount of keys buy random sets for a specific amount of keys .
for example ! buyany 10 ! buyany 24 and etc .
! level level you want to reach how many sets and keys you need for the level you want to reach this is calculated from your current level .
! check how many sets you can buy in total sell ! sellcheck to check how many sets you can sell me ! sell amount_of_keys to sell sets for amount_of_keys keys example ' ! sell 5 '
i 'm about to make a pg defender and im weighting out my options
i feel like an idiot for asking for this but i have n't seen anyone ask this question .
i do n't understand the significance of the final page with all the 'a 's covering it and the weird punctuation .
edit i have just read enfermedad 's post which sort of helped me understand it better but i still find the overall layout of it weird .
i am new to django python and do n't have much experience with oop and mvc .
how to make a method in a view class and use it in a template ?
i am only using get and post functions in my current view classes .
but how can i call view classes in my templates if i am going to make them ?
after 5 years having a custom watercooling on my cpu and my gpu im wondering if it´s still necessary having the gpus watercooled since you can´t overclock them as much as cpus .
having my i7 4770k under water at 4.4 ghz is pretty much the best thing i have ever done .
it was totally worth it and essential to get 4.4 ghz .
having my ecga gtx 780 acx sc under water at 1241 mhz with 40-50 °c max .
is also awesome but i dont know if thats necessary for future gpus like the gtx 1080ti for example .
on one side i already have the components and only '' have to to buy a gpu waterblock on the other side i have to invest more money and can´t use the gpu cooler if i update my gpu .
i also have to refill my cooling system everytime i change the gpu .
i added the second gpu 10 months ago cause i got it for 120€ waterblock included .
buying a gtx 1080 back then wasn´t worth the cost .
i 'm trying to get some help in getting some moves tutored on my mantine as well as getting an absol breedable .
in exchange i can offer some on-hand breedables i have in my spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l69vnikaaxccb3x6hgfzmwkumjjmqjtqucybjqwnsve/edit gid=1563165188 .
i can trade my end in either gen 6 or 7 .
i 'm thinking about getting cleaners in to help with my room/house .
i have depression/anxiety and often find it overwhelming when i think about cleaning .
then the mess piles up and it drives me crazy but i physically do n't have the energy to do anything about it .
it 's a bit of a state right now and i 'm embarrassed .
idk is it acceptable to get people in to help ?
i 'm just feeling a bit stressed and i guess my anxiety is blowing it out of proportion .
this past week the world lost a very funny comedian and friend of the show in comic ralphie may .
in honor of our late friend we harken back to his last appearance on the adam carolla show from march of 2015 live from the irvine improv .
does anyone know how many does the advisors ask for ics/pizza ?
i was wondering if the bonus and the crowdsale is strictly open for those who are willing to buy enjins with 1eth or more ?
but instead of being shocked you cheer everytime someone dies .
seemed like i was looking for any reason/excuse to drink .
every time i thought about drinking i ran it through in my head and realized it would n't be worth it .
i do feel like i was moody and probably not very much fun to be around .
ended up going to bed really early each night .
hope things level out some and this week is better .
i know it 's some kind of russian secret agent but what is it ?
i do n't know how i missed that lol !
i started the show last year but i 'm watching the third season on netflix now .
pretty cool that johnny is david and twyla 's dad in real life .
we were on the phone and you were telling me about a game you were playing and how much it was affecting you .
it sounded like you were having some kind of crisis .
i tried to be comforting but you were n't responding .
you were going on about details in the game i actually knew about since dream me played it for a few hours previously apparently .
you kept saying you needed to talk to carlos .
i checked the setting on my phone i was on mute .
i unmuted myself and continued trying to be reassuring but it was too late .
you were still not responding but this time i knew you could hear me .
i thought i was responding relevently but i do n't think you cared .
you kept saying carlos would know what to say .
i was so happy when you called because we have n't spoken in a while but the tone of your voice was so cold that by the end i felt defeated .
i was wondering if anyone might be able to provide any recommendations on a good backup solution .
i currently have a synology ds 211j with two 1tb drives in it .
it has primarily been used as a backup system running in raid 1 and it is now slowly running out of space .
i also host all my media on one computer which has a 1tb drive and i would like to instead move the media to the nas .
so i am looking for an upgrade that i can expand to for backups and something i can host all my media on as well .
i am also interested in some form of cloud sync to backup all my non-media related backups mostly done with time machine as all computers are macs .
for the media portion i am not certain how important transcoding would be for myself .
i only watch the media in my house not remotely and i transcode all the media myself prior to letting plex index into a h264/aac 1080 format which all my devices for remote streaming support .
4 bays either with four 2tb disks to start or two 4 tb disks .
so i have been a bit torn on the options .
qnap 451a qnap 451 qnap 453a these seem very similar for my needs
based on the above i have a few questions .
has anyone had issues with qnap recently in particular any of the models listed .
i did some search on this form and i most often encountered people saying avoid qnap due to various issues .
in the above list i had a variety of different prices .
based on my requirements would there be much in the way of justification in going for one of the more high-end units .
i could not see that i would get much use but wanted to see if others had thoughts .
any other units i might want to consider note i am trying to get something off the shelf that will be low maintenance instead of setting up my own system ?
the ds211j has now last me close to 8 years .
i am hoping my next system can last just as long .
i consider myself a lyricist and the people that generally produce for me are being flaky .
so i 'm trying to learn some of this shit for myself .
i use the logic pro x program and i was wondering if you all could give me some basic advice for using reverb or point me somewhere that 's helpful .
i just published on google play store a new 3d game ispired to the classic breakout/arkanoid game i 've worked on this game for over a year and would like to know what you think about it the game extends the concept of brick breaker games to a virtual shi-fi enviroment with many kind of enemies and bonus upgrades you can see also your score hit in a global ranking karmanoid run for smartphone and tablet hi-end .
please send me some feedback every comment is really appreciated !
i always loved cars but never went deeper than that now my favorite brand is audi of course so i know there 's a1 a2 a3 a4 then s3 s4 rs3 r8 etc..
basically i want to learn the differences between the models each pros and cons and like if there is something to know '' about a certain model i wan na learn it do you guys have any links or useful info ?
i 'm thinking about going to oktoberfest this year .
i 'm a little concerned however that this ticket only covers the first beer .
i 'm used to beer fests where the ticket price covers all the samples .
i really do n't want to go if i have to pay for a ticket and then pay 12 or whatever for each beer .
i 've spent lot 's of money time advertising and convincing people to give robinhood their ssn other info ...
it 's not easy but i managed to get quite a few people .
everything was going fine until robinhood randomly stopped allowing me to claim my stock .
i thought no big deal i 'll contact support and ask why i 've got tons of emails notices in app that are n't letting me claim .
here 's where it goes wrong the support starts asking my username and all other info .
after a few conversations back and forth they try to pull the unfortunately we do not see those referrals on our end . ''
however i told them if that is the case and i have n't referred people explain to me why on my email app i 'm getting spammed with notices .
long story short they emailed back after a few days saying they now wanted me to supply usernames full names with their date of birth account numbers or email addresses '' of the people to look them up ...
nowhere does it say when you invite people to personally collect their own private information ? !
i 've been asking many strangers at my college online friends to join and i promise you 9/10 refused to even join so it was hard enough to get people to give an app the information let alone someone approaching them in person ... .
here is my proof of 10 referrals they are n't allowing me to claim .
tl-dr do n't expect robinhood to actually give away up to 500 in free stock it might work for 1-2 people but when you start actually getting a bunch they will just stop paying out unless you are able to convince people in person to give you their information which is very unreasonable seeing as most people barely even trust giving it to a random company they are joining ... ..
i 'm 27 and i currently live in texas but i do n't mind a relationship being long-distance to start off with .
personality should come first and our chemistry matters more than anything so getting to know one another before actually meeting is not an issue for me .
i guess the biggest defining attribute of me that i can give is that i love k-pop .
it would be incredible to find somebody with that similar interest though it 's definitely not necessary .
as my title mentioned i 'd consider myself a femboy a trap a crossdresser whatever name you might have .
i 've been mistaken for a girl on multiple occasions but if you want pictures you 'll have to wait .
i 'll definitely be open to sending them after we get to know one another .
i am naturally submissive and would like to find a partner that is either naturally dominant or that is willing to try a female-led-relationship .
i 'm attracted to intelligence so if you message with good grammar and sentence structure i 'll definitely be more interested .
i 'm somebody that likes to be indoors a lot so a partner that does not mind me being such would be nice .
while i am looking for a flr i 'm also looking for a person that realizes that does not need to infect every facet of our life and knows how to keep personal things between us .
anyway i hope to hear from whoever is interested soon !
it 's a sony pvm-2530 from 1986 never has been taken out of its box .
i 'm not sure yet the conditions it 's been stored in but is it likely it will calibration ?
other than being a little creepy it slows the whole app down ... a lot !
especially when it tries to paste from universal clipboard in other words what i copied recently from my mac .
check out persona 5 part 2 hope you enjoy it ! !
this is the best tl dr i could make original http articles.latimes.com/1988-11-20/news/mn-590_1_joe-hill-s-ashes reduced by 75 .
washington a vial containing ashes of joe hill the legendary union organizer and martyr shot by a utah firing squad 73 years ago after a questionable murder conviction were released to his union friday by the government .
national archives officials handed over a white porcelain cylinder-containing a small quantity of hill 039 s ashes-to frederic lee chairman of the general executive board of the industrial workers of the world-the iww more commonly known as the quot wobblies . ''
a spokeswoman said quot in 1988 the iww requested that joe hill 039 s ashes be returned to the union .
the national archives agreed to this unusual request on the condition that all the related record material including the envelope which contained the ashes be retained . ''
hill asked to be cremated and specified that his ashes be scattered in every state except utah .
hill had worked on the railroads and waterfronts and began roaming from town to town in 1910 as an agitator and organizer for the wobblies who dreamed of creating one big union .
hill became a powerful organizing symbol during the next 25 years of mushrooming industrial unionization in america .
summary source http smmry.com/http articles.latimes.com/1988-11-20/news/mn-590_1_joe-hill-s-ashes faq http autotldr.io 227658 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords hill 1 ashes 2 union 3 iww 4 chicago 5
post found in r/todayilearned http np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/758shv/til_that_executed_labor_leader_and_song_writer and r/100yearsago http np.reddit.com/r/100yearsago/comments/758r5j/oct_8_1917_feds_seize_envelope_of_executed_labor .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
so i hate coffee but lets admit it coffein helps you get through the day .
im currently drinking irish cream from teekanne but it would be nice to switch it up .
also how much milk should i put into my tea ?
disappointed this is n't what i thought it would be..
i was hoping we 'd be able to combine our squad cards from all the players .
i got a m4a1 hyper beast fn with 0.0021 float pretty rare really clean
if the person who has the rainmaker says this way '' can you follow them instead of going off and getting killed ?
hey guys i 'm working on how to perfect my workflow in school .
i didnt quite like the style of renderings in revit so i 'm trying out 3ds max and was wondering when i import my model should i import my whole building and make scenes in 3ds max or should i set a perspective in revit and import that perspective ?
still trying to learn how to do all this but cant find any good tutorials .
also i was able to download some models on evermotion and such do i exref the model into my scene ?
or is there a better way to import a model ?
i did about 4 sessions of laser over the last two years and it got rid of almost my whole beard .
i 've never had too much of it anyway .
nowadays i still have some hair growing there in my face but it 's not worthy of laser so i started considering electrolysis because i need to let a full week for it to grow and be visible .
what can i expect regarding time sessions pain price pre and post care ?
another doubt is there more than one type of electrolysis just like laser has many types or does electrolysis have only one type ?
today is the day when the amazon us reps have repeatedly stated the snes mini will begin shipping .
anyone actually have any faith this will be done today ?
why was a new york trust fund kid draft dodger popular in rural america in the first place ?
i played on the tts with the new blitz and he 's scary good .
first round i played with him i got 3 kills on bank .
being able to sprint with the shield up is absolutely terrifying to the other team .
i think that you answered your own question already .
the reason we 're pursuing this is to get her the help she needs she does n't think she needs any .
because this reads like she is going to put up a fight .
i do n't know why you think that she should be declared incompetent but the courts do n't take such requests lightly and thus you probably should get a lawyer .
i hope the online requirement is only for the demo so people ca n't play it once the demo 's finished .
it 'd be a real bummer if the full game is like this .
i do n't think the south wants to claim maryland anymore than maryland would want to be
prove that replicants can have a soul and procreate and eventually fully replace humans .
definitely this part is a big deal in the movie .
this is why joshi wants the bones and the rest of the evidence of replicant birth to disappear .
she said something like if this gets out it breaks the world '' .
if replicants can reproduce how can you justify making them and using them as slaves ?
i think niander sees himself as either human or better than human .
he wants the secret to reproduction in order to elevate replicants to the same or superior status as humans .
if it 's well put together and theres ' enough evidence for it and there is n't much evidence against it then a fan theory is fine .
they make no sense have little evidence are proven wrong very quickly .
1 you can let other people test your levels because you know everything about youre level .
you know where you have to go how to beat the level and where everything is .
not only can they say what 's bad and good but they can also say what you can change and even find cheese a not intended way to beat or skip the level !
2 do n't make a pit and put hidden blocks above it .
try to not use the hidden blocks because they are mostly pretty annoying .
3 if you have an autoscrolling level put a checkpoint at the end of the part because if they die they have to do the whole section again .
4 you do n't have to make the whole damn level extremely hard .
try to make some hard parts but also some easier parts where you can relax a little bit .
you can also place some reward rooms or give the player a powerup .
5 i know most of this in this list is n't making you 're levels fair but most of people wo n't play or give a star if you just make a somewhat hard level .
so i will give you more things you can do to make your levels better .
6 try to make something what the player has never seen before !
maybe a bowser jr. bossfight in an arena where the ground is moving up and down or make a flying boat where mario has to survive or a do n't run level !
if you did n't try to design youre level good .
8 do n't make huge enemy towers with 3 bowsers on it just a example .
you can make enemy towers but try to not make them on bowser .
9 if you make a bossfight try to give the player powerups so they do n't have to die every time .
but do n't give them too many powerups as this will make youre level too easy .
you could just make a pipe which spits mushrooms out of it .
the mushroom then has to go on a magical journey on conveyor belts .
10 make preview doors coin trails and show the players with arrows where to go .
it would be so annoying if you let someone make a blind jump into death .
12 do n't make the levels too long because it would get annoying if you have to play such a long level .
then the long levels would n't be so annoying .
well any talk is difficult with a deaf person einstein .
cool i tried to make nes styled music but it sucked ass lmao
frankly gary illyes ' flippant responses to the fred algorithm https searchengineland.com/the-trouble-with-fred-283343 was all i needed to hear .
according to him the yankees security is straight up fortress-like .
usually he posts up in a spot for a few innings .
both the 7700k and 8700k can stream and play but if you want the 8700k just wait .
best case scenario is that they manage to win but it would come at the cost of a risk of instead getting pushed back and the city would probably be very damaged .
i would say that it is too risky when they have such strong opponents and a very large isis pocket in the back but on the other hand it could be transformed into the main town in some autonomous rebel region after the peace have been negotiated
my first 5 star i pulled ace during his event .
then a couple weeks after the event i pulled ace again .
would be a couple months before my first alternate .
i was very annoyed for a long time but now that first ace has seen so much use for the imperil/damage/mana that i really ca n't complain .
now i just want 1 more for a better poker hand
funny how you 're open to some conspiracies but not others .
its a good grappling burst class that takes good matchup knowledge to win fights against competent opponents .
wiz/witch/dk players are just salty because someone can finally knock them down a peg .
striker never needed any of the damage buffs it got it needs qol improvements because there are weird gaps in its defenses that make no sense .
people could exploit them if they studied the match-up at all but qqing and shouting striker op '' is easier .
randi 's possible lies about his own life have zero to do with the content of the article which is about his challenge to others .
and i think it is fairly pertinant considering that the article i mentioned specifically recounts one case of randi lying about his evaluation of a parapsychological claim .
if he lied about that it is hardly far-fetched to assume that he had no scruples lying about his evaluation of other experiments in that area as well .
the order of maps goes co dh er deso vabbi .
you get to kormir through the tomb in dh then look for the lost city in er so yes 100 incorrect
they have been quite for a long time now .
got ta love abberation another money grabbing dlc with a million more bugs to come and yet they cant add more servers .
ca n't know for sure guess we 'll see how it goes in brooklyn .
if he plays well there the fault will be entirely on us .
i agree that in a moderate/high carb diet carbs are more readily available energy .
however i disagree with your assertion that carbs provide better performance in general .
in individuals that are adjusted metabolically to a low carb diet some may call this fat adapt '' their body fat is freely utilized for energy consumed or stored .
if you 're interested in reading about it there are some links in this thread including a piece on the la lakers going low carb .
many successful ultra-endurance athletes have switched from a high-carbohydrate to a low-carbohydrate diet but they have not previously been studied to determine the extent of metabolic adaptations .
twenty elite ultra-marathoners and ironman distance triathletes performed a maximal graded exercise test and a 180 min submaximal run at 64 vo2max on a treadmill to determine metabolic responses .
one group habitually consumed a traditional high-carbohydrate hc n 10 carbohydrate protein fat 59:14:25 diet and the other a low-carbohydrate lc n 10 10:19:70 diet for an average of 20 months range 9 to 36 months .
peak fat oxidation was 2.3-fold higher in the lc group 1.54 ± 0.18 vs 0.67 ± 0.14 g/min p 0.000 and it occurred at a higher percentage of vo2max 70.3 ± 6.3 vs 54.9 ± 7.8 p 0.000 .
mean fat oxidation during submaximal exercise was 59 higher in the lc group 1.21 ± 0.02 vs 0.76 ± 0.11 g/min p 0.000 corresponding to a greater relative contribution of fat 88 ± 2 vs 56 ± 8 p 0.000 .
despite these marked differences in fuel use between lc and hc athletes there were no significant differences in resting muscle glycogen and the level of depletion after 180 min of running − 64 from pre-exercise and 120 min of recovery − 36 from pre-exercise .
compared to highly trained ultra-endurance athletes consuming an hc diet long-term keto-adaptation results in extraordinarily high rates of fat oxidation whereas muscle glycogen utilization and repletion patterns during and after a 3 hour run are similar .
if they thought of it at all i expect it was an intentional ground rule '' element like in baseball parks .
just a little something to give the stadium a unique element and create that cool cathedral-like effect with the sunbeams shining down .
the look of pure terror is n't because the snacks are gone it 's because all the snacks val ate give him gas .
i was just coming to this sub to vent the same frustrations as op for polymorph abilities and of the thread about items cluttering the skill bar .
it 's gotten to the point where i 'm thinking of respec'ing to get rid of polymorph even though i love it and have just enough memory to fill my skill bar with skills i like and nothing else .
as much as i love the first one the pc version has got quite an annoying dead zone no pun intended when playing with a controller not matter the settings .
and i tried it with durazno 's input thingy as well .
all in all it 's playable but feels janky either way .
as for part 3 they omitted real time shadows from the flashlights despite being in both predecessors .
it seems reddit has actually reversed the fatification process instead of the other way around .
start by boiling water and gently scraping up the residue .
if that does n't work boil some vinegar if that does n't work start with the elbow grease and a mild abrasive .
i 'm curious to know how you got to that state in the first place .
was there some sort of underlying medical issue like a thyroid problem or something or was it mainly from poor eating habits and lots of soda throughout your childhood ?
i have n't i live in the midwest so hopefully next time i visit ca i can go see it !
rather have awful humor in nz than being literally killed by police in america as a standard of course .
i personally do n't like end-zone dances and this guy is jeopardy 's cocky wide receiver .
i can re-download them if i log into my old psn though ?
so delete user make new user use same psn id re-download everything ?
i understand its the new office 2.0 '' feel but my god why do people feel the need to come talk to me when i am clearly working and trying to concentrate ? !
people just come by my desk even if i have earphones on and start chatting .
and i do not mean business-chat people tell me about their weekends about their kids about their dog who loves to crawl into bed and wake them up at 5 am ...
office culture is intended to be improved by this new design but i find it is counterintuitive and makes me less productive .
it looked like the only research he did was realizing piss is yellow .
the majority of the video seemed to be talking about pee rather than communicating actual information .
did you happen to have it pointed at yourself ?
sure it escalated into a shit storm now but i still feel like the main reason here is that turkey felt as if they 're not getting the respect they deserve .
as well as them arresting us consular employees even if a spy the normal procedure is to declare persona non grata
if i understood correctly it 's a local not a us citizen .
hey we should be encouraging u/programsupervisor for making an actual title for once that is n't girl . ''
i was n't even aware there was one it 's kinda creeping me out .
psn gryphxn we 're about to start a fresh run if you wan na join
idk about that but if we take a qb 1st and get a wicked fs wr or rb in the top 10 then start winning i 'll be happy .
i feel like this buff will help it live up to its full potential
tried this out it seemed to help in some spots .
i think i 've seen something like this before .
maybe an over saturation of ground water but a dryer top layer .
i think there are certain fields that do this .
as for why this particular spot does this i do n't know
as a test open a command prompt and type without quotes ping google.com '' and let us know what it says
that would probably hurt those 3 republicans more than trump .
i do n't know how it is generally but my brother made it clear he wants me to be the sole caretaker/guardian meaning his son lives with me full-time if something happens to him .
are you plugging the cable into the motherboard or the gpu ?
everything is text in a buffer so there 's lots of orthogonality in the command set .
but modes let you get more specific functionality if you wish .
some days my anxiety is worse some days it 's my depression .
as the seasons change so does the severity of my mental health .
when i 'm anxious i need to go out and run or walk .
but during winter months this is hard to do .
so i always feel trapped which then causes my depression to get worse .
i go to therapy only when it 's extremely bad and i have thoughts of self harm .
i try to keep my hands busy with things like art or playing music but as it 's now fall i can feel my depression is affecting me .
i do n't want to get out of bed i keep having bad thoughts and overall i 'm very moody .
but around their first update that was far from the case .
i used fighter the most towards the end with upgraded primary weapon damage better heat cooldown on primary weapon and faster hp regen timer .
still very fun but the power bump i had over folks with no cards was n't close to fair .
i play a buffer and he plays a melee hybrid .
hey man that 's todd ellis career leader in passing yards at usc .
but yeah his voice is a very acquired taste .
we have the reigning dpoy and struggle to get him open looks at the qb .
rolling a nat 1 on a saving throw to see if you are removed from existence or not .
assuming that gems can get hurt i think it 's safe to assume that they have nerves or something similar .
it would be impractical to continue fighting while your physical form is taking damage .
omni cardioid figure 8 super-cardioid hyper-cardioid mic patterns and gain levels and proximity effect all change the way a mic picks up sound .
professional singers are awesome because you can put them on a hyper-cardioid mic with low gain 20-25db vs 35db for an untrained singer and they 'll still sound great the microphone becomes part of their instrument aka their voice .
with a normal person using that mic they would barely even register .
pick up whatever they can '' is silly as the difference between an on-axis professional singer and someone else trying to sing in sideways could be the difference between 110db and 60db it might as well be nothing at all .
a trademark is protected on the national level where a dba is protected on the state level .
so you wo n't be able to use someone else 's protected trademark as your dba .
you can trademark it if you are afraid that others would begin to use your name outside of your state but it will cost more money than just using a dba .
for an ebay account if you have to create a business i 'd just go with a dba for now .
the night 's king is a character in the book the night king is not .
legally i ca n't do thomas stuff any more .
we got almost as diverse of a climate as horizon 3 's map just in british columbia also we have some noice mountain roads .
also having a snow area built into the map without traveling would be nice as well as the okanogan valley is a pretty desert like place and the towns are lretty cool .
and on top of that there are quite a few music festivals that are in british colimbia so having a huge event centered around music and cars would n't be that far off .
is the closest you can get to an american setting that can have the variety of australia 's map but instead of rain forests its old growth forests with good trails that turns into an alpine climate which then gets to the top of the mountians where it is snowy all the time .
so ya i think canada would be the best case scenario .
also a dlc in newfoundland would be pretty cool with the costal roads on top of cliffs with the waves crashing over some parts of the road or maybe a saskatchewan or manitoba dlc with just long ass highways and open fields for cross country racing .
i just do n't think la would have a varied enough climate to rival what horizon 3 's map was .
i 'm 0-5 in a 12 man league and am 3rd place in total points lol
i host a variety of things though most of them are speedruns .
most of the people i host i stick around and talk quite a bit in .
some times i might just be too tired to talk but i mention im lurking and such .
i think they should have a community competition since we have captura now .
am i the only one who does n't have trouble spawning solo ?
i rewatched the first recently it held up really well i only cried twice !
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
i mostly only do digital art in all forms .
i 'm not sure how much that 's considered art but it gives me something fun to do .
right now i 'm working on making stencils for painting shoes actually using my computer as well as editing videos .
great body impressive cock and definitely not too short for me .
but if they won they 'd be facing skt and c9 .
ssg slumping and g2 looking lost the true sandbag has occurred .
i have the educational background aswell as experience in organizing events planning summer camps and in educating youth .
i have reached out to some contacts who have founded non-profits or have relevant experience and will draw on their expertise .
there is also a board of directors in the works .
to be more specific for the context of this subreddit i 'd like to know about legal obligations for safety .
am i liable if someone is hurt or gets food poisoning or another unforeseen event ?
thanks for your reply and i see now why this question is too broad for this subreddit .
i hope steph and hhh come out to help wait for it ... ... ... .kevin owens .
i know nothing but i thought he had a good game .
early on he forced some incomplete passes and then i did n't see him much later in the game .
it looks right in the car and those things are n't cheap anymore .
i liked colinsworth saying whoever pays nbc that 's who will deliver it '' when talking about delivering fines .
that 's a pretty early timeline from now but it 's always possible waitlists fall through and the like .
in general many great breeders do n't have an internet presence simply because they do n't really have to as people are referred to them by other breeders and the like .
since you 're in sacramento it might be good to point out that there are two major shows coming up .
even though nationals are in ohio they 're actually happening right now and they happened this time last year you may meet some local hobby kennels who could n't make it to nationals this year for whatever reason .
after the breed judging you can ask to meet the dogs usually or ask who bred the dogs that you like the look and personality of .
it will give you some clues as to who else is in the area not listed on the sca site .
the first show is happening the weekend of the 28th in dixon .
last year there were about 5 dogs at the show from all sorts of kennels on saturday .
also there 's another show in napa the weekend after which is a bit spaced out from nationals and from what i heard at the last local show a few people are definitely planning on attending .
in order to get a better reach within the club it would be a good idea to reach out to the barbary coast samoyed club and talk to them as many breeders who are n't registered with the national club as breeders will hopefully will be well-networked there .
if you really want a samoyed just like with everything irl getting face time with people in the breed will be better than any e-mail you can send unless you are a specialty home show performance working .
many breeders are inundated with requests from pet homes so getting that face time can be so so helpful especially if you are a novice home and want the support of a local breeder as opposed to someone sending you a puppy and having to work it out on your own .
if you want to take that chance white magic polar mist and vanderbilt are known for being more frequent breeders who do ship but occasionally they come with a premium .
if you have n't already i 'd read the sticky that i authored at the top of this sub on how to reach out to local breeders and vet them for reputability and if you are interested in attending any of those shows i would be happy to hook you up with more information on them .
looked like a lot of green in front of him .
it has made its way to australia as well and i would n't be surprised to see it has made its way to canada too .
there were silver and black editions for that generation with 11mp and 12mp capabilities and adjustable settings to 8mp and 5mp on each .
as an adviser in the oa i get a kick out of this definition http www.urbandictionary.com/define.php ? term=order 20of 20the 20arrow 20 28legion 20of 20the 20hooded 20falcon 29
do u by any chance have any lightning boosts to trade after your movie ?
everybody things forms are only for use in templates but you can do so much more with them .
even use them for validation in a rest api .
or to consume a rest api if you want .
at least in a few years you 'll be able to leave for college so keep your grades up if you 're in the usa get as many scholarships as you can .
i could n't see the giants doing a deal at 0-5 .
if not them then maybe the redskins if kelley ca n't get healthy/perine does n't improve .
if he 's made it know he wo n't re-sign then take what you can get for him .
poor guy ca n't catch a break ... hope he comes back strong .
i mean it was a success because it looked like the beginning of an upward swing not the beginning of shit your pants plateau
wow that 's a great setup with the bluetooth relay for college .
i faintly remember hearing a comedian say he wanted to start a restaurant named i do n't care '' .
they would n't have this as the main event unless something fucking crazy was going to happen .
now she has a lifetime of free legal advice !
if that 's the case check out and yet it moves .
i did n't think it was that good sorry .
i 'm aware that you did n't like it .
you 're sweet for saying that i 'm doing well ! !
i hope all is well for you well as good as it can it this sucky situation !
it 's more that it 'd turn hearthstone into a trading card game as opposed to a collectable card game which would bring in all the other problems associated with it .
one bad game against a top 5 defense is n't going to make me lose all confidence in him .
i work security at a hospital and i stay pretty busy .
mostly doing things like signing bodies in and out of the morgue setting patients up in safe rooms of they come in suicidal/homicidal/drunk/high or helping hold down an od patient who 's fighting too much to get an iv .
i 'm pretty new at my location but at another hospital in the next town over has a much more police style security team .
they go through the academy and get certified to arrest people and everything .
one of our supervisors actually just got signed up with them to be a k-9 unit for the hospital .
i would n't start new without a couple of legends on a good reroll account .
that being said probably powerhouse if you can get lucci from the free units and pull fisher tiger .
now i need another card so can i see it
i feel like if someone showed me a picture of tim horton .
and that right there is exactly whey i love his ass like a canadian jesus .
the jinder match was garbage considering it was for the wwe title
it would n't have to be made public you numbskull although it probably has n't occurred to you that the language in his contract with the team likely waives cam 's right to hipaa privacy when it comes to random drug screens .
what i 'm saying that if cam were using painkillers improperly the nfl would know when dosed properly they would n't make someone high '' especially someone with the size of cam .
i took painkillers for a shoulder surgery i had 10 years ago in high school and never recall them making me high '' .
the whole basis of your claim is that the nfl is turning a blind eye when they are literally screening his urine routinely .
just admit that you do n't know what you 're talking about .
animals are so fucking stupid i drove across the us one time and every 5 miles some idiot animal would dash out directly in front of my car .
like i would be the only car in 10 miles in the middle of nowhere and some fucking rabbit would always decide he really needs to cross the road right in front of me .
wagon merlinus can do that but he ca n't actually trade with anyone .
so if there is an item in merlinus 's inventory it may as well be gone since you ca n't access it .
i just do n't want to end up like some of my coworkers from my summer job where they do n't know what they are going to do after they graduate .
i had some who were going into their 4th year and had no plan .
there 's rumors that she 's in on it .
or at least she 's profiting from it as apparently he dresses up the girls he 's pushing in her designer clothes during events .
you would think shane could throw a good looking worked punch that looked good with all these training sessions over the years .
it 's to the point where his opponents should just tell him to throw legit ones .
pistachios if you have the time and finger strength .
that 's why you play a lot in the first week when the new mecanics are in fun intensity
and that 's if he even makes it to 2020 .
do n't worry though you can always look back fondly on 2016 .
she should call a lawyer and follow their advice .
calling the police and involving cps which the police will do could still result in her kids being removed while cps investigates .
i used to tell my mother when i was younger that i was going to marry a baker for this exact reason lmao
it was time to drop him back in week 3
the occasional severe delays are justified and acceptable losses .
the trauma for all involved is unfortunate but also acceptable
i do n't think i used the term 'patriotic ' .
these rich kids are wealthy because they 're incredibly good at what they do and have earned said wealth .
it 's not as though these players inherited their money they may have inherited good genetics .
pachyrhinosaurus is basically guaranteed since the northern most na dot appears to be on the city of grand prairie ab canada which has a pachyrhinosaurus bonebed
actually grey is great for team play if you build him with a lot of health and armor .
i often use greystone defensively rather than an attacker so i build him with a lot of armor but decent damage .
that way if you 're ever in the middle of a team fight with your team and one of your allies is injured you can use yourself as a shield to protect your ally till they make it back to safety and in turn you 'll do good enough damage to get a kill or have your teammates finish up the job .
i try to play it safe and not trigger it at all .
we 're sorry for the hassle but your post has been removed .
we try to maintain a level of quality in submissions in r/fantasyfootball we ask that users make an effort to prompt a discussion and very short posts do not do that .
for example do n't just ask what people think of a player ... tell us what you think of a player !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasyfootball if you have any questions or concerns .
this is an old comment i made about what i wanted for d2 but still think it 's true .
so the idea centred around weapon customisation and the creation of exotic weapons .
it seems that a lot of npc/legendary characters in the destiny lore forged their legend with their weapon .
it makes total sense as it is the way in which you interact with the world after all .
you grind out/purchase some base material and go to the gunsmith he makes you a frame which you can colour choose the manufacturer for and generally decide on its look .
you can also go to the various factions and get an endorsement which will give you a faction bonus or perk .
you add some various exotic bits that have dropped through rng from the raids/strikes/crucible kills/boss trophies .
this will add some aesthetics on top of base model .
for instance hive weapon parts will make the gun all bony and the trash-panda alien bits will make it look a little more thrown together .
the gunsmith will give you bounties to do and bam you have your basic weapon which will come back as a blue with some basic perks .
now here is where you start to forge your legend in the language of destiny .
you get to name it and add a short profile and then you take it out into the field .
the more you kill and the types of things you kill with your weapon will influence its evolution .
the more you use it the more it changes from white to green to blue to purple to exotic collecting perks along the way .
well sir your gun starts to take on aspects of the guardians and is more effective against them .
this is where the legendary perks start to develop you get a lot of headshots ?
well then after a certain number of headshot kills you earn a perk which means critical damage is increased .
you reload on the last shot instead of the middle of the mag ?
perks could be part random and part player behaviour .
you could even add weapon corruptions where if you spend a certain amount of time killing a particular enemy type your weapon has a chance to be corrupted and do elemental damage or pick up other types of more exotic perks .
this is how you can forge your legend like toland tormund radegast haakon and all of the other iron lords .
i 've killed a ton of hive i imagine i am a walking nightmare to them that 's the stuff of legend right ?
well i want my gun and armour to reflect that .
your post has been removed make sure to use the body of a post to elaborate on the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
i think u/the_number_2 is probably buying them the next county over from the way they said 'in my county ' .
voting by spending tax dollars in a different place .
like everyone else said dangerous as fuck and gorgeous ever heard one ?
now i 'm paranoid that i have that problem even though i ca n't see it .
i want a bot that only replies humans are not horses '' whenever this comes up to cuck the anti-luddite non-futurologists .
only if you 're not a very good lawyer .
if you 're a good lawyer the lube 's not anal or you go in dry .
see which one is more up to date and which one appears to be written by a more skilled/prolific ebuild author .
the adamantium has to replace something in his body .
but you did ask how his claws would look if he had any .
in that case it 's really up to you to choose where his claws go .
seeing as how they have radial symmetry i 'd go with the fourth picture bottom right .
i am new to the game so what is the trcs event and is it still on ?
i have 5k might ... 15k gems to roll 1 million honor badges
the downvotes seem kinda harsh but at the same time you 've commented in a thread where the title is a direct quote from beckham himself saying his dad is a united fan lol
small claims court is just a filing fee anything more than that and it 's worth it ''
i especially love the ideas of the sigils and the arcane sight .
gives you plenty of options within this class too for archtypes .
i think the biggest issue is history majors who only do history as a minor also .
if your say a history major with a very sought after minor it 's easy to get a job .
it also depends on state in minnesota where i live pretty much every field of teaching is in desperate need of teachers .
however if you were in a state that did n't have a critical shortage i can see why it would be hard .
anything can happen ... no one expected trump to be president either .
leave it to etsy to sell all the good stuff thanks !
no i even gave the example of tylarious since most of his fans and himself think that way .
just googled that guy and realized he 's part canadian .
i 'm listening to a lot of japanese music as usual .
oh i see so the vpn is more useful for getting the indian price .
marxism is n't the only type of socialism obviously democratic confederalists are n't marxists maybe you should do more research in that subject
but in the title you wrote protugaise not portugaise ...
you obviously have n't been around long enough to have seen the actual worst ways possible .
because you included the last airbender and dragonball z in your argument about my mental acuity .
so how about this ... shut the fuck up and go do it .
please do us all a favor and show us how it 's done .
no no no do n't angrily type a response back to me .
idk man it 's hard to tell those pictures are so ridiculously edited .
i thought he was the smoke beer guy in the thumbnail .
i do n't like trump but the mans not a wizard .
the military was brought into the argument before trump was even in office .
triple xp 20c both slightly rounded up because who knows if the first items listed are still available
it 's even more if you ca n't sustain your own t16 and have to buy them .
they 've checked out all my cars before i purchased them .
we do n't know what exactly t'pol said because the scene started mid-conversation but apparently she brought up and they were discussing sex on starships during long voyages and she brought up the thing about vulcans and pon farr
i remember many of these had a web portal homepage that you could customize .
i remember looking through all the widgets and optimizing the layout .
i did n't care about the loot crate system because i have so much from playing the game .
one thing i do want to say is that it seems that you can earn crates of specific classes if you level up or something .
count one more for the world 's greatest troll .
bush jr. was a pretty entertaining presidency but trump takes the cake .
obama let me down not nearly entertaining enough except for all those great drone strikes .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http articles.latimes.com/1988-11-20/news/mn-590_1_joe-hill-s-ashes reduced by 87 .
washington a vial containing ashes of joe hill the legendary union organizer and martyr shot by a utah firing squad 73 years ago after a questionable murder conviction were released to his union friday by the government .
a spokeswoman said quot in 1988 the iww requested that joe hill 039 s ashes be returned to the union .
the national archives agreed to this unusual request on the condition that all the related record material including the envelope which contained the ashes be retained . ''
hill asked to be cremated and specified that his ashes be scattered in every state except utah .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/759it7/til_that_executed_labor_leader_and_song_writer faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.65 224887 tl drs so far . ''
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords hill 1 ashes 2 union 3 iww 4 chicago 5
yeah i 've tried letting just her stuff pile up which ended in another massive argument about how i 'm setting her up for failure on purpose that i do n't care that she has nothing to wear and why i would treat her so shitty .
i 'll admit i do n't like confrontations or arguments so in the end i just gave in and did it anyway .
just increases it 's capacity before it stops producing until you collect
i have that exact printer and that spool adaoter you made will eventually wear down because its a bit wider than most spools .
right but maxwell has proven his mettle in conditions which are arguably the toughest in the world .
but it would be insanely harsh on him to drop on the basis of his failures as opposed to giving him a longer rope on the basis of his successes .
anything that is branded with your gc can only be worn when you 're on that gc .
anything that is not gc-specific can still be used .
chocobo barding if it 's already on your chocobo will remain .
but as soon you take it off from your 'bo you will not be able to re-equip it .
let 's be real it 's not cedh if your brain is n't performing a monte carlo tree search every time something goes on the stack .
people sometimes do cold runs '' on suicides or slowly tentatively try parts of it to gain courage .
other people try to push themselves to the limit but not over hoping that someone will hear their cry of help .
i had a friend as a kid who always tried to hang himself but somehow at a time where he could be found .
i moved away so i do n't know what happened to him but i do n't think he actually wanted to die just felt a compulsion to try and at the same time a natural instinct to survive and those things made war inside his head .
144fps on a 60hz monitor is 60fps with a shitload of screen tearing because each time the monitor refreshes it 's displaying 2-3 different frames .
imo i 'd rather get a 144hz monitor with no gsync and play with vsync off than a 60hz one with gsync dont think they exist though all other things being equal .
especially if you 're playing competitive games/twitch shooters the input lag introduced by vsync/gsync is a handicap .
a lot of maps use resource and behavior packs ?
i 'm working on one that uses only vanilla textures and behaviors and hopefully i 'll release it before 1.3
for me it depends on where my friends play .
if that does n't matter to you then just play where things can always be maxed out .
can i live in your house now since you just bet it and lost it ?
i do n't know why but this is the funniest thing i 've read all day .
i do n't know how i would even react .
i assume it 's the same as the others you deplete all dark mana then enchant .
after he 's fully enchanted you just click on the gold pile to send him out and he comes back with a decoration each time ... maybe we will get more kids to battle monsters with in act 2 ...
i noticed that the other kids like the twins have a job option to go to wizarding school
anything here from my list here that 'd interest you ?
a clan system would go great with other changes like 6v6 3v3 and other competitive modes that people have been asking about for ages .
i could see blizz holding back until all of those ideas are polished up and presented in a blizzcon like announcement .
by the looks of this sub we are all possession style players who never play defence or counter attack .
only a minor observation but the hardest problems are the ones that are n't apparent .
just because something particularly software produces an answer that appears reasonable does n't mean that it has produced the right answer .
do one more measurement than is actually required so that it requires two errors before a faulty measurement can be accepted as valid .
anyone with an asian seeming name if they have wgqun '' and then an assortment of numbers theyre 100 definitely cheating because thats them advertising how to buy the hacks they use off of them in chinese .
also if they kill a group of people all at once or if you go somewhere populated but hear no gun shots i had a hacker the other day when i dropped at apartments next to school and i said to my friend hey how come we have n't heard a single gun shot from school '' ?
about 10 seconds later we have some cheater flying up the staircase of our building to kill us .
and another thing is if they get multiple vehicle explosion kills if you see someone getting more than one or maybe two per game chances are they 'll be cheating and shooting anything they see which includes vehicles .
yeah ... like c'mon rito is only a small indie company .
it was a lot of cheating at first with heel turn to show hey i 'm actually a villain now and not just for fun . ''
but a lot of matches were good to really good despite some shenanigans .
we 're off 3rd a couple blocks east of dutton .
did n't end up having to leave but the house smells very smoky .
meanwhile i got about 250gb of just backed files .
thats about 2 weeks of extreme 7z compressed archives full of projects i work on mostly programming related ob another drive so if i break shit or delete files i need i can just fix it from a backup .
your post has been automatically removed as you are posting from a very new account .
please be sure you are familiar with the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/customhearthstone/about/rules and you can contact us via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcustomhearthstone if you feel that this your post is suitable for this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/customhearthstone if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks do n't believe it to be a repost as its been my favourite joke for years and took me ages to type out to get it to sound like it does when i tell it !
the more resistance you have the more hp potential '' you gain from each elemental resistance panel .
also the undying 's drain '' covers my hp recovery needs .
not so hard actually if you activate it in the beginning .
i do have 4 bulwark crest set and a 3 war god .
got a few heros that would benefit from a high bulwark so i would struggle to change it if it came up .
most of the people are around 140s so they are pretty new as well
why would enjincoin beat firstblood which is already in use ?
the first one was great but the second one i think it was a flop .
every crummy town in ohio apparently has one really cool thing as far as i can tell .
sounds like she 's not as into you as you are to her .
the best move really would be to try to move on .
jesus the world is getting into the state that the only safe sex is with a paid sex worker or homosexual sex .
feel sorry for straight guys you are getting screw over ever which way and then told to suck it up .
well it 's a pretty dope mod i actually think i want to get the shell you posted thanks for the link .
i spend many money on superior samsung phone already is very amazing .
i sorry you no can get new iphone because you broke .
i just think boycotting '' was a weird example to add .
old school classic rpgsbaldur 's gate 1 and baldur 's gate 2 morrowind kotor kotor 2 deus ex the original guild wars runescape and runescape 2007 recommended by u/andreniggy heroes of might magic and heroes of might magic ii and heroes of might magic iii all recommended by u/humankeg shovel knight recommended by u/karlmrax vvvvvv by hugely popular demand super meat boy recommended by u/adsefer diablo 1 and diablo 2 both by popular demand .
lol how is that even comparable what trump said was hypothetical he never said that he did
this paper asks whether immigration has any impact on wages .
considering the variation of wages and immigration across regions occupations and time .
occupations turn out to be a relatively important dimension .
breakdown is incorporated into a regional analysis of immigration the immigrant-native
ratio has a significant small impact on the average occupational wage rates of that region .
closer examination reveals that the biggest effect is in the semi/unskilled services sector
where a 10 percentage point rise in the proportion of immigrants is associated with a 2
where immigrants come from — eu or non-eu — appears to
have no impact on our economy wide results with the impact within the semi/unskilled
evidence but do not seem to have been recorded previously in the empirical literature .
for real i 've never understood why people ca n't just let the psychedelics do their job .
when i used to smoke i can only recall weed making my trips dirtier .
him xavi and iniesta has to be one of the most balanced 3 ever .
please ring your sil asap and tell her what 's going on .
you do n't want your mom ruining that relationship by projecting her feelings onto you aka making up stuff about how you feel about things .
no way in hell i am selling at a loss .
just hodling and waiting until i get my money back .
once got a 40 tip from a smashed drunk dude at a motel .
i only delivered for two months but i 'll always hold a soft spot for that guy .
and why will further globalisation solve the problems that previous globalisation has wrought ?
he also help found the company if that is n't obvious from his last name .
ha i was told cussing is somewhat funny on yt .
yes now that i have finished my degree and this shitty dorm finally raised the internet limit to 300gb i can stream next month .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
do n't beg for free stuff it does n't matter if it 's implied or not there are other places for it .
if you want to host a giveaway or charity event you need explicit permission from the moderators .
first come first serve giveaways are not allowed instead consider sending whatever you 're giving away someone on the sub as a random act of kindness .
please ensure you have read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/steam/about/rules .
if you feel your post was removed by mistake or is an exception feel free to message the moderators using this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/steam subject=appeal 20of 20my 20removed 20submission message=can 20you 20please 20take 20a 20second 20look 20at 20my 20case 3f 0a 0areason 3a 0a 0a 0alink 20to 20the 20item 3a 20https www.reddit.com/r/steam/comments/7578uu/pugb_key_pls .
i do n't think these 2 will be working together again any time soon .
i 've calmed down now but i was assuming anyone who has seen pictures of me/knew me prior to growing a beard would make that connection .
it felt legit in the moment but in hindsight i can see how ridiculous that sounds .
i know it does n't reset but i am hoping for a real feature in the options to set it up this way without workarounds in the future .
if i walk around on rafters on factory and look below i see my feet doing steps it looks really great .
depending on how i move i can see them changing movement patterns .
if by proper fps '' you mean looking down and noticing that you have no legs well..you got ta admit that just looks ridiculous from a realistic point of view .
and the developers do aim for a realistic shooter which separates this game from so many others .
the only game i heard is similar to tarkov is rainbow siege but i have yet to try that one .
no both the orion and betlegeues are insanely good weapons .
that 's why the likes of snl is being dragged into the whole thing because the right are crying why wo n't they make fun of him like they make fun of our guy ? ''
because no-one even knows who the fuck he is .
the reason it 's so funny when these right-wing people get exposed is not because they did the thing but because frequently what they 're being exposed for is their hypocrisy as well as the thing .
read over this conversation when you have a calmer moment .
i saw a dude get pantsed in the middle of the road once .
now i rep the jesta without the beating i get in game .
the baby probably would have red fluffy fur maybe a sterotypical devil lo ... ... wait what ? !
well a bard fucking something they should n't is pretty normal
when they incorporate parts of other music genres you can call it alloy metal .
in my honest opinion it is way too late for any sort of standardization regarding video games on pc .
even if we can get some sort of standard system passed it would take at least untill 2022 if you count shovelware and asset flips before even a seizable portion of games have made use of this standardization where it becomes even remotely usefull .
well to be honest that is just a guts feeling i have and before that i am almost convinced someone over at pcgamingwiki or something has made a tool availible that will/can automatically sniff out your games your saved games and with the click of a button have them backed up in whatever location and format you fancy .
i am not saying that i agree with the status quo but i do know thing or two about practicality .
yes ur right it 's the urn above the fireplace in the bedroom not in the bathroom .
and u can only get it once grey mother tells you to get it for her .
yeah it 's roughly correct the logic is pretty likely spot on .
there would n't be so many strings floating around though .
in reality there 's probably an enumeration of controller states which in c would look something like
as well as a function to get the controller state for a particular player
but i think i like your acronym much better !
a murder like case 3 from danganronpa 1 but someone is tied and hanged upside-down alive he only wakes up when everyone finds the body in order to get him framed
i spent last year studying in america as an exchange student i came back to turkey last july and i was planning on returning to the us in 2019 for college and my masters degree .
i see the place i studied last year as my second home that i wanted to return to and seeing these news is just so sad to me .
studying in the us to become a nuclear engineer has always been my dream .
this entirely fucks up my plans and just screws my and a lot of other students futures over .
i just hope all of this will be solved by then .
and i am just sorry for the others who were planning on going earlier .
common people shouldnt be the victim of countries policies against each other .
fuck this juicy corn and these big meaty chickens .
i wan na eat hard brittle stalks of wild cereal like my greatest of granddaddies did .
grey apex 20xx heatwave sweeper black clockworks and two keys ?
meh the br and snipe are too easy in this mode due to the slow movement any sweaty matches are not really fun at all
remember to recalculate the net price with merit profiles .
after getting the number at the end of the calc they also have a button that says calculate merit '' or something that lets you place yourself on a scale of 1-6 with 6 being the very best .
if you are somewhere around being valedictorian have taken many ap classes have done tons of stuff outside class etc then the merit scholarship is around 20k .
ur also has scholarship questions on the common app .
i 'm not sure if these are for different scholarships or if they qualify you for the merit ones that i just explained .
remember when last year people were calling sam bradford mvp ?
no one seems to care about a stranger in need .
and honestly a stranger in need ca n't even trust a person trying to help them .
whenever i get at least one egg with a double yolk almost all of the eggs in the pack has it .
it 's a girl who carries a flag in front of the band and marches with the band .
what country are you from where kids actually study in school ?
i didnt say it was prefect but it could work .
also if the company isnt making money from a game whats the point of them making an entire games worth of content and give it to everyone for free ?
the clearspeed is very good even with 5l and lower quality gems .
it would be guardian viable but you would need atziri 's acuity at minimum .
also it 'd be kinda bad at guardians imo .
you 'd have to invest around 20ex to make it viable for guardians and there 's simply better builds for guardians at that price .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yup roc vs proc even the official name is confusing sometimes
the driver of the caddy is trying to use the shoulder illegally to get around traffic like a dick
i was advised that living in shanghai would be a bit more enjoyable than living in beijing i was also looking at tsinghua thanks a lot !
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/757k8x/up_vote_it_how_can_i_find_my_posted_image .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
no i specifically pointed out which ones are invalid and how they are ridiculous and why .
i came to this specific top rated comment specifically to point out how those reasons are invalid and discuss why .
welcome to the real world life 's a bitch stop whining and move along !
but he does n't gain both boosts it 's one or the other .
if they 're in the category they get the category boost if they are n't in the category but are int type they get the int boost .
there is cheap land in oregon not in portland though .
maybe try outside eugene or around the more rural areas near-ish to albany .
one thing i could think of is dividing ammo based on weapon type .
totti performed well at the tournaments he went to and he did n't disappear on the field for years at a time .
he 's right handed but missing his right eye so he 's compensating in a weird way .
you 're going to counterpick yoshi 's story when my water has less than 3 parts per billion of other molecules ?
dark elves lokhir fellheart hellebron and malus darkblade as lls with shadowblade as a legendary hero for hellebron .
high elves alarielle eltharion and alith anar as lls with korhil as a legendary hero .
skaven ikit claw thanquol and throt the unclean as lls with boneripper as a legendary hero for thanquol .
lizardmen tehenhauin tetto'eko and gor-rok as lls with oxyotl as a legendary hero .
tomb kings settra khalida arkhan and apophas as lls with khatep as a legendary hero .
araby sultan jaffar jasmine silverveil and the golden magus as lls .
dude he literally pulled his shirt over his head and rolled on the floor he is clearly joking
it 's a fact that he gave editorial oversight to literal white nationalists .
which is at least one more fact that you 've cited in your praise for him with your i do n't agree with him but i agree with him comment '' .
that would make me somebody from the left which i 'm not .
he donates to her campaigns he 's thrown her birthday parties and just like other hollywood personalities she 's quiet when she 's supposed to be a feminist '' .
she 's as crooked as it gets especially for payday .
there are women who were abused and were stepped on for being a lesser prestige and title than weinstein .
this is why california has feha so women are n't forced to earn promotions under the desk of their boss .
senators are sending back donations already so when is she standing up ?
how long is she gon na wait until people start thinking she 's a spineless bitch ?
you can not just rely on newpapers for proof or citation .
how much fluoride is needed to be toxic and what method of consumption
i do n't recall malaysian tap water getting flouridated since who actually drinks directly from tap water
i 've had it only once but it happened just as you described .
we got a random map after the vote and i was in slowmo after that .
other squad members did n't initially have it but after a while they reported it as well .
low carb keto ice cream advertised in a waffle cone ?
ii is extremely important for understanding the series as a whole .
air pollution usually rises in this period of the year due to the burning of crop residue in haryana and punjab .
experts say stubble burning accounts for anywhere between 12 and 60 of delhi 's air pollution .
your post was removed because you have posted an article that was not archived .
archives prevent traffic from our subreddit encouraging clickbait through unique visits and ad revenue .
after spending three weeks travelling the west coast of america in an old van i found socal chill as long as you have patience .
maybe you need some patience and stop being a shit driver .
people are slowly accepting her as a dps almost as weird as it sounds .
this is coming from a master 's dva main with like a 61 winrate on pc .
arifureta definitely ended with a harem with the catch that one wife rules them all
it just sort of makes me wonder how many things that seem periodic are really just chaotic with small lyapunov exponents .
to think the gameverse would get so far eh 3 ?
i am with you this coins deserves 50billion marketcap in the future
catholics do not that i 've heard actively shame people for leaving .
from what i 've seen and from what people preach the correct course of action is to love them like anyone else .
i may not agree with the church on many things and i still hold that they are corrupt but i would n't say they 're evil .
oh if it was n't obvious i grew up catholic .
i 'm trying to see if there 's a way to do that without appealing to conditionals .
from inside '' haskell you ca n't switch between data bool and a church bool '' without doing a pattern match .
but you can write arbitrary programs from the ground up using church encodings and those programs will not utilize pattern matching at all .
you give me such high hopes to aim for .
would you mind if i pummel you with questions over yours ?
shit in alamo sq ... just thought someone had a fire going .
let the lsu handlers know when you plan to play the tribute song .
i 'm a tom petty fan but it feels like gator fans are making this more of a slight against them instead of tom .
you can use a usb-hub to connect several drives to one usb port .
france had notorious revolutions and political chaos during xix century .
i think sarb 033 is a more versatile watch and unless you go diving with it regular ocean swimming should be fine .
ocean 39 seems to be a great dive watch for value but i 'm not a fan of its overly glossy ceramic bezel and cathedral hour hand .
unless you prefer the dive watch look i 'd say you ca n't go wrong with the sarb 033 .
they 're not saying bedrest ... they 're saying she should be spending time on the couch with her feet up rather than doing all the chores .
i could n't get into the new series tho because it 's been a while .
the issue is that there is no definition of natural
which is the problem i alluded to in my original response to you .
the circularity is introduced by calling something super*-natural i.e .
nature '' was just the world but now someone is claiming that some agent or force is working from outside the natural '' world .
they created the distinction by positing another type of cause than one that could be in this world .
if there is as you say no non-circular definition of natural then there is no basis by which to claim anything is super*-natural .
we look in this world the world so far as we know for causes for anything we see here .
nature '' just reverts to its old meaning of the world . ''
supernaturalists are making indefensible claims is meaningless if you ca n't define natural .
if they ca n't define what they 're talking about how are their claims defensible ?
i doubt there will be anyone on this subreddit who is willing to defend it
scientism used to be the position that all questions fall within the domain of science .
that scientism is false and no one holds that view today .
more currently the term has expanded and is now used by some religionists who think that science is too big for its britches and is being applied to subjects they want off-limits to critical scrutiny .
so it depends on what you mean by the term .
you 're not making any claims and have no burden of proof
i 'm not the one making religious claims no .
but yes i do critically engage arguments given for whatever to include religion .
if you want to have a debate on which side of the question has better evidence .
if you make a claim the mere fact that it ca n't be proven false is n't an argument for belief .
i do n't consider someone guilty just because we ca n't prove them innocent so the burden remains on the prosecutor .
if you are making claims about the world i think it 's reasonable to ask you what you 're talking about and what basis you have for the claims .
vettel per me è un ottimo pilota e fino a singapore era tutto possibile poi sono subentrati i problemi se ci fosse stato hamilton alla ferrari li avrebbe avuti lui quindi il problema almeno per me non sono i piloti ma tutto ciò che sta dietro .
raikkonen non mi ha fatto mai impazzire speriamo in un ricciardio in rosso ma lo vedo già in partenza con un bel grigio .
another blog to check out is elle beau blog https ellebeaublog.com .
she actually used to sell younique and talks about her bad experiences with it and how she got out of it .
i personally would continue to refuse buying anything from her .
i think that would actually do more harm to your friendship because you 'll end up resenting her for feeling pressured into buying something you do n't want .
also she 's unlikely to leave you alone if you buy something she 's only going to continue asking you to buy stuff and actually buying it will only serve to encourage her .
just keep turning her down and changing the subject and hopefully she 'll stop .
you can hide her posts on facebook too or see less of them if the mlm shilling becomes too much .
are you saying to ride out the fluctuations in fx is better because of ... lower fees ?
i 'm happy i bought vgs when the aud was 0.82 usd
are there any informations if kraken will support bitcoin gold or should i move my bitcoins to another wallet so that i actually receive bitcoin gold ?
if you are looking for some rift chat outside of the game ask veterans for help or want to share your creative work with the rift community feel free to join our growing discord server https discord.gg/4w3wpev
we got around 600 users from both na and eu including almost all content creators and some trion staff .
i have just started a new survival map and played a little with a friend on it .
the seed is awesome we have an ocean monument and a mansion on the spawn map .
we dug two mines and built a vegetables farm .
we also built a nether portal which led us directly to a foretress but we are not ready yet to explore it .
so there is a lot to do yet on this map
i am hosting this map on most week evenings 6pm to midnight paris time and a lot more during the week end .
so if you are a mature player i 'm 29 and have a mic shoot me a message on reddit or psn .
so i finished the story of the expansion and i completed the maps and achievements i cared about..what to do now ?
i 've always liked pve like raids dungeons low-level fractals but i think it 's time to get more serious..but i do n't know where to begin because there are appararently armor/weapon requirements like ascended gear .
i could n't find a clear guide to help me get started .
i play a chronomancer and i 'd like to support/buff my allies in a raid etc .
so my question is ... how do i begin gearing up for a raid ?
when do i know i 'm ready to join raids ?
are you in a game where one person afk 's then the rest afk 's 2 minutes later ?
i have gotten the floor is lava and hack the planet .
all it costs is 1 payment of all you sr !
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.digitaltrends.com/movies/hulu-cheapest-plan-offer reduced by 58 .
for anyone considering signing up to hulu 039 s streaming service now looks like the time to jump aboard .
as netflix starts asking its subscribers to dig a little deeper into their pockets for their monthly subs rival streaming outfit hulu is cutting the cost for newcomers to its service .
the company 039 s cheapest streaming plan can now be grabbed for just 5.99 a month for the first year after that the cost reverts to the regular 7.99-a-month fee .
while some commentators have been attributing hulu 039 s price cut to netflix 039 s recent decision to hike the cost of several of its tiers variety pointed out that hulu did in fact quietly unveil its 5.99 offer about two weeks ago before more recently targeting former subscribers with marketing emails aimed at persuading them to give the streaming service another try .
netflix 039 s move to hike prices could work out nicely for hulu perhaps serving to push a few disgruntled customers its way .
hulu has been investing heavily in recent times in a bid to build out its service to take on the likes of netflix and amazon .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.digitaltrends.com/movies/hulu-cheapest-plan-offer faq http autotldr.io 227983 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords hulu 1 streams 2 service 3 month 4 netflix 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
do i need to hold my btc at specific exchange or do all the exchanges support the fork and will allow us to trade 2x coins immediately ?
this is very strange and counter-intuitive there is no obvious reason why some legendaries should drop them while others do n't .
this is the most serious point i think consistent rewards across similar content are important .
similarly the number of mosaics rewarded varies from 2 to 27 apparently at random .
2 is not worth turning up for while 27 is an excellent haul but you have no control over which you will get .
compare this to dragonite ore rewards from central tyria world bosses they reward different amounts and there 's some randomness but you more or less know what you are going to get from any given boss .
some drop a low amount and others drop a high amount .
edit maybe an imaginary comparison to explorable dungeons would be useful .
imagine if there were a couple of explorable paths that did n't reward tokens for no good reason .
and also for the rest they can reward anything between 8 and 100 tokens depending on your luck .
that would be a frustrating reward structure but it 's what we currently have with elegy mosaics .
as mentioned below the problem with some legendaries not rewarding mosaics might be a bug .
but if it is it has n't been acknowledged as one yet .
it 's also 5 in france and it looks that hots as an esport is doing fine so far definitely 3 moba after dota/lol juggernauts .
although scene is nowhere near as big or profitable keep in mind that it 's slow progress .
other than r/weedbiz where do dispenary owners chat online ?
are there any forums or chat rooms you would recommend for dispensary owners ?
hi i 'm new to reddit my boyfriend was telling me to look up forums for ezcema ... so here i am .
just wanted to see if anyone else feels how i do about my skin .
i have had eczema since i was 2 weeks old and unfortunately never grew out and i have it everywhere .
i have had every steroid cream under the sun i have tried two types of immunosuppressants and uvb light therapy twice all without any success .
in fact the immunosuppressant​s made me really sick and i got herpeticum twice in the space for 5 days and was eventually admitted to hospital after going to a e three types and each time being told that they do n't deal with skin and finally a gp had me sent in via emergency admission because the herpeticum had gotten into my eyes !
i 'm sick of people thinking that eczema is just dry skin and simply rubbing cream on it will make it better ... .
unless you have any skin condition you do n't really understand how hard it is not to scratch or how frustrating is it to try and keep your skin trail less noticeable .
i do n't think people realise that anyone with eczema is in constant pain and the reason we cover up every inch of our bodies is so that no one sees all the little cuts and dried blood we have left after a really really good scratch .
when someone without a skin condition gets a scratch and then complain that they are so itchy and that it 's driving then mad ... ..
i just reply welcome to my world it 's like that 24/7 !
does anyone feel like you can not explain how much pain you are in and how itchy every inch of your body is without someome saying just put some cream on ? ?
this is my first reddit post ever so i hope i am doing this right .
i feel that i should share my progress with the battlerite community !
i am going to ask you guys to vote on what silhouette i should develop i have highlighted my favorites .
quick sketch of sexy nurse jade i know you guys ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° https imgur.com/a/jj8hh not a design submission .
i will also be taking votes from the steam battlerite community .
thanks for checking out my post i wish everyone luck on the art contest !
devs and mods please let me know if i am allowed to do this !
i feel like the theories are getting way too out-of-control and that people are focusing on details that are either practically debunked or straight-up trivial .
we know that steven paddock existed prior to the event .
i 'm sure you could find about as much on him as you could find on any normal person who does n't plaster their name all over .
the likelihood after analyzing footage seems low and people with firearms experience ca n't say enough about how it sounds like there 's one shooter .
in my opinion we should be go for the roots of the conspiracy .
motives getting a bio on paddock possible le involvement surveillance videos and paper trails .
we all know that this massacre was possible for a single person to carry out so why waste the energy on trying to prove it when numerous experts have posted their explanations ?
looking for 1 more to do the leviathan fresh .
please have the emblem already to show you 've done it before .
does anyone have any links that they used to study for the sec exam ?
i finally registered for my appointment so now i just want to hammer the practice exams pretty hard until that date .
i have found a few online and have done the one in the back of gibson 's book twice now score went from an 87 to a 97 .
i am not sure if i should just move my exam up to a weekday and get it out of the way or just keep studying for a few more weeks .
i would love to know what kind of questions they asked as a new zealander myself .
i feel like the questions would n't have been too hard .
the scariest moment for me this month will be finally seeing my results from the lsat this thursday .
it was in decent shape though the carpet pad was glued to the floor .
i was able to get it all off with a heat gun but now no matter how much i sand the floors the stain where the glue was remains .
i 've done quite a few passes with 36 grit paper and i 've gotten to the point where i 'm worried i 'll over sand it .
right now it 's finished with an 80 grit .
i cleaned the floors today with mineral spirits and while it was wet the colour was uniform you could n't see the glue stains .
i 'm kinda hoping that means after i stain and polyurethane the colour will be more uniform .
so ... my bf and i have talked about porn probably like 5 times in our 5 months together .
my attitude towards porn has always been fairly neutral .
the most porn i ever watched was when i was legitimately interested in doing camming as a self-exploratory hobby during the beginning of what i 'd call my sexual revolution a couple of years ago and believe me i watched a lot .
it felt voyeuristic the same way watching a family through an open window would be voyeuristic it rarely turned me on watching couples was sometimes a turn on but i found it interesting like watching a nature documentary .
i 've probably watched 2 hours of professional porn in my entire life and it did nothing but make me laugh .
it 's hard for me to take it seriously .
i could masturbate to sexually explicit tv shows all day long oitnb got other high-quality shows with a lot of sex involved but porn ?
i sort of think the fact that most porn is geared towards men is to blame .
i would much rather watch people cam than watch porn because cammers are doing it for themselves .
sure many if not most are doing it for the money but when i watch porn i just picture the production team and ca n't really get the politics of the industry out of my head .
i 've watched pretty much any documentary-type stuff about porn i can get my hands on as well as read first-person accounts and quality read nonjudgemental/biased articles about it because i find the industry super interesting and i also think this is a major mental block .
it 's worse than watching a magician perform a trick you understand .
i 'm also well-trained in writing and literature so ridiculous narratives just irk the hell out of me .
like i ca n't stop thinking about how stupid it is and seriously just feel annoyed as fuck .
on the flip side my bf watches porn and it 's extremely obvious he would like me to watch it with him and you know enjoy it/feel aroused by it/masturbate with him/fuck while watching/whatever .
i think that would be super great and fun and strengthen our relationship and help me feel more sex-positive and adventurous and and ... yeah i think that 's super .
should i fake it till i make it i 've found with certain sexual stuff that actually works to open your mind up by just trying to go with it until you really decide like eating something you 're not sure about till you develop your palate ?
tl dr i do n't get horny watching porn especially professional stuff .
my bf is into it and he would like me to participate .
i 'm down but i do n't know how to develop the taste or if i can .
self review i think the lighting and sound in the video could be better .
saw zetterberg scored his first career goal on october 13th 2002 so he is my best guess for this week 's flashback .
ea could however release a flashback messier who scored his first career goal on october 13th 1979 .
i 'd be happy with a 90 overall of either one of these two so could be a good week to stock up on flashback collectibles !
i 'm overweight and i should be drinking about 168oz of fluids a day .
i 'm dry-heaving a lot and eating maybe one meal a day .
i am on diclegis which does help but i 'm still having issues with getting around fluids .
i wish i could get iv fluids at home but i have no idea how to go about that .
are you hankering for more usernames to add for friend play ?
have you ever wanted to play in a actual gwent online tournament ?
looking for somewhere to have friendly discussions about everything gwent ?
if you said yes to one or all these questions come follow our facebook community and our competitive gwent subreddit ... .links are below and available on the wiki page here at r/gwent .
we are a very uplifting and friendly community and sub ... feel free to drop by and give us a follow/join .
an extensive username database is available on our facebook community and coming soon to our sub below .
just found out that you can complete the challenge streak '' achievement by getting 12 crowns https imgur.com/fbza4dl on the 2v2 touchdown daily practice .
which is nice since it gives less skilled players the opportunity to get 100 gems for free and people wo n't have to wait it out until the next free challenge to try and complete the achievement .
hey everyone i 'm wondering if anyone has some first hand experience with dealing with 24/0 during veg .
i hear from a lot of sources that 24/0 can be too much light as it may stress the plants as they get no 'sleep ' .
i also hear roots grow more during darkness and everyone wants better root growth !
has anybody tried 24/0 and 20/4 or 18/6 and noticed any effects that point out which light schedule is more beneficial or have any scientific evidence that favours one ?
thanks for anyone who offers any info in advance !
i would like to code/script/program/whatsit a twitter web app that can find/rank the most popular hashtags from a pool of specific hashtags .
i might also want it to search the content of these tweets for specific elements which i 'm not sure is possible .
play as the blocker and get the hb 30 yards '' do n't be fooled it 's the oklahoma offensive drill
last night i had an issue with my phone so i flashed stock firmware and now my phone shows only 32gb of storage why ?
i 've recently bought an 88 ' dodge b250 camper .
i 'm new to carburetors and manual chokes i also happen to live in canada yay 20 weather
i 'm looking for some advice on how to start run it well in the cold .
already had a bit of trouble starting it today and it was like 13degrees celsius .
should i buy some starter spray for winter days ?
or is there some tricks i should just know .
should i take it to get the carb and choke system tuned up for winter .
the hunger and the gentleman are they both easy to find ?
we currently live in a home that was gifted to us so no mortgage .
problem is it 's an older home that needs a ton of renovation .
the root of my question is planning for the future .
we 're at a point we want to move to a different town that 's still in driving distance of our work .
we hope to get a place that would better suit a soon to be growing family .
everything from a yard to a better school district .
would it make sense to dump money into this old house in an old dying community or sell it for whatever we can and start investing in a new home ?
the following post by gonzochicago is being replicated because the post has been silently greylisted .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
slip or para cool stuff might turn down fair offers if it 's stuff i would n't use
certs do n't really matter to me so i would n't take take the cert as an add .
will be home in a little less than an hour to make the swap .
from the lyrics to the production and even to the album art it 's genius .
i have such a deep respect and appreciation for this album not to mention she released it for free .
it 's really devastating that she did n't continue this route her younger now image is cringy .
especially to tell you if someone you do n't follow and/or does n't follow you has been visiting your profile ?
i was checking out someone 's insta account perhaps a bit too often and suddenly it 's private .
i 'm paranoid that they know i 'd been visiting it on the daily and got freaked out and made it private ! !
he does n't do much for let 's plays but he has great lore vids for all of the fallouts especially 4 although he 's making more and more for 3 and nv .
ik he also has a twitch channel but i have never watched it .
but anyways he releases 1 vid a day usually an episode of his scotch and smoke rings series and they are usually at least 20 minutes long and always high quality .
please check round 3 for the results and next poll .
i have made that easy joke so many times it feels redundant to try and highlight it .
what is interesting though is that for the first time the most at risk song is not the intro unlike how it was for the first three nsp music survivors .
instead kirby 's adventures in reamland holds a steady following of people already trying to take it down .
lets see if history will repeat with the intro going out or if a new challenger should fall .
here are the results of round 1 40 votes were collected
it 's dangerous to go alone 0 votes 0 most liked award
kirby 's adventures in reamland 10 votes 25 most at risk
the simple plot of final fantasy vii 0 votes 0 most liked award
we are voting out the worst songs on starbomb 's debut album one by one a la survivor until only the best song remains .
cast your vote at the top if you want to be a part of this .
this poll will be open until just after midnight central time
hey all sorry to bother but as i 'm fairly new to the series playing mh4u i 've recently started using the switch axe and loving it .
i currently have the high rank gore set but i feel like it was a poor choice to make can anyone recommend a good set or mix for a switch axe user as myself ?
i 'm at hr 6 in caravan and 5 online .
your servers have been disconnecting for over a year .
none of your support team 's workarounds '' work .
it 's ridiculous that you 've allowed such a glaring big to persist for over a year .
edit strangely someone is downvoting this post and my comments in it .
are you really annoyed that someone is pointing out a glaring bug ?
today was my first potless day in quiet some time .
i 've only missed like a week in the last 2 years because i went on vacation .
it just felt like the time for a tiny t break .
ss https s.metjm.net/ezfhasc.jpg tradelink https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=169883275 token=ekp3bl-t b/o 480 keys or more in items
to use this code go into mog station then your account and click option register friend code and input this code.there are several bonuses that you can get from friend codes like gear and emotes.ps code will only work if you have not paid for a subscription/added game time card to your account yet .
please check round 3 for the results and next poll .
i have made that easy joke so many times it feels redundant to try and highlight it .
what is interesting though is that for the first time the most at risk song is not the intro unlike how it was for the first three nsp music survivors .
instead kirby 's adventures in reamland holds a steady following of people already trying to take it down .
lets see if history will repeat with the intro going out or if a new challenger should fall .
here are the results of round 1 40 votes were collected
it 's dangerous to go alone 0 votes 0 most liked award
kirby 's adventures in reamland 10 votes 25 most at risk
the simple plot of final fantasy vii 0 votes 0 most liked award
we are voting out the worst songs on starbomb 's debut album one by one a la survivor until only the best song remains .
cast your vote at the top if you want to be a part of this .
this poll will be open until just after midnight central time
got a nice 14 green layer onion field 40 fields total going working on my exo 5 badge .
question if i blow up both anchors can i regain the 40 fields by re-onioning or will the links between the other portals block me ?
imagine a single player of a game like battlefield but its slow and kinda boring but out of nowhere artillery and then nothing and then some more arty and then boom nazis .
chummer issues the knowledge 'music ' is an interest but it wo n't stay locked for me .
also the nanite hunters are the ones tied to the hard nanohive it just was n't showing up on the sheet when i attached it as a plugin .
i have n't played in awhile and wanted to get back into pvp .
i was wondering what healing and dps classes are good for rbgs .
also if you know of a good webpage for this info it would be much appreciated .
that right there is a situation the multi-shadow shot should be a major advantage instead the warlock blinks away from what should have been a 100 tether and the second player shrugs off a direct hit for the win .
even had i been at full shield my super would not have given me any advantage in that situation to be honest it looks like i was gon na fall off the map because lf that stupid uncontrollable glide .
195:6.1 2076.6 scientists have unintentionally precipitated mankind into a materialistic panic they have started an unthinking run on the moral bank of the ages but this bank of human experience has vast spiritual resources it can stand the demands being made upon it .
only unthinking men become panicky about the spiritual assets of the human race .
when the materialistic-secular panic is over the religion of jesus will not be found bankrupt .
the spiritual bank of the kingdom of heaven will be paying out faith hope and moral security to all who draw upon it in his name.
195:6.2 2076.7 no matter what the apparent conflict between materialism and the teachings of jesus may be you can rest assured that in the ages to come the teachings of the master will fully triumph .
in reality true religion can not become involved in any controversy with science it is in no way concerned with material things .
religion is simply indifferent to but sympathetic with science while it supremely concerns itself with the scientist .
195:6.3 2076.8 the pursuit of mere knowledge without the attendant interpretation of wisdom and the spiritual insight of religious experience eventually leads to pessimism and human despair .
195:6.4 2076.9 at the time of this writing the worst of the materialistic age is over the day of a better understanding is already beginning to dawn .
the higher minds of the scientific world are no longer wholly materialistic in their philosophy but the rank and file of the people still lean in that direction as a result of former teachings .
but this age of physical realism is only a passing episode in man 's life on earth .
modern science has left true religion — the teachings of jesus as translated in the lives of his believers — untouched .
all science has done is to destroy the childlike illusions of the misinterpretations of life .
195:6.5 2077.1 science is a quantitative experience religion a qualitative experience as regards man 's life on earth .
science deals with phenomena religion with origins values and goals .
to assign causes as an explanation of physical phenomena is to confess ignorance of ultimates and in the end only leads the scientist straight back to the first great cause — the universal father of paradise .
195:6.6 2077.2 the violent swing from an age of miracles to an age of machines has proved altogether upsetting to man .
the cleverness and dexterity of the false philosophies of mechanism belie their very mechanistic contentions .
the fatalistic agility of the mind of a materialist forever disproves his assertions that the universe is a blind and purposeless energy phenomenon .
195:6.7 2077.3 the mechanistic naturalism of some supposedly educated men and the thoughtless secularism of the man in the street are both exclusively concerned with things they are barren of all real values sanctions and satisfactions of a spiritual nature as well as being devoid of faith hope and eternal assurances .
one of the great troubles with modern life is that man thinks he is too busy to find time for spiritual meditation and religious devotion .
195:6.8 2077.4 materialism reduces man to a soulless automaton and constitutes him merely an arithmetical symbol finding a helpless place in the mathematical formula of an unromantic and mechanistic universe .
but whence comes all this vast universe of mathematics without a master mathematician ?
science may expatiate on the conservation of matter but religion validates the conservation of men 's souls — it concerns their experience with spiritual realities and eternal values .
195:6.9 2077.5 the materialistic sociologist of today surveys a community makes a report thereon and leaves the people as he found them .
nineteen hundred years ago unlearned galileans surveyed jesus giving his life as a spiritual contribution to man 's inner experience and then went out and turned the whole roman empire upside down .
195:6.10 2077.6 but religious leaders are making a great mistake when they try to call modern man to spiritual battle with the trumpet blasts of the middle ages .
religion must provide itself with new and up-to-date slogans .
neither democracy nor any other political panacea will take the place of spiritual progress .
false religions may represent an evasion of reality but jesus in his gospel introduced mortal man to the very entrance upon an eternal reality of spiritual progression .
195:6.11 2077.7 to say that mind emerged from matter explains nothing .
if the universe were merely a mechanism and mind were unapart from matter we would never have two differing interpretations of any observed phenomenon .
the concepts of truth beauty and goodness are not inherent in either physics or chemistry .
a machine can not know much less know truth hunger for righteousness and cherish goodness .
195:6.12 2077.8 science may be physical but the mind of the truth-discerning scientist is at once supermaterial .
matter knows not truth neither can it love mercy nor delight in spiritual realities .
moral convictions based on spiritual enlightenment and rooted in human experience are just as real and certain as mathematical deductions based on physical observations but on another and higher level .
195:6.13 2077.9 if men were only machines they would react more or less uniformly to a material universe .
195:6.14 2077.10 the fact of the absolute mechanism of paradise at the center of the universe of universes in the presence of the unqualified volition of the second source and center makes forever certain that determiners are not the exclusive law of the cosmos .
materialism is there but it is not exclusive mechanism is there but it is not unqualified determinism is there but it is not alone .
195:6.15 2078.1 the finite universe of matter would eventually become uniform and deterministic but for the combined presence of mind and spirit .
the influence of the cosmic mind constantly injects spontaneity into even the material worlds .
195:6.16 2078.2 freedom or initiative in any realm of existence is directly proportional to the degree of spiritual influence and cosmic-mind control that is in human experience the degree of the actuality of doing the father 's will. and so when you once start out to find god that is the conclusive proof that god has already found you .
195:6.17 2078.3 the sincere pursuit of goodness beauty and truth leads to god .
and every scientific discovery demonstrates the existence of both freedom and uniformity in the universe .
the thing discovered is real and apparently uniform or else it could not have become known as a thing .
195:7.1 2078.4 how foolish it is for material-minded man to allow such vulnerable theories as those of a mechanistic universe to deprive him of the vast spiritual resources of the personal experience of true religion .
facts never quarrel with real spiritual faith theories may .
better that science should be devoted to the destruction of superstition rather than attempting the overthrow of religious faith — human belief in spiritual realities and divine values .
195:7.2 2078.5 science should do for man materially what religion does for him spiritually extend the horizon of life and enlarge his personality .
true science can have no lasting quarrel with true religion .
the scientific method is merely an intellectual yardstick wherewith to measure material adventures and physical achievements .
but being material and wholly intellectual it is utterly useless in the evaluation of spiritual realities and religious experiences .
195:7.3 2078.6 the inconsistency of the modern mechanist is if this were merely a material universe and man only a machine such a man would be wholly unable to recognize himself as such a machine and likewise would such a machine-man be wholly unconscious of the fact of the existence of such a material universe .
the materialistic dismay and despair of a mechanistic science has failed to recognize the fact of the spirit-indwelt mind of the scientist whose very supermaterial insight formulates these mistaken and self-contradictory concepts of a materialistic universe .
195:7.4 2078.7 paradise values of eternity and infinity of truth beauty and goodness are concealed within the facts of the phenomena of the universes of time and space .
but it requires the eye of faith in a spirit-born mortal to detect and discern these spiritual values .
195:7.5 2078.8 the realities and values of spiritual progress are not a psychologic projection — a mere glorified daydream of the material mind .
such things are the spiritual forecasts of the indwelling adjuster the spirit of god living in the mind of man .
and let not your dabblings with the faintly glimpsed findings of relativity disturb your concepts of the eternity and infinity of god .
and in all your solicitation concerning the necessity for self-expression do not make the mistake of failing to provide for adjuster-expression the manifestation of your real and better self .
195:7.6 2079.1 if this were only a material universe material man would never be able to arrive at the concept of the mechanistic character of such an exclusively material existence .
this very mechanistic concept of the universe is in itself a nonmaterial phenomenon of mind and all mind is of nonmaterial origin no matter how thoroughly it may appear to be materially conditioned and mechanistically controlled .
195:7.7 2079.2 the partially evolved mental mechanism of mortal man is not overendowed with consistency and wisdom .
man 's conceit often outruns his reason and eludes his logic .
195:7.8 2079.3 the very pessimism of the most pessimistic materialist is in and of itself sufficient proof that the universe of the pessimist is not wholly material .
both optimism and pessimism are concept reactions in a mind conscious of values as well as of facts .
if the universe were truly what the materialist regards it to be man as a human machine would then be devoid of all conscious recognition of that very fact .
without the consciousness of the concept of values within the spirit-born mind the fact of universe materialism and the mechanistic phenomena of universe operation would be wholly unrecognized by man .
one machine can not be conscious of the nature or value of another machine .
195:7.9 2079.4 a mechanistic philosophy of life and the universe can not be scientific because science recognizes and deals only with materials and facts .
man is a material fact of nature but his life is a phenomenon which transcends the material levels of nature in that it exhibits the control attributes of mind and the creative qualities of spirit .
195:7.10 2079.5 the sincere effort of man to become a mechanist represents the tragic phenomenon of that man 's futile effort to commit intellectual and moral suicide .
195:7.11 2079.6 if the universe were only material and man only a machine there would be no science to embolden the scientist to postulate this mechanization of the universe .
such a scientific piece of work could be executed only by some entity of supermachine status .
195:7.12 2079.7 if universe reality is only one vast machine then man must be outside of the universe and apart from it in order to recognize such a fact and become conscious of the insight of such an evaluation .
195:7.13 2079.8 if man is only a machine by what technique does this man come to believe or claim to know that he is only a machine ?
the experience of self-conscious evaluation of one 's self is never an attribute of a mere machine .
a self-conscious and avowed mechanist is the best possible answer to mechanism .
if materialism were a fact there could be no self-conscious mechanist .
it is also true that one must first be a moral person before one can perform immoral acts .
195:7.14 2079.9 the very claim of materialism implies a supermaterial consciousness of the mind which presumes to assert such dogmas .
a mechanism might deteriorate but it could never progress .
machines do not think create dream aspire idealize hunger for truth or thirst for righteousness .
they do not motivate their lives with the passion to serve other machines and to choose as their goal of eternal progression the sublime task of finding god and striving to be like him .
machines are never intellectual emotional aesthetic ethical moral or spiritual .
195:7.15 2079.10 art proves that man is not mechanistic but it does not prove that he is spiritually immortal .
art is mortal morontia the intervening field between man the material and man the spiritual .
poetry is an effort to escape from material realities to spiritual values .
195:7.16 2080.1 in a high civilization art humanizes science while in turn it is spiritualized by true religion — insight into spiritual and eternal values .
art represents the human and time-space evaluation of reality .
religion is the divine embrace of cosmic values and connotes eternal progression in spiritual ascension and expansion .
the art of time is dangerous only when it becomes blind to the spirit standards of the divine patterns which eternity reflects as the reality shadows of time .
true art is the effective manipulation of the material things of life religion is the ennobling transformation of the material facts of life and it never ceases in its spiritual evaluation of art .
195:7.17 2080.2 how foolish to presume that an automaton could conceive a philosophy of automatism and how ridiculous that it should presume to form such a concept of other and fellow automatons !
195:7.18 2080.3 any scientific interpretation of the material universe is valueless unless it provides due recognition for the scientist .
no appreciation of art is genuine unless it accords recognition to the artist .
no evaluation of morals is worth while unless it includes the moralist .
no recognition of philosophy is edifying if it ignores the philosopher and religion can not exist without the real experience of the religionist who in and through this very experience is seeking to find god and to know him .
likewise is the universe of universes without significance apart from the i am the infinite god who made it and unceasingly manages it .
195:7.19 2080.4 mechanists — humanists — tend to drift with the material currents .
idealists and spiritists dare to use their oars with intelligence and vigor in order to modify the apparently purely material course of the energy streams .
195:7.20 2080.5 science lives by the mathematics of the mind music expresses the tempo of the emotions .
religion is the spiritual rhythm of the soul in time-space harmony with the higher and eternal melody measurements of infinity .
religious experience is something in human life which is truly supermathematical .
195:7.21 2080.6 in language an alphabet represents the mechanism of materialism while the words expressive of the meaning of a thousand thoughts grand ideas and noble ideals — of love and hate of cowardice and courage — represent the performances of mind within the scope defined by both material and spiritual law directed by the assertion of the will of personality and limited by the inherent situational endowment .
195:7.22 2080.7 the universe is not like the laws mechanisms and the uniformities which the scientist discovers and which he comes to regard as science but rather like the curious thinking choosing creative combining and discriminating scientist who thus observes universe phenomena and classifies the mathematical facts inherent in the mechanistic phases of the material side of creation .
neither is the universe like the art of the artist but rather like the striving dreaming aspiring and advancing artist who seeks to transcend the world of material things in an effort to achieve a spiritual goal .
195:7.23 2080.8 the scientist not science perceives the reality of an evolving and advancing universe of energy and matter .
the artist not art demonstrates the existence of the transient morontia world intervening between material existence and spiritual liberty .
the religionist not religion proves the existence of the spirit realities and divine values which are to be encountered in the progress of eternity .
nothing like taking it up the ass because your entire team quits and leaves you stranded .
over and over and over and over and over and over again .
i play with a fire team when i can but the first 4 iron banner games this morning featured human garbage that quit at the first sign of adversity .
if we are n't going to punish the pussies who do n't have the backbone to lose once in a while can bungie at least reward those of us who endure these games ?
maybe add a buff similar to the vanguard buff from destiny 1 where you had increased chances for legendaries et cetera ?
it happens and i hate that so many players immediately resort to quitting because their fragile ego ca n't take a loss .
but the bad losses are what make winning feel so good .
i got this dull faint pain in my testicle and it kind of reminds me of the pain i got when i was diagnozed with tc .
i had this before and in my first check there was no sign of the cancer but this still freaks me out .
my next check up is in 2 weeks but i 'm worried i have tc again .
i like most people came to this fifa excited .
the demo felt like they 'd really freshened things up and on release squad battles just blew me away .
the innovation of the ai was breath-taking i actually felt like i was playing an unpredictable opponent almost human in fact .
only without all the annoying quirks a human player brings the constant pauses watching every replay dabbing ... yada yada yada .
to this point i have still only played 2 games against human opposition .
as someone else posted this was the perfect game for dad 's and those of us with significant others who crook the eyebrow at the sound of the ps/xbox 's whirring fans .
well i 'm over 30 games in and i 've already had enough .
i 'm not sure whether this is a post-patch problem as i came late to the party and only enjoyed a couple of days before we reverted back to familiar patterns .
my fundamental problem is the overwhelming cheating at the heart of this mode .
now you can call me shit or whatever i 'm not great but i managed elite 3 and was happy with that accomplishment .
i 've played professional world class and legendary and i honestly struggle to tell the difference between the three levels at times .
it 's so tiring to watch the ball magically and sometimes majestically find it 's way back to opposition every damn time in this instance when i say every i mean 90 of the time which is enough to feel like it 's a constant .
the fouling is just an admission that you will be cheated every single game .
in over 30 matches i have been awarded four fouls and never once has the ai been booked .
i 've conceded about fifteen penalties so far nearly all for tapping block tackle .
i 'm conceding penalties for moving my player next to the ai .
it is bitterly disappointing because at release i felt ea has done some really good work with the ai .
they were inventive and unpredictable would sometimes even make mistakes .
now their play is almost flawless and the cheating that goes with it makes the game an ultimately joyless arduous chore .
finishing my first week with elite 3 and getting mamadou sahko as my best pull was enough to kill any intention i had of sticking with this mirthless mode .
you do n't have to agree in fact it 's probably better for debate that you do n't .
so i 've come across this post https www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/75cupe/the_absurdly_underestimated_dangers_of_csv ? st=j8lf8l66 sh=d0f65c9e in r/programming .
the upshot of the post is if you type '=cmd ' c calc ' ! a0 ' without the first and last quotes into a cell press yes on the warning this is safe but you will need admin access edit you do n't and the command line will open the calculator application .
the things you could do with this are pretty much unlimited .
now obviously the idea of giving non clued-up users this power is outrageously unsafe indeed that is the message behind the post i linked .
it got me thinking though does anyone use command line arguments in either formulas or macros ?
if so what type of things do you use them for ?
i have used vba to run .bat files in the past which has been useful .
when jiren aroused his ki everyone felt it 's huge power .
one of the kai said jiren could n't have become so strong with just normal training .
however we know frieza reached ssb level with normal training in 4 months so either that was this kais opinion or he 's ignorant to the species that frieza and jiren belong too and their high potentials .
when goku went full power ssb no one responded to his power because normal beings ca n't feel god ki .
i think this still holds because the spectators were saying goku could use kkx20 which means they did n't feel the huge increase and realize he was in kkx20 already except beerus and whis of course .
so we have normal people feeling jirens power but only gods feeling gokus .
does jiren not have god ki and he 's basically what frieza would have been if he trained his whole life ?
i 've seen battery tests in youtube comparing video playback on ios devices vs. android devices such as the s8 one etc ... and it seems that on ios youtube playing video is a much more battery hog like 2 or 3 more than on android .
is this because of the codecs that the youtube app uses or is general video playback very costly compared to android ?
i 'm a 293 titan currently looking for people to play with in the nz/aus timezone would be great if anyone is keen to raid or nightfall and i 'm currently trying to get the iron banner seasonal reward .
unfortunately i do n't actually know anyone playing d2 on ps4 ! !
if your keen flick me a message or add samk115 on psn .
colonists refuse to work and can not chop down trees no fail message or anything just gets to the end of the progress bar and nothing happens .
has anyone here got experience of doing this themselves ?
i 've seen a few mods of ps4s on youtube but it would be good to get any insight from folks here who have done it .
right now i 'm thinking of simply cutting a 92/120mm hole on the case where the fan is and fitting a filter .
as standard the fan draws airflow from the case events and this ca n't be optimal .
for me it just makes the whole thlng more confusing and scary because i usually end up wanting to have sex with my closest friends and they 're the people i 'm most scared of losing .
walking super rare 5km pokemom is so unrewarding its going to take me nearly 600km of walking to get an ampharos only ever hatched on and never seen on in the wild .
pinap berries already double double candy output of wild mons so why not make then also make your buddy find 2 berries each 1/3/5km
i listen to history podcasts so i like listening to the podcasts in order or it does n't make as much sense .
used to be i could just click on the episode i want and the app would just keep streaming episodes in order until i told it to stop .
did n't have to download them did n't have to set up a play list or play next .
for no real reason ios 11 made this stupidly complicated and/or impossible .
i bought this app because i heard it was great .
but i have n't found a way to do these simple tasks .
i can stream an episode but once that episode is over it will stop unless i go through and select the next x episodes to play next .
stattrak™ galil ar kami 0.2395 ft crown on body metjm https s.metjm.net/yand2i7.jpg 8
ak-47 red laminate 0.3697 ft fnatic katowice 2014 on back natus vincere holo katowice 2014 3 .
usp-s stainless 0.3340 ww 3x kato vox eminor above handle hellraisers on tip clan-mystik on handle metjm https s.metjm.net/m2jepvo.jpg 7
please post comment on profile if u add me without offer .
description nitro 's cold brew coffee e-liquid presents their super sweet white chocolate mocha a cool sweet coffee non menthol and rich treat combined with a delicious aroma .
description the milkman has taken a warm toasted fruit tart thrown it into a blender with a dollop of delicious vanilla bean ice cream and a splash of fresh milk delivering a truly sensational flavor right to your taste buds in a delicious vapable 99 vg bottle .
tantalizingly complex and a perfect bridge between breakfast cereal flavors and dessert flavors this is definitely a flavor you do n't want to miss .
well balanced and extremely delicious the milkman always delivers a perfect all day vape experience 60 milliliters at a time !
description meteor milk by space jam hails from their new high vg green label line presenting a trio of strawberry delicious flavors that are comprised of smooth strawberry ice cream silky strawberry syrup and plump juicy strawberries .
i would like to ask you guys about the river district campaign .
as we know theres the bottom line that reduces the cost of eoe .
the eoe is the currency needed to open the boons .
i would like to know what 's the best way to reach max boons considering i 'm not getting the weapon .
i mean should i open any of the bottom lines or just go straight without touching it ?
i 'm asking it cuz we spend 125 at each time to make it become 50 for the next ones but is it worth ?
did n't make any math on that i 'm just asking to see if someone already found it out .
can you enable multicore enhancement on the i5 8400 ?
it forces the first core boost frequency to the other 5 cores ?
it just enables the default boost frequency to all cores before the cpu actually has usage ?
i have n't started my career yet and i will only do it if there are no game breaking glitches .
so what 's the current state of the game ?
i read that there was a glitch when disabling the first summer transfer window for example ...
i 've never sold anything on the opskins site .
so if i sell my knife there the buyer after having the knife can cancel the payment on paypal ?
and then i do n't have nor the knife nor the money
been looking to see if anyone was able to grab some high res screenshots from ep4 ?
i saw there were a few from eps 1-3 but can not remember who posted them .
more specifically a high res version of this shot ?
if anyone who owns this can hook me up i 'd appreciate it so much .
everybody 's circlejerkin over asian jake paulie but no one has brought any attention to his still-in-development what 's in the box '' series .
as far as i remember we had deduced it to be some kind of alan resnick-esque story and there was even hidden code in one of his videos but i have n't seen or heard anything on it in months .
ian had gone on record saying there will be more and that the story is n't dead .
with the trust decreasing in banks and credit institutions if tezos gets popular i can see many people getting into tezos to earn interest .
i 'm thinking of never selling a portion of my tezos tokens and earn interest this way .
with the possibility of crypto rising in the next couple of years including tezos .
this way the xtz i 'm holding is more worth and i am earning interest on them which will offer more than a traditional bank especially in the beginning i recon the interest rates will be pretty high .
so i 've got to a point with my bundesliga team where i cant really upgrade any of the positions unless it 's alaba neuer lewa ribery etc
so my question is which league shall i start building a second team around which one has the best value for coins if it helps i play 4-1-2-1-2
apologies for this being so long i just know i love reading trip reports to help plan so i hope others do too .
a little background two adults on this trip me and my mom .
it was our first trip there in about 8 years so we were new to the fast pass plus system .
i did a lot of the planning with the help of a travel agent to help me know how to work the fp system .
wedensday 10/5 flew standby for earlier flights—got to the world 2 hours earlier than expected !
we took a lyft over to the swan and checked in around 6:30 .
the wonderful cast member gave my mom and i each a free drink coupon .
the beds were amazing and there was a lot of storage !
the room had a single serve coffee maker as well .
after unpacking we headed out to the boardwalk to explore around .
i did n't know when we would be getting in so i did n't make any reservations .
we ended up going to big river grille and ordered 2 hamburgers for takeout .
while waiting we had a glass of wine at the bar .
we took our burgers out to the boardwalk and sat on a bench and watched the various performers it was lovely !
we then watched illuminations from the bridge in between the board walk and beach club .
it was then back to the room to get some sleep !
thursday 10/6 we woke up around 6:15 from pure excitement .
we found some breakfast at the beach club and ate under a cover watching the pool .
after that we explored the epcot area resorts then took an early bus around 9 to disney springs .
we walked around the empty springs in the rain for about an hour until it opened then we went into some shops .
around 11:30 we took a bus from disney springs to animal kingdom lodge .
we explored that resort and then headed to kidani village for lunch—it was an amazing environment and the food was phenomenal .
we ordered the bread service and split the butter chicken .
we then went back to jambo house to pick up some zebra domes from mara and enjoyed those in the lobby .
we then ordered an uber to take us to the contemporary where we explored the resort and then took a sit break with a cup of coffee .
around 3:30 we walked over to the magic kingdom for mnsshp !
we had 2 fast passes to jungle cruise and peter pan and then grabbed dinner at peco 's bill prior to the party .
we split an order of chips and the chicken burrito it was plenty of food and the toppings bar was amazing !
we rode nearly every ride that we wanted to with only 5-10 minute waits .
the parade and hallowishes were phenomenal and we got a lot of candy !
we left early after hallowishes to get some sleep we are not night people !
friday 10/7 we woke up around 6:30 and grabbed breakfast from picabu in the dolphin .
we ate that in the dolphin lobby which was gorgeous .
we then headed over to the international gateway to rope drop epcot .
we had 3 fast passes to soarin spaceship earth and living with the land .
we went to frozen first and had no wait it was a beautiful ride that nearly moved me to tears .
even if you do n't like frozen i recommend checking it out .
we then ran over to test track that had about a 10 minute wait .
it was our first time on it after it being reimagined we loved designing a car !
later in the day we were able to snag an extra fast pass to test track .
besides riding all the rides with minimal waits thank you line app !
we explored the countries and ate our way through food and wine for lunch and dinner .
we loved the pistachio cake from india and the duck bao bun from china was another favorite .
we left the park around 8:30 to get some much needed sleep .
saturday 10/8 we woke up early around 6 to get ready for magic kingdom which opened at 8 .
we had coffee and some almonds to hold us over so we could have waffles in the park .
we got on a bus that left at 6:52 and then waited in line they let us into the park at 7:45 .
we watched the opening show and then made the odd choice of going to winnie the pooh first it was one of the few rides we did n't do at mnsshp .
we then split a fruit and nutella waffle and hit our first 2 fast passes big thunder and the 7 dwarves .
before 9 am we were able to get on space mountatin and buzz with minimal waits .
we mainly explored main street hit the fast passes and then went to our lunch reservation at be our guest .
the restaurant was amazing and the food was great .
we split the pork dish an order of fries and the grey stuff cupcake .
we then went to our last fp to space mountain .
after that we did carousel of progress and got stuck in the 40 's and did n't get to finish the ride .
we then took the monorail over to epcot for dinner at food and wine .
it was super crowded there too with a lot of drunk people .
we loved the avocado crema and the cheese and stout dip .
it then started to pour so we sheltered under an umbrella and then hopped back to the monorail to mk .
transport took about 45 minutes because of heavy rain .
while on the monorail i got a fp to small world which was great to give us a rain break .
around 8:30 we headed to main street to gather for happily ever after .
it was delayed about 10 minutes due to lightning but kept on despite the rain .
this show was phenomenal i definitely cried during the you 'll be in my heart scene .
we then headed back to the resort for a much needed shower after being rained on for the past 3 hours .
sunday 10/8 we woke up early and got breakfast at picabu again .
we then went to the ropedrop at hollywood studios at 8am for emh .
disclaimer we are not starwars fans so we did not want to see a lot here .
we went to rock n ' roller coaster first our favorite and then to toy story which had a surprisingly long 45 minute wait around 8:20 .
we then grabbed a carrot cake cookie and headed out of the park .
we got an uber from there to animal kingdom .
my lines app predicted our wait to navi river would only be 50 minutes at 10am but when we got there at 10 it was 150 minutes .
we started in the line and then some disney magic happened to allow us the chance to have more time in our day .
we saw navi river and then rode flight of passage .
fop left me speechless definitely and incredible and unique experience .
we then split a roast beef bowl at satuli canteen .
again the park was super crowded but we were able to see the safari everest tough to be a bug and dinosaur .
we had tiffins river of light dining package reservations at 4:15 .
i got the waygu striploin and highly recommend that .
the package was a good deal for the amount of food we got 1 appetizer 1 entre and 1 dessert a person for 65 .
we then hit our fop fast pass and explored pandora in the evening .
then it was time for rivers of light—i think i missed the storyline of the show but it was incredibly done nonetheless .
it started raining prior to the show but it went on without a hitch .
it was then back to the resort to pack up and sleep .
monday 10/9 woke up at 3am for a 5:20 flight ... ..still recovering from this .
main takeaways i would definitely stay at the swan again .
it was amazing and affordable compared to other epcot area resorts .
i did not miss the meal plan we split most of our entrees and had plenty of food .
the fast pass plus system is tricky but with a lot of planning we were able to avoid a ton of lines .
mnsshp was definitely worth it we are not super into halloween aka did n't dress up but it allowed us to see all of mk on a short time frame .
i 'd be happy to answer any other questions as well !
also how is it so easy to write 1,500 words on disney but when i sit down to write my thesis my brain stops working ? ?
after we finish lmop i am planning on starting a new adventure in a homebrew setting .
a lot of the fun for me in roleplaying games comes from discovering cool things finding quest hooks and piecing together information about the world .
i would like to incorporate that core engagement into this adventure if my players want to that is .
i was having a hard time figuring out how to do that .
several searches of google and reddit presented many different people asking this very same question and it seems most of the responses boiled down to one of these
skip it and just narrate the travel with one or two sentences
while i liked these suggestions i was worried that they failed to solve the core of the problem which is that many times overland travel is meaningless and tedious .
but then someone on r/dndnext linked the angry gm 's post on overland travel http theangrygm.com/getting-there-is-half-the-fun and it seems to be precisely the resource i was hoping for .
i love how he simplified the system removed pointless checks incorporated strategic decision-making made resource management important without being cumbersome and included exploration and points of interest .
however before i use it in my game i wanted to get a second opinion .
tl dr has anyone else used the angry gm 's overland travel system or one like it ?
are there any other travel systems or mechanics you would recommend ?
you would have done it if you prioritized the res .
the res would have restarted the death clock giving you a new 30 second timer .
i saw that i looked at their account when they posted it and they posted nowhere else .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think it would be classified as the same thing additionally having denatured alcohol as the second ingredient is not going to help your skin .
it would be much better to invest in a bha properly formulated like the pc options the ordinary cosrx stridex etc
i find it interesting batista is trying to actually lay the foundation for becoming a character actor .
i 'm not convinced he actually has the chops yet but he 's a lot of fun in guardians of the galaxy and he was very good in his brief part in blade runner 2049 .
but that 's the best cash back i can get .
also you can diy the screen it is n't hard
i hope i have a summer house some day .
some armor like how the officer thomas lasky halo 4 5 has on his uniform would be nice .
do n't bar the 5th play it with 2 and 3 with your thumb on the e. it puts your hand in a good position to hit the rest of the chords you just have to practice transitioning into the low thumb position .
are you on that big bang show congratulations i wish you dead .
oh shit i had n't noticed that i thought it was the brazilian flag for a minute there .
this is like saying we should ban all vending machines because some of them do n't return quarters .
took me a moment to realize it does n't count as a target and switched to rocket launcher .
i 've actually been reading up on him a lot these past couple of days .
he 's an interesting dude for sure but i really like him !
and sendejo 's biggest problem is everyone expects him to be harry .
imagine way back in the day on the battlefield where the other guys had those and you did n't .
i was under the impression it was widely known excel could do all sorts of nonsense from the warnings it gives you when you open downloaded excel files .
but either way it 's the program doing something weird not the file format .
i would n't blame .txt if word interpreted a ! vbscript ... at the beginning as a vb script macro .
also truly i have n't opened a csv file in excel or alikes in recent memory anyway as i 'd use a text editor to adhoc view and programmatic parsing through a csv is n't vulnerable to this though i may be an outlier
ok but actually some sort of negative '' quest that hurts you sounds like a really interesting design .
like you take a talent and it gives you a bonus up front but the more you use it or do something the bigger the drawback effects you .
i think they know this is the biggest episode of the season so they 're just trying to pump it up .
thus the marathon this coming weekend to try and get more people roped in .
the contest winner will be announced at the end of the trading session .
and also i know college of charleston has a good ec program .
so i 'm not the only one that had x58 mobo issues then .
luckily mine only had 5 dead ram slots and one working pcie .
not worth the hassle just more fiddly bits to break down on you
my mom 's neighbors filed a restraining order after she called the police on them twice in 4 months .
a few hours later the neighbors left a note telling my mom they were going to get a restraining order against her if she calls the cops again .
threatening to do something and actually doing it are not the same thing .
not to mention stupid expensive gas every time i 'm over there in the summer
what if a deal that benefits the uk also benefits the eu ?
i 've not heard that anyone in europe wanted to intentionnaly hurt the uk .
i 've heard that the uk will be hurt by brexit but as a statement not as a wish .
problem is what the eu wants and what the uk wants are quite different .
i feel like she 'll kill you and sell your body parts with that bio
i recently dumped my boyfriend for this very reason .
he 's majoring in astrophysics and i 'm not even going to school and not honestly sure if/when i will be .
i knew i was holding him back so i decided i had to break it off
an app to constantly remind of nearing deadlines commitments i 've made and just general plans and things i need to do because even with a planner i forget to write things down .
no without a doubt it is better in game a lot better .
just pointing out that just because it was banned on lan does n't mean it will be banned in-game .
be nice to wrel he can only copy so many things from other games w/o making a meaningful impact on the one he 's a dev for .
biased but i love demon hunter 's collapsing someone to hate this i know and not i .
jason smith because he 's been a god for me in 2k .
1 exploring a zillion procedural planets is not that enticing when they are just permutations of a set list of biomes and alien limbs .
2 terraria is just one planet so much better content density .
also investing time on a house is more appealing when it is on the same planet so you wo n't abandon it in space travels .
3 the movement and combat are very floaty and slow especially compared how crisp terraria felt .
sorry you had to play it on the genesis instead of snes
here comes a tiny problem i live in eu and it looks for me you live in the us .
around 11 pm and which is probably around 12ish pm at you .
☺️ i am about to head for my college .
but i am one right after the entire day .
i will msg you over ps when i 'm available
i found out about them maybe five or six years ago .
did the barest amount of research and decided it was too much work .
i also like fireflies in the garden chaos theory the change-up was n't very good but was pretty funny and smokin aces is awesome .
for the most part none of the other students you mentioned are governed under a body like the ncaa .
where is there an avenue for an athlete to get paid outside of their school without becoming a professional ?
i really do n't see any correlation between any of the students you mentioned and athletes .
i have yet to hear any good reason as to why an athlete should get paid to voluntarily play a sport in college ...
it is fine to argue that he meant to say something different .
it would be fine if he had n't run on the platform of saying what he means . ''
now they walk it back as well he did n't mean it like that even though that 's exactly what it sounds like ... ''
eh it 'll still take a bunch of them a while to figure out glamouring so those days are n't quite gone .
a few different reasons but when patrolling it helps spread goodwill and interaction with the community .
they can also go places faster than bicycle cops they control crowds by their size and force and will fight back if provoked unlike a bike they also have self preservation and will usually try not to die when carrying you bikes do n't do that .
want als het valt is dat gewoon de schuld van diederik
hmm not really ... i do more a b and sometime s. i seldon and do n't really fancy doing 3h missions actually .
and same like you mostly for cryst nrg bottles sc hc burst pots .
only 8 12 and 1d mission and i got adv v last week .
that does n't affect things when it comes to women .
my iq levels raised so high i gained an extra chromosome .
that makes up for the chromosome you were missing i guess .
for as many simpsons fans there are there are just as many people who are bent of describing how the simpsons is n't as good as it used to be '' .
i was waiting to give them the benefit of the doubt .
i 'm sure some of the mods are cool and there 's a bad actor .
however they 've closed ranks and are persisting in the abuse of power and so all are painted with the same brush .
anyone have any idea what happens if reddit is notified of mod bad behavior ?
you would think they would 've been doing checks all along .we can share the information with the foreign governments as well .
can this please be the banner for this sub until season 4 ?
because people born today are under the delusion that by the time they 're 16 all cars will drive themselves .
hell people nearing the age of 16 now are under that delusion .
i think it 'd have to come from someone like leer or another executive jet manufacturer .
at least boeing make other passenger aircraft even if they do n't make something comparable to the c-series .
afaik they do n't make any small executive jets at all .
there were a ton of saw movies most of them bad .
this one does n't look super great from the trailer one guy dies from a laser helmet ? ?
but i think people do still like the franchise .
i think it 'll be okay for a horror movie like 25-30 ow and 50 total .
stuff is located in different menus under settings than stock .
questioning the warning probably not the no ball as it obviously slipped out and was n't intentional
it 's been a couple months so i 'm mostly back .
still just focusing on myself by singing some ye hitting the gym and just making myself more interesting .
this is kind of a sexist attitude without a lot of comics backing for it actually ... polaris has also done those things you mentioned ... . and magneto did them in a what if '' type book as well .
yes magneto has more experience '' etc and might have more willpower even .
but polaris is basically the same i think she might use her powers a bit differently due to personality differences like each character uses the same power but specializes in different ways
nyc is to pizza as italy is to pasta .
it was n't invented there but they are the best at it .
i would love to be able to binge stranger things and black mirror in one weekend .
and i do n't know how old you are but stranger things seems meant for people my age generation x than for the millenials for those of us who were age-appropriate when the goonies first came out .
the thing is basically a love letter to us .
i think the problems started when the proud friends refused to stop teasing their other friends about it .
and when they brought it up as a problem their proud friends thought it was more important to stand by their pride than their friends .
hey baby if i were an enzyme i 'd be dna helicase so i could unzip your genes !
and on that note the jacksonville jags can eat a dick
and if we 're being honest there 's a lot of clemson fans in the atl area too ...
this looks as staged as most porn to me .
it lacks the raw passion that real sex and masturbation has .
i 've seen amateur stuff that can capture the emotion of real life but this does not do that .
eh i get the concern that old as fuck people like this do take up space younger people desperately need but people as old as this in city govs are pretty rare i reckon so it 's not really a big enough problem .
it was made to make people happy and i 'm glad to hear it worked for you .
may not work if they oversold the flight though right ?
cancelling a ticket is n't a guarantee of a seat opening afaik .
my parents particularly my dad give my wife and i shit sometimes because we keep our finances separate and i just send my wife money at the beginning of every month for the bills she pays typically the bills she pays end up totaling more than what i pay .
i get that it 's not the most conventional but it works .
continuing to ask for upvotes will result in a month ban .
if this is wrong please contact the mods here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frickandmorty with a link to your post to get it approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rickandmorty if you have any questions or concerns .
op zich is het goed dat belasting op actieve delen van een bedrijf energiegebruik bijvoorbeeld omhoog gaat en op passieve omlaag .
immers dan kan je zelf een afweging als bedrijf maken .
maar ik heb niet zelf het akkoord doorgenomen dus ik heb evenveel dan wel minder kennis dan jij erover .
i think being in a big market hurts college programs .
we are a big market team in the big east being located in chicago and we do nothing .
look at the top attendance programs last year and you see that they are the only act in town .
i think there are more programs that do well in small cities than big city schools .
right so that leaves me scrolling through 5 pages of incest before i find a non-incest one on pornhub though
it also means there 's some girls you 'll never see again since that 's the only thing they do anymore just like how some only do joi 's or whatever
i get why its profitable and i get there 's a demand for it i just think it ought to have its own tab so i can opt out of it easier that 's all i 'm saying .
going to preferences and checking i hate it '' on incest '' does n't do it apparently because i did that a year ago
just imagine going about in ecto 1 but in a gta type game now that would kick ass !
is n't ff9 where you move along a 3d battlefield ca n't control allies and have the license system .
that would be one i tried when i was just getting into video games and could n't remember which one .
farming plants is also necessary for animal fodder though .
less meat production less animal fodder less soil erosion .
as for soy dangers i heard the research on this is inconclusive and ca n't be called a danger .
now meat is in some cases actually carcinogenic and can lead to increased risk of diabetes and heart diseases .
i doubt they 'll blow up the fo 's hq again in the 2nd movie .
my money is on the mandator-class being used as an fob to stage the invasion of crait .
i would be willing to bet actual money that this guy is a millennial .
is glennon not capable of trotting 4 yards into the endzone ?
the progress for the milestone is account wide so you can play on all three and every package you open counts towards the seasonal reward .
that would be the end of trump towers in moscow .
shitty movie i 'm sure fishburne would like it to have never existence .
i do wonder about how this kind of monitoring could work once the majority of carriers have switched over to rcs and how messengers like whatsapp telegram and signal would handle rcs communications .
watch before buy phallosan forte review does phallosan forte works review of phallosan forte real review 2017
i always keep my personal stuff on my hard drives and work stuff on the cloud .
also people who use online password managers like lastpass are just asking for it .
do n't trust someone else 's hard drive with your private data especially if the only thing between your data and the public is a piece of code .
building all teams out of na pubstars exclusively instead would be the way to reach the absolute highest tier of gameplay in owl would n't it ?
i 'm shocked chile has struggled considering the talent and their back to back copa america victories .
it 's not theft if you are n't allowed to buy it in the first place .
why should you be allowed to own it to begin with ?
i have talked about money personal finance and retirement with friends family and colleagues and so far i have never regretted it .
i have friends who seem upset the moment my wife and i demonstrate any sort of financial stability or financial acuity beyond theirs .
i have a theory that many people think you can be too rich '' and make too much money '' when you have about 50 more than they do .
if the friends i knew understood what our actual net worth is i think it would seriously impair our friendship .
and while it 's easy to say get new friends '' some of these people are folks we have known for a while and outside of money issues are people we genuinely like .
one concern of mine is the number of people who would want to borrow '' money from us .
and the thing about fire is this while our net worth sounds like a hell of a lot to most people when you actually do the calculations it 's just enough to allow us to retire if we want to seriously limit our standard of living .
meaning for most of our friends a hell of a lot of money '' is for us realistically not enough .
and that dichotomy is hard to explain to those who may not have considered fire .
idk same reason i learned the civil war was about states rights not slavery .
do n't get me wrong i still really enjoyed season 1 i just think the cast/humor is meshing better now .
and ya they are definitely keeping it fresh in season 2 .
which i am really glad about because a show like this has to stay creative and new .
not as much as i hoped but i 'm currently held back by my monitor fps so that might change when i upgrade the monitor .
you 've already explained so doing it more wo n't help .
i grew up in a sort of similar situation only it 's my older sister who is not in contact with our father i still email him and i 'll get coffee with him if i 'm in his city .
however he knows talking about my mom or my sister is a really fast way to get me to walk away and not talk to him so he does n't anymore .
she still gets pressure to talk to him especially after her daughter was born but there 's fewer and fewer flying monkeys as the years go on .
considering everything you just said makes it very clear they were n't incompetent why were they then going far enough north to encounter icebergs in the first place ?
he 'd probably just resign ... saying we 're all commies and complain that we dont have fox .
it 's things like this that make me want to just get a tenant and save a headache .
not that it matter much since mere genin have weapons that can do this http 2.bp.blogspot.com/-rl2kazqt57m/wcvztp4gxui/aaaaaaacala/snfgrkxbl7sr8jf0c_uqvn3vqx5jom3sqchm/s16000/0059-003.png .
and here i did 15 x 6 2 x 6 90 12 102
at least they have the fucking decency to color over their friends ' faces .
in the u.s. you have to cross-reference 4 group pics only to find that you could have saved yourself the time by assuming it 's the fat one .
do you mean the aliens who may exist and live an impossibly long way away or the ones who visit the midwest and give people anal probes ?
but i 'm gon na go ahead and say pasta alla carbonara .
different opinions it 's what makes the world go round and hopefully maintains diversity ... of course on reddit there 's always the down vote button too that people use with arrogant abandon hahahaha
somehow i 'm skeptical that was the only reason he got a d
i really dig my delta 36-725 its a solid entry level saw with decent power a solid fence much better than the rigid imo and does everything i 've ever needed it to .
meanwhile i just caught a relicanth last night after 3 hours .
backpedaled wildly '' would be a great name for a band
i did n't look it up but i bet edm had close to 6-8 high-danger scoring chances in the 1st .
hellebyuck was brilliant the team was n't at all in spite of the two goals .
with the jets i ca n't really help but remain fixated on their defensive/nz play and whether they out-chanced their opponent or not .
our talent alone can produce goals in bunches even if we 're playing poorly case and point the 1st period .
but we were n't playing well imo until the 2nd and 3rd .
hvor er manden der jo skulle undertrykker hende til at gå med niqab ?
no he means he 'll pay someone to say his iq is 210 or something ridiculous .
just like he pays his doctor '' to say he 's in peak physical condition .
i use acrylic paints then go over it with aim powders .
sometimes i 'll follow that up with a very light white acrylic drybrushing .
looking at the old pics the difference in camera quality is really apparent .
and our theory of mind issues make it hard to realize .
also autism runs in families so there 's s decent chance your mom is at least a little on the spectrum mean she has trouble understanding stuff sometimes .
you getting mad about it is an overstimulation thing though so do what you can to avoid it but do n't beat yourself up over it .
i guess fogged and boxer pete did n't get that memo .
really good ideas i like all of them thanks a lot .
the movable shade would be a really nice gadget to have since most cars i saw have the cheap plastic ones that are fixed with suction cups .
to be honest something that could actually help people like wheel knobs would be my go-to project because helping people has been my motivation in college well that and cars p but i 'm having trouble coming up with a good improvement for them since they 're quite simple yet effective .
i 've been in romantic relationships did well in school am going to college and made friends that i love and go out with .
congrats that 's something i 'll never be able to say .
it 's not inherently racist usually looking at social issues based on one factor like race income gender is usually flawed as they all feed into each other .
i do n't see why anakin would n't just snap voldy 's wand with tk as he 'll soon figure out that 's the source of his magic .
good points and this gave me great ideas how to move forward with this idea .
i think the g men will have to game plan now for engram to be way more involved
so none is what you 're saying since multiple '' is n't an example .
so the shield reunited to face off against the miz ?
well somebody needs to figure this out because now i feel like i need these in my life i mean for my children .
i ca n't find any matches in google unfortunately .
for real i 've never ever seen a picture of a white person sticking their feet up like that .
it 's the most grounded i 've read in a while .
if we all became orange juice at once would we know we were orange juice
well hardwiring a pc to a tv is generally not something easy to do for most people as the two are in different rooms .
if that 's not the case for you great but do n't act like it 's normal .
also it is n't something that 's changed over time .
i could just as easily have done that a decade ago .
i assumed you meant streaming the content as that 's a relatively new solution .
does n't seem to do anything for weather so no .
although being able to see 10 hours ahead is generous enough for me i guess .
lohner better watch out if the book he 's had for a while now and suddenly got stolen .
ok but the vast majority of people playing games have school/work/social lives and can not spend the huge hours to unlock all the best stuff like a basement dwelling neet .
which means the game is n't fun for everybody else .
this system equalizes that somewhat loot boxes are random so somebody could unlock an awesome weapon in the very first one or the basement dweller can earn lots of credits and buy/craft the weapon instead .
if anybody is bummed they missed it cabela 's has the same gun od green or black threaded with ns for 30 more 579 .
and they 're still milder than text-books in secular '' egypt and most of the region for example
text-books also changed in the 80 's and introduced quite a lot of islamism yet turkey still survived .
chicken and waffles sounded insane to me until i tried it .
my gym shut down randomly one day and had to go find a new home at one of the busiest gyms in lansing .
you 'll just have more wannabe lifters mirin ya now
a list like yours could be useful for people with less time true .
this is not what i imagined the tomb of horrors to look like .
the eurocodes are so far only applicable to public structures not private ones .
there are plans on making they apply to private structures as well but i believe it would still only apply to things such as larger buildings not a private home most of the codes do n't make sense in application to a normal home .
captain build lmao i wouldnt play him as anything else unless it has insane cp/wp scaling .
we do n't hold back on how we feel if you mess up you will hear you will feel it and you will never forget it so you can learn from it .
there 's a reason why we 're the greatest fans in baseball and it 's because we do n't hold back .
old joe would 've left betances after those two walks the new and improved joe who did n't want to hear shit told betances to sit down and brought in tommy two-tone for the dubya and now we 're happy .
the vikings came here ate some mushrooms had visions of the future and decided to go back home .
my point is by powerlifting standards if they 're high then he just missed both reps .
how much content can you look at now and say yeah that was cut '' ?
how many games have dudes inviting you onto quests that turn out to be dlc ?
mass effect launched without any season pass or dlc planned .
pre-order crap did fade out too how many retailer specific bonuses compared to 5 years ago ?
deus ex mankind divided got dragged for doing the same thing as human revolution only letting you get y of x preorder bonuses only mk was shit on because they cut out the retailer specific part of it .
season passes are good you get a discount on buying all the dlc at once .
such an amazing artist really ahead of his time .
and the if there are multiple gods '' argument falls short .
you said you would not pray to other gods because you have already converted to god .
so you wo n't pray to other gods because you belong to this one and you belong to this one because you wo n't pray to other gods ?
that 's for personal use not for managed devices in an enterprise setting .
i have n't seen anyone who is in favour of excluding both neo yokio and pingu in the city from mal .
from what i 've seen people want at least one of those shows to be included for different reasons .
as for purity there are some long arguments on mal forums whether there was enough japanese involvement in neo yokio and how it compares to afro samurai and the moomins .
after digging a bit i do n't know if neo yokio is japanese enough for mal but i can surely say it 's more japanese than most other pseudo-animes .
even if it sometimes looks like some shitty deviantart drawings .
bargain hun a game show where contestants try to subjugate europe on a limited budget
wow i 'm actually not surprised to see your kind here .
i 'm just stating an apparently not so obvious fact and you said that i 'm victim blaming ?
i 'm not happy that she has to go through all this shit but the truth stand still you got ta be wary about the darkness that lurks inside this internet .
its cool though in like 2 years nobody will say that word anymore
i do n't think i could eat enough honey at a sitting for it to ever be a problematic quantity .
i 'm not sure you have many other options save to live with it or attempt to rig a solution on your own .
i ended up going here and i ended up leaving very happy
a game that was a 10 15 years ago would probably be a 4 now maximum .
ocarina of time is still a timeless classic that anyone can enjoy even today .
i 'm sure most zelda and final fantasy games would still be rated higher than a 4 even today .
the government are at fault for grenfell tower whether you believe my theory or not .
i 'm german so i know quark but i do n't see it around much in canada .
the yogic flyers was my all time favourite political party .
any flea or tick problem can be solved with the gasoline trick™ !
i try it all the time and it usually works .
step 1 get approximately 2 gallons of gasoline 1 is fine though .
step 2 mix with exactly one quart of lighter fluid
step 3 get a match and light yourself on fire .
now you do n't have to worry about fleas .
depends what your use case is but often is cheaper indeed .
rogic is a quality player troisi is shit but mooy is better than both .
it was been blown up in 2014 and hasnt been maintained since .
and if the idea that baghdad would make promises they have no capacity or intention to follow through with shocks you you havent been paying much attention to iraqi politics
quite honestly yes it is illegal but it is one of those things they look the other way in complying .
i know tons of people in the hagwon side of things and tons of people are teaching non conversational topics .
recently poly slp ecc and pagoda iirc which represent a large amount of the jobs out there are all simply renaming their classes which do n't fit the conversation only law .
so yes it 's illegal but do n't get the idea that only the shadiest if the shady are bending the rules .
many hagwons consider this like jaywalking ... a non issue until now as there is obviously a demand beyond conversation and if you take it or customers will simply go to the last competitor willing to risk it .
again i 'm not encouraging you to break the law but just know the realitiy of things .
shores of time in control had a clearly better side to control and defend your 2 points .
as far as i can tell in d2 pvp the meta is to just continually capture points rather than defend due to changed re-spawn mechanics so will be interesting to see how this goes .
in the us most people who use an agent for buying a house do n't technically hire them .
the standard arrangement is that the seller pays the broker .
brokers have a standard arrangement in which the listing broker the one hired by the seller agrees to split the commission with any other licensed broker who brings them a buyer who actually closes .
the result is that both agents the buyer 's and the seller 's have a responsibility to get the highest price for the seller .
most states have laws limiting that e.g. broker 's are n't allowed to keep secrets that a private seller might be able to .
but unless you hire a buyer 's agent you need to assume that the agent you use for house shopping is more motivated to sell houses at the highest price they can get as quickly as they can .
just kill whoever infected you make the punishment fit the crime
i would work on getting your head through and internally rotating your shoulders for a stronger lockout .
lascannon with twin plasma is a bad idea lacking the damage of double laz for almost the same point and it has the risk of blowing you up
it 's double assault cannons over laz/plaz any day .
why would i open source my bugfixes so you can steal them all for your own cashshop server ?
private servers are n't the little hobby projects some people seem to think they are .
they 're specifically for making money either by donation or cash shop .
this is why i can understand blizzard 's anger over private servers being run professionally .
its now nothing like when it was back when it was just a few hardcore fans wanting to play the original experience .
nobody in their right mind can tell me servers like warmane are run by hobbyists who just do it for the love of the game .
essentially they do n't mean anything unless you take them junior year .
if you take them junior year and do well it opens you up to the opportunity for certain scholarships .
sats are a standardized tests that are offered several times through at the school year .
they test you on vocabulary reading comprehension and math skills .
sats used to be very important for getting into college but several schools are now making applying sat optional .
she was already accepted to yale so i actually do n't know what would of happened if she failed her finals .
every school in america requires their students to take the sats if they 're planning on going to college .
i imagine most students have their students take the psats as well .
there 's also the acts which are required by most of the top universies .
off topic but what are your thoughts in the pump/res combo after a few months habe passend ?
just curious overall is sigil of bursting or malice more desired ?
i dislike facebook for the most part but he 's raising awareness about this post-catastrophe by using a new medium .
there is nothing 'evil ' or 'cold ' about that .
i feel like this is essentially just the virtual reality version of those commercials that try to raise awareness by showing guilt-inducing scissor reels of starving villages or the like .
youve made it very clear you dont have anything else to offer .
i 'm not interested in the rest of your fantasy and i 'm certainly not interested in talking economics with a welfare queen
i would love it if the errors vs code reports when doing this could somehow be aggregated on the console .
that way i can include it in my ci step and basically use typescript as a fancy linter without using the transpilation .
i suppose it must be possible somehow after all vs code is getting its info somewhere .
i just can not figure out how to do it nor can i find any documentation about it .
i 'm one of the dozen people who bought a vita and i forgot you could do this because i do n't leave my devices laying around .
edit typical reddit being a responsible adult is a downvote worthy offense .
been removed from r/warframe for breaking the golden rule http www.reddit.com/r/warframe/wiki/rules wiki_golden_rule .
r/warframe was created as a place for positive discussion please do n't be rude condescending hateful or discriminatory .
if you would like more information about this removal please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/warframe subject=golden 20rule message=hello 20moderators 20of 20/r/warframe 0a 0amy 20 comment https www.reddit.com/r/warframe/comments/75d48l/the_great_eidolon_hunt_is_a_joke/do5qpat 20has 20been 20removed 3b 20i 20would 20like 20you 20to 20reconsider 20because .
yeah this is very huge guys and ripple will be the leader
unfortunately there 's no helping the morons who think privatisation of services makes sense .
the first thing they do is gush about the wonders of capitalism and competition then support monopolies in non-competitive industries .
they think it 's fine for other nations to sell their own nationalised infrastructure because it 's proven to be effective as a private service elsewhere but obviously we ca n't have our own .
they support privatisation of transport and the mediocre results it creates despite good transport being the lifeblood of a good private economy .
they support massive corporations getting tax cuts despite said companies using public infrastructure like our roads for their business .
you ca n't help them because they are mentally incapable of adding 1 1 and blend all types of commerce in one big category .
you also have some amount of control over the chance of getting a despair .
you need to have the difficulty upgraded at least once to get them or be facing an npc with ranks in something .
the harder the enemy the more likely you 're going to have disaster wreaked upon you .
you 've then got the opportunity to downgrade difficulties with certain abilities or upgrade your own critical chances .
unlike in d20 games where the critical chance is almost always 5 no matter what you do or how good you are .
it can be down to good compression not worth worrying about .
watching it now and it 's got a lot going on .
et le point godwin en commentaire on en parle ?
he does not and will never get his accounts back .
he has been banned on his accounts and has additionally been banned as a person .
he is now officially allowed to return to lol and stream but he will never get his old accounts back .
should the uk also be saying to the usa this sale is void we want henry viii 's armour back and our gainsboroughs ''
if the uk thinks the sale happened under coercion or dodgy conditions of course it can .
for example art stolen by the nazis was largely given back to original owners .
when doing cardio layer the fuck up it 'll help lose water weight ...
and for a quick diet get like 2lbs of non marinated chicken breast grill that bitch with some lemon pepper and lemon for flavor some brown rice not white and some vegetables ... . make enough for a week ... .
last year i did a wwe raw vs wcw nitro vs roh universe with current wwe stars caws and some downloaded caws of actual stars from other shows .
i drafted superstars to each show by assigning each a number and using random.org to do the draft .
each show would get rated weekly really just rng as could n't think of a better system
the 2 shows with the highest rating in the month would be featured on the monthly ppv while the other one would then sit out and lose draft picks .
each show would start the year with the same amount of draft picks and then lose or gain some as the year goes on .
so i would let the ai book the weekly shows and custom book the ppvs according to the stats i tracked .
so i would track wins/losses ppv wins/losses and then popularity .
each superstar started with 50 popularity and i had a system setup by winning or losing matches/championship matches ppv matches promos etc would either increase or decrease their popularity .
when it came to ppv the highest popularity superstars would face in title matches .
this year tho i 'm gon na keep most of the same concept except i 'm gon na do raw with a minor show and then a completely custom show with a minor show each with their own ppv .
the way this mystery was presented as a game between chitanda and oreki and it was just their character dynamic throughout the whole thing really did this episode favors .
it was a mystery that was setup and carried out as something entirely character-driven which is hopefully something consistent with how the rest of the series plays out because it works much better than the mysteries presented earlier in the series .
overall i liked this episode a lot and oreki smiling at the end was great .
i think you 're minimizing this way too much .
and no the majority of smartphones are n't even close to being the same thing .
the user experience of those phones the speed durability battery life camera quality and general speed varies greatly .
sure there might be a smaller difference between the flagships of each brand but there are a lot of other crappy smartphones out there .
that 's a cultural problem which is encouraged to fuel consumer spending nothing that ca n't change .
i agree that there is a consumption problem but that has almost nothing to do with what i spoke about .
regarding your foods there has n't been any modern time where tenderloin was fed to the dogs .
reality is that people will want certain things more than other things and until we have something like the replicators '' out of star trek then we wo n't enter true post-scarcity which means we have to have some form of distribution system where individuals can select what they value the most .
i 'm pretty sure that was a typo but given the fog that i always feel like i 'm in i feel like i have a pretty good shot of being vincent van fog '' at least if not van gogh .
about 8k i just bought one champ to climb with but i 'm not playing ranked until next season it so i should have enough ip to buy champs
i 'm sorry you seem to be misunderstanding something .
two points even the developers themselves are not happy with the meddling of the publishers .
many well known developers have left the triple a industry if not due to abuse due to creative differences .
second at what point did i say they were ?
kindly point it out so i may rebut your assumption post haste .
medlemmer af bander bør principielt smides ud blot for en fart bøde eller whatever .
i just think people think it 's a weird permanent life decision to take as freckles are by many people who have freckles not a positive thing .
of course it depends on the person but i know for a fact my sister who has freckles hates them and tries to hide them .
and yeah some people look cute with freckles but it 's more because it 's a part of who they are .
i never heard of any guy go damn she would look so much cuter with freckles '' .
also the fact that it 's permanent is the weird part to me .
like people who get tattooed makeup or eyebrows on them there is a high chance their taste will change just from their 20 's to their 40 's and even more later in life .
granted freckles are n't as bad as lips or eyebrow tattoos .
now my outlook on the human race is ruined .
if there was one place i thought i could count on the integrity of my fellow man it was a random 'one upmanship ' thread on reddit
march of the drowned https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/xln/112.jpg ? 1505484742 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=march 20of 20the 20drowned sf https scryfall.com/card/xln/112 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! march 20of 20the 20drowned
if he really did fake an injury for the greater good can he tell kruse that he 's got a bright idea ?
laut google liegt das am temporalen adverb das normalerweise nach dem verb kommt ich gehe um 9 uhr zur schule allerdings auch nach vorne gezogen werden kann um eine stärkere betonung auf die zeit zu legen .
dann müssen allerdings subjekt und prädikat vertauscht werden weil isso .
we still dont know the full details of the contract .
i 've only watched the goal once for obvious reasons so i 'm going to assume you 're right because i do n't want to blame williams for what happened he 's been so important for us .
who were these people going around trying to stop thought '' ?
so that map is build on assumptions that nobody else will build dykes when facing possibility of sunken terrain ?
i feel like the one on the right would lead to some gnarly split ends .
yea here in kiel germany we got the open canal kiel '' which hosts volunteers with the favorite music they generally play what they love and that for the full time i exclusively hear that station only when i can choose .
additionally to that i read somewhere that it will make problems if they cut the power to the baseband .
it would be interesting to know what problem that might be .
honestly if i do n't want to use the baseband it does n't bother me what problems that chip might have right ?
the game is 90 just the story of senua.all the gameplay is good just nothing groundbreaking but it 's at least fun to play .
that does n't help me when i jumping in puddles
who cares about how he got all those concussions when the author included how he scored in dancing with the stars ?
tell her you are n't ready to marry then and are n't sure when you will be .
will make another thread when this dies out it has really sparked my brain to get all this inspiration .
awwww its the looking for a gym buddy meme .
my point is spesifically though agi may very well eventually happen .
the public debate misunderstands the nature​ of the problems here .
i mean you disagree id challenge you then on arguing why im wrong in the nature of point one or two .
i wanted to permanently deactivate my account and delete all data with it .
but apparently they want my death certificate for that .
before you know it they 'll be owning you in all ways .
the breds are sitting so no one is buying the flyknit j for resale .
just because a company hypes it doesnt mean anyone is actually hyping it sadly .
is he going to keep using pads as an adult 6 years from now ?
you have an 8 week old which means you have to give him a certain level of attention .
if he can not hold it for the time you are out this means finding someone to let him out in the meantime .
if he gets cold outside this means training him to wear a sweater/jacket when you take him out .
my dog does n't particularly like snow that 's taller than he is but he knows he has to trudge through it he somehow ends up doing this even when we make a path for him to go to the bathroom because he does n't go in the house .
if they just took all the funds for the no campaign and spent it on charities i would actually hate them somewhat less .
but no this is dumb and i hate them even more .
why is being with his tank out of position ?
350 likes for a link that does n't even fucking exist
i 'm just impressed that i can tell what episodes everyone 's talking about by their title without having to look them up
its not about taking things too far its about creating a culture of toxicity and callousness surrounding the most at risk humans .
any amount of offhanded comments towards children have this effect .
cm not the most wanted k14 but the float and a 4x matching holo is very attractive to some buyers .
as time goes by i 'm loving this project more and more .
say10 gives you dark magical powers if you play it loud enough .
he 's the nfl 's version of andre miller .
hopefully he can come back and make a playoff with someone .
i mean really i know there 's a lot of different brands and different types of cars for each brand ... .
but like i really do n't know much about cars aside from that .
think that 'll be some sort of promo with the optane drive .
think cig will announce it with their partnership with intel at citizencon
did n't even see it until i saw this comment .
yes/no either/or and option list questions are not open-ended .
your questions in the post body do not match the question i your title
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/75e6mw/what_are_actual_solutions_to_the_ongoing_problem was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
the whole show was great but those early seasons were among the best tv ever produced .
it was a good break from the bush years .
it would be tough to keep it going with jimmy smits as president santos since martin sheen was such a force as bartlet .
i just hoped i 'd be the catalyst but who am i kidding ?
he 's never even gotten a regular shift with guys half as talented .
i had to scroll pretty far to find what the name actually was .
she turns to it trying to see what it is as she struggles to pull the bolt back on the crossbow.she 's still quite obviously terrified and not quite thinking straight .
as a homestuck fan i just laugh so hard when people say these fandoms are toxic i laugh and laaughhhhh
the best he 's looked was during his state of the union address .
i think he let a stylist fit him properly for a suit but still insisted on the terrible hair and french cuffs i will never get the french cuff thing .
if you are insecure about your hands appearing small having huge cuffs only makes them look smaller .
he still looked ridiculous but a well-fitting suit which he actually kept buttoned while standing up was a marked improvement .
needless to say it did n't make an impression on him .
according to fs1 we are losing cause we have less earned runs tonight ok whatever makes you happy
the vive lenses kick oculus ' lenses all over .
i just love the cop is doing a rocking finger sign haha
as if my week couldnt get worse now long is hurt making howard garbage again
it 's rather infuriating when my mil 's chihuahua runs into the room while my big dog is eating and rushes him barking right in his face ... he 's going to get it ripped off one day and i will not know what to say to her .
the last time he did that my dog reacted and threw him to the ground and all she did was quickly pick up her dog .
is it possible to desensitize my dog to her dog ?
some people would want to see dcs world or elite dangerous .
onward and arizona sunshine are what my friends liked to play for the most part but iracing dcs and ed were big hits for people that are interested in those games .
austria prior to the end of wwi contained a lot of non-german elements and vienna disgusted him with how cosmopolitan it was .
i guess you have n't heard about the oilers ducking at defense ?
to be fair it is owned by comcast so evil morons
if you go itx theres a good chance your ram wo n't go in because the cpu cooler is gon na be too big for that board .
you can definitely build a nice little small pc with a matx case .
also get your self a z series motherboard if youre gon na buy a k series cpu .
you wont be able to overclock 7700k without a z series motherboard .
they 'll probably update it on the funimation website later .
do you know if st teresa 's 7 mansions have any correspondence to any buddhist maps ?
on ios 9 they were grouped on ios 10 they at least looked decent i hate the ios 11 notification shade though .
i like the swipe up to see earlier notifications gesture but when you 're in a group chat or get lots of emails it gets messy .
android o has amazing notifications imo they are well organized and can have different channels and categories .
other than that i love ios and how it just works right out the box .
from what i saw on the refs monitor that did not look too bad at all just a little shove while tyson was setting a screen .
flagrant 2 seems a bit much but idk i 'd have to see it again ...
the content is terrible minus man in the high castle
they emailed me saying they 'd have another gb next month so keep an eye out .
this has been studied the yeast which we commonly use for food production was sent to space to see how space conditions affected growth of normal '' yeast and to see how certain mutations affected yeast growth in microgravity https www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/news/micro_4.html .
the researchers did n't test bread rising in space specifically but the normal yeast did fine and has since been used to brew beer which you can purchase but based on survival yeast-leavened breads would do fine in space .
as already pointed out it 's impractical to send ingredients on the short term missions which we currently use for space exploration and research .
crap meant to include that it 's a customer return .
said osmund now standing long after his backside had become numb from lack of movement .
his cheeks were red from a smile that seemed ever present on his cheeks the stormlands is to be most honoured to in part play host to the royal union of prince maekar and one dyana dayne in summerhall .
it would delight me to make a show not only of might but one of unity !
i propose a great caravan of storm lords and ladies along with their own knightly retinues to show the targaryens the true hospitality of our people ! ''
meta anyone who wishes join the caravan sign up below afterward we 'll draw a map of our derpy storm parade to the wedding and myself or u/shinyshinx will post the movement order .
i must be the only person that likes sleeveless shirts ! !
i 'm very short but have massive shoulders due to a lifetime of rock climbing so any normal tanks look weird and stretched out and most longer-sleeve short-sleeved tees like more men 's shirt than cap sleeves make my chest and shoulders blend together in a way that destroys my chest and makes me look super top heavy .
sleeveless shirts have the same effect as a normal tank top on me lifting my chest and minimizing my bulldozer arms .
but they 're rare cause they 're so unflattering on most women .
yu gave up on switch hitting and that giant elbow guard ?
is it just me or is star war 's relationship with the nfl a bit cringworthy ?
he 's at his best when he 's curling and wheeling behind the net .
i do n't want them to die but i do n't exactly mind if they did either
do n't shoehorn your faggy r/latestagecapitalism pseudointellectualism into it .
he 's been terrible 1 run does not negate terrible starting field position every kick off
it does n't make a noticeable difference unless you 're running a 20-foot cable to your monitor or some crap like that .
people have waited in lines longer than how long a bus route takes on a daily basis just now i had to wait in line for half an hour for the shuttle to take me home
if i were offered a seat just because of my gender i 'd be embarrassed am i weak ?
it 's a decent meme skin other than nothing really changes on it .
it 's my favorite of the ones that do n't change the particles/jokes .
1 personal house per account when you release the house it has a 24 hour window and shows the timer on the ward list
i 'm the type of guy who is wiping his hands off with a towel from trying so hard .
specifically the connection from my tone pot to my volume pot as well as where to put a capacitor .
i 've look up how to wire a tone pot but its always wired one of two ways .
which one is the proper way and if either way is correct what are the benefits of one vs the other ?
thanks for the help and sorry for the bad pic i made it on ppt in 5ish minutes .
edit for those who might ask i 'm using 500k tone and volume pots
as an american bayern fan the lack of effort belief horrendous chemistry and misplaced passes and useless crosses today gave me flashbacks to ancelotti 's bayern .
after an initial mixed reaction to the freestyle i 've listened to it a few more times .
he 's passionate about this topic and taking a stand .
how can you not help but smile at this ?
celebs from snoop to j cole to ellen are praising him .
i hope to god the nov. 17 album rumors are true .
i used to wish he 'd keep the trump talk to a minimum .
i 'd love a passionate pissed off politically charged album .
it 'll go plat 1st week after all this controversy and streaming included .
my only wish now is that he does this well over beats on the album .
my video channel is a unique comedy channel that uses a process of collaboration with friends .
we love making videos and want to find our voice and reach out to as many as people as possible .
we do not copy and we really try to avoid any kind of standard youtube video format or genre .
we try to be detailed and caring but also honest .
even when i post these videos and stick to the formula .
i post every week and blast all my social media yet i am still struggling to find an audience .
i know this is difficult but i thought after 6 months of consistent posting we would have more than 120 subs .
thank you for reading this every critique is welcomed !
i 'm not sure if this is the right place to post .
i 'm in santa monica end of this week for a business trip sawtelles area specifically .
my flight leaves on saturday around 11pm and i 'm done with work around 5pm on friday .
i do n't travel alone frequently so i 'm trying to figure out what i should do/see while i 'm in town this is my second time on the west coast !
first time was a two day work trip to san francisco last month .
i wo n't have a car so i 'll be using uber/public transportation .
i was considering going to hollywood or disneyland but it 's so far then again i have all of saturday .
i 've kinda mapped out food i wan na try walking distance from hotel and i 'll be seeing the pier on thursday evening .
i like sightseeing culture museums nature food music etc .
kinda wary about being out late night since i 'm alone in a place i do n't know anyone .
i had such a great time ca n't wait to be back and venture into la .
i went to the getty did a tour of ucla and the surrounding neighborhood walked around 3rd street promenade went santa monica pier and venice beach ate my way through santa monica especially sawtelles did a bunch of shopping and walked over 15 miles in a day !
i went bar-hopping and ventured into west la to go to basically a stranger 's house party met a few cool people that took me around for a little while and managed to not make bad decisions .
i 'm halfway persuaded to move to the west coast absolutely loved the 2.5 days i was there .
i 've made the mistake of consuming l-citrulline phenibut and creatine hcl lately via a glass of water and sure enough had a random cavity at my last dentist visit along with some sensitive teeth .
looking to try inositol soon but it 's just totally unrealistic to use capsules at the doses it requires .
i bought the season pass for iw when it was on sale a week or two back and managed enough on and off play to finish the ritr ee earlier today .
i was wondering what the next easiest ee to do would be ?
i have n't even learned up to pack a punch on ss or aotrt yet and wan na know if starting on one of those two would be better or if i should try zis which i have a decent grasp on .
i 've beaten all of bo3 's ee 's so it 's more a matter of what the simplest to learn in the shortest time would be do i can try to have them done before beast drops
i 've had chronic facial edema for over 4 years now .
been to many doctors and specialists ent eye doctors dermatologists naturopaths .
fluid seems to accumulate in my face while i sleep resulting in swelling every morning that goes down as im standing upright throughout the day .
it 's mainly my nose and under my eyes .
i 've had blood tests and my hormones tested .
i 've been tested for allergies twice blood test and skin prick test which didnt reveal any allergies .
i 'm not sire if it 's some soet of autoimmune problem ?
i 've had my nose broken before but this didnt start until at least a year after so i dont think its related to that .
i 've had a cat scan of my head done and they said there is n't anything that would cause the swelling .
changes to my diet may affectit slightly but never fix it .
currently im eating very clean and no grains dairy or junk food as it makes me breakout with mild acne anyways .
the air at my work is dusty but im only there two days a week and have been away on vacation and my facial edema did n't change .
it used to be sverely swollen and has generally improved over time but still gets worse somedays and is never completely gone .
it 's affected my quality of life a lot .
im wondering if anyone has had experience with this and could help me .
it 's not letting me apply for the promotion and not really seeing it mentioned on patch notes as to how to get the rank .
ministry of national development https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/61/ministry_of_national_development 28singapore 29 28logo 29.png
in order to cement singapore 's one of the world 's most prominent green cities the building and constructing authority will heavily encourage buildings both new old and under construction to adopt a green facade .
especially during the summers heat in singapore is quite sweltering and air conditioners are heavily used .
the concrete jungle of singapore 's downtown and residential core adds to the hot conditions by not absorbing excess heat .
bca will subsidize current and future buildings to adopt some sort of green exterior be it a rooftop garden or veins running along the sides of the building .
this will in turn naturally remove heat from the surrounding environment keeping singapore cooler and more tolerable .
air conditioning requires a large amount of electricity to sustain and thus singapore will be introducing air conditioning regulations phasing out older hvac systems and introducing new ones specifically solid state magnetocaloric air conditioners ssmac that use far less energy and are anywhere from 25-50 more efficient than current hvac systems .
while ssmac systems will simply be an option for the next five to seven years they will slowly and slowly take precedence over current systems until current systems are permanently phased out after the 5-7 year time period .
over the next five to seven years windows in singapore will slowly become producers of electricity coated with an invisible power-producing varnish .
it would thus provide a level of transparency to enjoy natural lighting and a view of surroundings while converting infrared and ultraviolet light into electricity to offset energy consumption .
while also reducing heat levels the windows could power smart features inside the room be it an automated lighting system or blind control .
energy use per building would be cut significantly especially in a city such as singapore .
the approximate cost of such a program is 1 billion dollars .
as i 'm typing this on my phone i 'm playing my last game of hearthstone .
i do n't need to go into details as to why as everyone knows why .
i just wanted to share that as someone who is extremely prone to this exploitive design and just a human being who knows about the sunken cost fallacy and is still dumb enough to continue despite being aware i 'm proud of myself for quitting and encourage other people on the fence to do so .
it seems like it 's a lot of you .
sorry this sounds so much more than it is but i 'm genuinely proud of myself .
it 's a small but important step to stop doing something that 's causing discomfort or distress and move on .
i started vaping after 20 years of the stinkies and of course i went straight into a dripper for 2 years .
in an attempt to slow down my juice consumption i started using the juul 6 months ago .
at my old job i was able to vape at my desk and in the warehouse but with my new job i can only get my nicotine fix during my 15 minute breaks .
however as cool as the juul was in the beginning the fact that i had to charge it all the time and the difficulty to find the mango replacement pods made me wanted to find a refillable vape with longer battery life .
so i went to my local vape shop which i have not visited for a while and luckily met the shop owner that i usually dealt with behind the counter .
he showed me the joyetech exceed starter kit after telling him my experience with the juul .
right off the bat i noticed that the box stated exceed expectations '' .
i really did n't have any expectations for this kit other than it needed to have longer battery life and easier to refill .
i had never heard of this new kit however for the price why not give it a shot .
i picked it up with a bottle my favorite naked juice 100ml an amazing mango in 12mg fyi and i was out the door .
during my drive home my wife help me set up my vape .
it was really easy she just took it out of the box unscrewed the top cap filled my juice let it sit for a few minutes then took my first hit .
holy moly the vapor was so satisfying and smooth but felt like i did n't really get as much flavor as i wanted .
then i noticed the airflow was wide open so i lowered the airflow to the 2 small holes setting .
man i have no idea why i got into the juul in the first place .
something that was simple and did n't give me such a harsh hit .
by opening up the airflow it reminded me a little of the good ole dripper days by taking a few baby lung hits .
after a week with this device i still love it .
i have not had a chance to test out the dl '' spare coil that came with my kit .
i 'm so happy with the current 1.2 mtl coil i might just want to get a few more replacement of 1.2 since i do n't think i can do direct lung hits with 12mg of nic .
for anyone that is looking for a simple mtl vape i think joyetech did exceeded my expectations .
what free agents do you guys want to chase after next year to help fill our gaps ?
our guild attack of the phones is looking for a couple of new members .
we 're a friendly and mature group with members from around the world because of that we rotate our raid times so everyone gets multiple good times to play .
we use a 24h 0 damage rule to make sure noone misses out on rewards .
we are doing heroic rancor and normal tank but pretty close to moving up the normal tank is always dead within a few hours of launch .
ideally looking for active players who are willing to contribute over 400 tickets per day and have at least one decent haat squad or are willing to work on one .
i have some high expectations for how our characters will grow within this crisis .
we 've just seen the defeat of mirio eri giving up on him and the hope of being saved and the possible death of sir nighteye .
the stakes are higher than any arc before it now its time for serious development for those who are new to the scene as well as something truly special for deku .
because what i 'm hoping no expecting from him is this https i.ytimg.com/vi/tpp1ghuip4o/hqdefault.jpg .
with 20 he 's made a tremendous breakthrough now his spirit must follow suit .
its a hyped up fantasy and there are many reasons why this wo n't be necessary .
he 's got backup now he 's just had a powerup .
but like full-cowl was n't a powerup '' but more of an advancement in his understanding this is more of him embracing himself his first act as the next symbol '' .
i 've really gotten into journaling this past year and i 've been desperately trying to get my friends into it too but really no other high schooler thinks journaling is as fun as it actually this .
keeping a diary '' is lame and no one has time for it i guess .
but this past weekend i had the awesome idea of a traveling journaling someone gets to write/draw/do whatever in the journal for a week then it gets passed on to someone else .
i 've heard of this being done between two people but i thought it 'd be way more interesting with a whole group of people .
a couple of my friends ' interest in it was immediately peaked when i explained it to them and now quite a few people have their weeks all planned out and i 'm really excited for what 's to come .
however part of me is afraid that somewhere along the line sooner rather than later things will go horribly wrong and someone will lose the journal or completely destroy it or something .
this was a project i was really really happy to start and i do n't want anyone to mess it up .
i have a set list of rules and stuff and all my friends are like very respectable people but i 'm still getting myself all worked up about what might happen .
after all it 's supposed to be just for fun .
right now the journal 's still with me until sunday so i guess the real fun will begin when the next person gets it .
also really curious to know if any of you have done something similar i.e .
imo her damage seems kinda low especially compared to old eve but that 's just my first impression .
i watched the whole series and did not even realize the fact that clay was not working there in the present timeline .
he stopped working at the crestmont sometime after hannah 's death as he was working there the day she died .
i also find it odd that nobody else except hannah and clay had a job .
304 warlock looking for calus cp either comment or add chicks-42
gordon would be returning to a browns team with no great wr 's .
psyonix made 1 rainbow version of every exotic wheel in the game and dropped only 1 of each in the rlcs championship game ? ?
i 'd honestly think those wheels would be worth a fortune and they 'd look sick !
i need to know what sauces go into which mccafe drinks .
i dont know why they cant just display it on the screen .
specs dark virginia tobacco 50/50 vg/pg 30ml 0 3 6 and 12 nicotine high 20 price range also sold on the black note site in a 10ml package sample deal with 3 other of their juices
sonata by black note is a virginia tobacco blend that truly hits the mark .
for a smoker trying to quit who loves his favorite smokes and flavor is the reason that you have n't quit yet this is your juice .
black note actually extracts their flavor from real tobacco in an 8 step process that 's worth checking out their site and reading about .
the 50/50 ratio even gives a the throat hit of a real cigarette .
we are an american couple in our early 30s visiting thailand for the first time dec 27-jan 6th .
just as a background ... we love to party but also want to relax and see pretty sights '' we are n't huge into being outdoorsy i.e hiking .
we are flying in and out of phuket but do n't plan on staying there at all .
we 'd like to hit 4 major areas but are starting to feel overwhelmed with planning .
for those who have been please analyze our itinerary and let us know if we are being too ambitious .
some tips on what to do in some of the cities would also be highly appreciated .
i 'm attempting to use formatting so forgive me if i fail at making this post legible .
dec 27 arrive in phuket immediately fly out to chiang mai
dec 27-30th chiang mai temples an elephant sanctuary night market fly to bangkok
dec 30-2nd bangkok celebrate nye somewhere maybe some temples party ? still unsure about this city take ferry/bus to koh samui
jan 2nd-4th koh samui relax full moon party in koh phangan take ferry/bus to krabi
jan 4th-6th krabi day tour of islands relax taking recommendations take bus to phuket
we originally wanted to ex out bangkok but felt like we could n't pass up such a major city .
so i met this girl about 9 years ago on animal crossing city folk .
she lives in texas and i live in michigan .
we became friends and after a couple years we fell for each other .
we 've basically grown up together since then and it 's safe to say she 's the love of my life .
however things have been really complicated so it took us forever to finally meet in person .
we planned a four day trip to denver to see one of our favorite bands weezer at red rocks amphitheater https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_rocks_amphitheatre which is an amazingly beautiful venue up in the mountains .
we got a rental car and an airbnb so it really just felt like we lived there .
i 've never felt more at home and more at peace than i did when i was with her .
it felt like we had been together in person ever since we 've known each other .
it felt like i woke up from a dream and was with her my whole life .
we finally had a chance to get out all our pent up affection we were never able to show each other .
she got to be my first kiss and it was so worth it .
after struggling with anxiety and depression for a long time i was finally happy for once .
but as much as i wanted it to it did n't last forever .
on the way to return the rental on our last day before heading to the airport we decided to stop at a small coffee shop for one last date together .
at this point reality set in and i saw a tear streaming down her cheek .
i hugged her and tried my hardest to cherish the small amount of time we had left together .
once we got to the airport she handed me her hat to go to the bathroom and i realized i had to board in 15 minutes and i finally broke down and started crying .
i did n't want to go back to my lonely life with my friends i 've been growing more and more distant from in the past few months .
she walked out and i held her tighter than i ever have and asked if i could keep her hat which she let me .
it was the most heartbroken i 've ever felt .
as i kissed her one final time and stepped onto the plane i felt like i was leaving a piece of myself behind .
ever since i 've gotten back it just has n't been the same .
you know that feeling when you wake up from a really good dream and you 're disappointed to realize it was only a dream ?
i miss her constantly and find myself having to hold back tears several times a day .
i keep getting flashbacks of seeing her in front of me in the coffeeshop in particular .
i do n't know when our next trip will be yet but it ca n't come soon enough .
edit i 've been feeling a lot better thanks everyone we 've been discussing our plans to move in together soon .
event hey i have a perfectly breed rotom for competitive use
found the new sightseeing point in the fringes 27.5 31.1 and did lookout as soon as i got there .
it did n't unlock the log so i re-read it to see if i misread the emote for it .
in-game time hit 6pm et and it finally unlocked .
looks like they brought back at least the time restraints for them ...
could someone please instruct me on efficiently hunting dragon imps ?
i have n't seen one in puro puro in nearly 3 hours .
i 'm not sure how difficult this would be engineering wise but it seems like a no brainer from a user experience perspective .
also on a barely related note i 'm looking for a good charging dock that works in both portrait and landscape mode .
i 've looked around amazon and the sub here and have n't seen anything that particularly inspired me but i may have missed something .
raid experience would be nice mic is a must .
jerking off hispanic male anyone wan na jerk off wit me sc ej978
anyone know the shortest way of reaching local spectrum technical support ?
calling the old 402.421.0300 number and selecting tech support just puts me through to someone in india .
unfortunately it was about a 45-minute waste of time while she either bricked someone else 's modem live on the phone or just read prompts and did n't touch a thing .
i sincerely apologize if this rep just destroyed someone else 's internet on my behalf ... enough things are broken with spectrum already .
by the end of the call i realized it was entirely possible dare i say likely that she was just doing shit to the wrong account based on clues here and there .
anyone know of a good way to reach local spectrum it ?
i did n't like how bungie turned the raid loot drops into tokens cause it removed the specialness of the loot made it so everyone got the loot without having to beat that section of the raid .
and i actually always liked the rng on those raid specific loot drops because it meant we would n't all get all the loot asap which meant there would be a friendgame my friends would keep coming back to play the raid again until we all got the loot which would take a lot more playtime .
but today bungie removed the last bit of rng from the game and this one i 'm okay with .
now every time i go to the tower it just works 100 of the time no more rng on if the game will crash .
one thing i think that would help immersion and add to the game would be dark nights .
back before 2015 nights used to be pretty dark .
i particularly remember dun morogh and westfall at night to be quite interesting .
i wonder if blizz could put in as a toggle or switch for the players who play at night and want to see it in daylight .
so finally got the money for year 2 but i wanted to know do i still get the cosmetics/charms/ecc that you get when you buy it before the operator comes out or do i get less items since i bought it late ?
and is it worth buying the pass even if i 'm interested only in mira and ela or should i buy them for 5 each ?
it wasnt until the end that the name of the player came up and it was me .
ganbare goemon 2 is apparently close to being completely translated snes not the nes version .
is there someone who could do an snes box art but have it say legend of the mystical ninja 2 '' ?
this is a resubmission that i did not word properly previously .
shinbi 's buff to rushing beat reduces the cool down between the first activation and the free second activation by .4 seconds .
but as i understand the ability someone correct me if i 'm wrong the overall cool down of the ability is based on the second activation .
this means that instead of the buff simply reducing the time for the recast it will allow the cool down to start .4 seconds earlier if the free rush is used immediately .
this would allow her to have .4 seconds less between each initial activation during chase/escape situations small but not insignificant when discussing chase/escape .
it is possible that this was part of the intent but the way epic worded it i am not sure .
if i am incorrect on any of this let me know .
but if i 'm right the combination of the overall cool down reduction on rushing beat and base speed increase just significantly improved shinbi 's mobility ' possibly beyond what epic intended .
i started with runescape back in 2008 and quit around 2010 .
i returned to rs with rs3 and man was that a mistake .
it sure did n't feel like runescape to me .
rs3 is way to easy to level and the promotions and free xp is sickening .
however osrs feels to grindy now that im older and with working 30-40hrs a week im starting to miss rs3 simply because i made actual progress faster .
i wish the xp rate in osrs were a combo of the two .
faster than it is right now but slowler than rs3 and without the free xp shit .
am i the only one who feels this way ?
i had a olog-hai come back from the dead after his head was chopped off .
but when he returned he was all white and had a bunch of stitches around his neck and his left eye was all messed up .
what do you have to do to permanently kill these bastards ?
can someone please explain to me what is going on with the shadows in this video clip .
up close everything is fine but when im at a fair distance and scoped the shadows seem to go haywire .
is there a known fix for this problem or is this just a 'feature ' ?
has anyone gotten the new adidas authentics autographed by anyone yet ?
i 'm mostly concerned about signing on the new perforated numbers ie senators knights oilers etc and if it 's going to bleed through the holes or not or smudge pretty badly .
anyone have any photos so far of good autos ?
hello so i have an exercise where i have to transform sentences from imperfective to perfective почему саша не пишет сочинение ?
what pronoun do i use to refer back to the neutral noun сочинение ?
его because of the accusative even though сочинение is n't animate or оно ?
so i really just want to meet someone with a great personality who i can share my days with maybe through kik ?
laugh with flirt with get a little dirty with ...
the more open-minded and insatiable in the bedroom the better and a sense of humor is very important .
also and i ca n't stress this enough if you tend to type in complete sentences as opposed to say r u ok ?
as for myself i 'm a laid back wannabe filmmaker who loves animals super nintendo and all kinds of music .
i prefer the rain to sunshine i eat my pringles upside down i actually do n't really care for pringles though and i smoke a lot of weed .
physically i 'm not really a big guy but i could stand to lose a few pounds though i am attracted to bigger guys .
pm me if you think we 'd hit it off !
so i 've been nc with my ndad for a few weeks now .
the guilt is still strong and i started therapy last week to help me through it have my second appt tonight !
my birthday is in a few weeks and my ndad has always sent me a card with a check .
actually whenever there 's a big issue he just sends money because he thinks that fixes everything .
i do n't want to break nc and i do n't want or need his money .
i 'm not even sure he 'll send me anything since his last words to me were do n't talk to me ever again until you can respect my authority . ''
if he does send something would you open it ?
or would you plop it back in the mailbox return to sender this is what i 'm leaning towards .
i 'm also still wrestling whether or not to go nc with my enabler step-mom .
she 's an awesome person but just sits idle on the sidelines while my ndad goes on his numerous tirades .
i know she 'll send me something separately she always does .
also not sure what to do with whatever she sends .
all services available we have a small team of hackers to solve all your growing needs .
dont contact if your a window shopper only serious work accepted .
wan na spy on someone contact us wan na track someone contact us track cheating contact us
track bitcoin transactions contact us or any sort of help were here to help generate bitcoin address of your personal touch contact us i.e your name or your mobile number
i have a question regarding the playstation plus subscription .
i 'm from romania but recently moved to uk .
as i have my account for romania if i buy a ps subscription from uk will it work on my romanian account ?
i 'm not getting the hate for the token system right now .
it 's just guranteed loot every x couple of activities you do and the only downside of the current system is that there are no vendors or armor/weapon packages but that 's not actually a problem with the token system itself and could be changed without changing the token system .
i 've heard that it 's too rng '' but i do n't really get how it 's always gon na be the rng wether it 's a post-game drop or a token drop .
tokens also have the benefit of being transferable between characters .
is the only problem that it feels '' bad ?
newly minted facilities engineer here currently working in biotech .
after experiencing the spaghetti like pile they call their automation system i 've been driven to pick up my old instrumentation and process control book .
the staff responsible for the mess are overworked and understaff so i 've taken it upon myself to lend a hand .
my current role relies on the usage of said system which leads me to believe this will be a mutually-beneficial endeavor .
my goal is to improve my automation and process control in my spare time utilizing my old text books .
i 've also dived into the pc master race realm recently building my own pc and tuning for performance .
my love for realistic gaming has increased my computer knowledge tenfold in the last year alone .
not sure what my end goal is for my engineering career but i would love it to involve ground-breaking technology .
any helpful resources or useful advice would be greatly appreciated .
hey everyone i appreciate any advice and will try to be brief .
i have not always known what i wanted to work in about 2 years ago i got interested in programming and decided to enter in a course at my local university got a diploma and i searched for a job in programming but could not get any i thought if i could enter in a big company specialized in technology maybe later i could change to something else having more experience i been here 7 months and right now i 'm working in ticketing monitoring incidents and services reporting and alerting sla times checking documentation etc .
my question is is this job giving me the right experience for what i want ? that being software programming because i think i could learn more by my own that where i 'm right now and when i search for jobs my experience does n't match for what they ask .
thank you and i hope i´m being somewhat clear .
i just bought a house recently and after finally being somewhat moved and settled in i would like to start hiding television power wires and the cox cable .
my bedroom tv is on an arm mount and currently has the wires just hanging down and plugged into the wall .
directly behind my wall is walk in closet space so i felt running the wires through the wall into that location would be optimal .
i can add an additional outlet behind the tv for power but moving the cable hook up is more of the concern .
is it straightforward/acceptable to open the drywall from the closet side and mount the cable plate directly opposing where it has been and reuse old in-wall cable ?
i have always ran coax to the basement and left a cable box there with ir extender and have never actually moved a coax location .
sorry if this is unclear i will try to answer any questions that arise from my rambling .
what are your guys thoughts about xiahou 's jayce build ?
i did never think about steraks gage on jayce myself .
as title says just kind of hanging out and figured i 'd share .
it is too early to experience symptoms but also lack of anything feeling different makes me feel like i 'm out already ... .
anywho i 'll probably be naughty and test tomorrow at 9dpo
no p90 cold blood fn 0.0065 5 metjm https s.metjm.net/lybgpay.jpg move it holo
hey so there was this analog keyboard going around a year ago https wooting.nl/en .
i would like to think this would virtually bring keyboard precision to a whole new level .
but before buying one i would like to hear some experiences .
i 'm a keyboard only player not even mouse .
i want to issue a solid heartfelt apology for not maintaining support for my tool and basically dropping off the face of the earth !
i really love the tsumtsum community and value every member of the community and hope everyone can have a great time with what we all do .
sadly things are n't so great for me right now !
i lost my job a while back and had to leave my apartment .
i currently owe a debt to the apartments i was staying at .
my girlfriend and i are staying with family and i 'm currently trying to find employment again .
that and trying to figure out what to do with my life .
i love programming and enjoy working on this tool but i have n't straight up asked for donations to some patreon or what-have-you since i would have felt ashamed of people giving me money as a reward for such a lazy codebase .
i also do n't know if the mods would even allow me to accept patreon donations and still make announcements on the subreddit .
in the meantime i have n't had much time for being active because of spending most of my time trying to feel like i 'm a value to the people around me !
this is done via chores and continued attempts for employment .
so i want to see what the community would like me to do .
ttahs was a resounding success in my albeit-biased opinion !
i received hundreds of downloads in even a short time .
i would like to work on a cleaner code base .
i would like to make the tool more functional .
i would really love to provide something that improves the lives of the community and continue to provide it for free to everyone .
if i could do that and earn even a little through patreon that could then be utilized to slowly begin pecking away at my debt and pay for my laundry i would be able to work on it every day and continuously provide support for the tool .
i 'm sure i can figure out some reward for supporting me that would n't tarnish my integrity or threaten to undermine my desire to make sure the tool will always remain free .
i ca n't devote the time i want to the tool because of the situation i find myself in .
patreon would solve that but that would require people to be interested in supporting me personally as i work on the tool .
it 's also in the hands of the mods .
if they do n't want me accepting patreon donations and still posting announcements for the tool it would risk limiting exposure of the tool to the people who want to find it .
i want to fix every problem with the tool .
i want to step through all of the support requests and make sure everything is fixed .
please let me know your thoughts and feelings on the matter .
tldr optimize your fantasy team currently supporting draft kings .
we scaled the number of competitions down to the 4 template groups that draft kings posts each week .
we use that data to run optimization algorithms on a player 's projection for that week .
one request was to add fanduel as another fantasy leage source which i am currently working on .
i added the ability to export the optimized result it does have the player id 's but not in the correct format to upload directly to draft kings .
i would greatly appreciate any feedback or suggestions on what you 'd like to see on the website .
so i 've been doing lazy keto since 8/1 .
generally i 've had the same patterns as most others large initial weight loss looking slimmer than the scale reveals and plateaus .
i 've had two different plateaus at 222 and 215 .
what 's weird is that exercising and if have n't broken them but rather a cheat meal .
in fact i can count 3 times since 8/1 that i did .
recently i was stuck at 215 for a month .
over the weekend i found myself in a chinese restaurant with friends and gave in .
next day i had a whoosh and have kept it off 5 days later .
looking for an off-meta but still viable singed build just to have fun in norms d any idea is a good idea !
his head is a barebones heh skull for some reason .
we know that lords can go hollow from gwyn so does this confirm he has gone hollow too ?
i understand the game itself consuming a lot of gpu cpu but why does the lobby consume more then other games lobby ?
do n't we have to load into game by pressing match ?
i have a function that returns items in semi random order but i know with an appropriate key function the items are unique integers from 0 to n. i want to consume the input sequence and lazily return the items in a sorted order .
i have a working solution that seems pretty robust but i wonder if there is a more elegant and/or faster way to do it .
i worry my dictionary reliance could kill me i may hit some of the edge cases in timecomplexity https wiki.python.org/moin/timecomplexity
return 0 ... n-1 in a random order with no repeats .
yield from items in order assuming unique keys w/o any missing !
the items or key item must be an integer without repeats starting
me and my buddy are looking for an active clan .
we used to be hardcore players but life has forced us to become casual .
we are predominantly 90 pvp players but the occasional pve content is cool too .
we have a couple other friends that just got the game so in the end we would need them to join as well .
as far as my nephew goes he 's young but not a squeaker ... hell he 's more chill than most of the 20+yo players i 've met .
edit forgot to state that we 're on ps4 and in the est time zone .
has anyone else come across an orc w a life for a weapon that sings to you as his pre-fight intro ? ?
this guy is hilarious and i refuse to kill him for the sheer joy i get when he ambushed me .
i 've let him escape like 4 times already and every time he 's involved in a challenge it 's my goal to save his life .
anyone else as lucky as i am w the minstrel orc type ?
norway teka nani de anko to issho nan-sa ? '
norway oi nīchan ttsuu yakusoku mada hatashite ne~e be ya . '
like the title says i 'm a maxed th9 with 22/21 heroes and only earthquake lvl 3 to get .
i 've been thinking about upgrading to th10 for stronger troops and what not .
i 've been trophy pushing and i 'm currently in champions with lavaloonian .
its kinda pricey on the de but its pretty fun .
i 've got a secondary account that is going to hit th9 in a couple days so my logic is that it would be nice to have stronger lavahounds and maybe bowlers to try out witch slap properly with that account .
as of now in my clan i 've got the strongest account so donations are n't top notch .
my question is should i upgrade to th10 to get builders busy again and have things to spend resources on or should i work on my attacking strategies ?
should i be able to 3 star most th9 bases at this point ?
in champs 3 i 've been running into a lot of th10s and infernos have been a little tricky to deal with but the bonus if i win basically offsets any training costs .
has anyone ordered one of the nfl hockey style sweatshirts from jenna shop ?
if so can you tell me if they run large like the jerseys seem to ?
been lurking for over a year and been too shy to post any pictures of myself .
i 've personally come out a while ago in honor of national coming out day i made my first timeline .
nekodesu is back for more last day on earth survival gameplay version 1.6.2 today i will show you how can you save gas mask and be able to loot gas room every reset .
no capsule key or tour of duty ticket or refined metal .
i only take sack of gems so 0.5 key 1500 gems
reply here first or comment in my steam profile before adding me .
for a quick trade send me a trade offer fill in the trade offer note what bundle you wanted your e-mail .
reminder keys gems that you just purchased will be restricted for 7 days before you can trade it
send the money as friends/family or as a gift .
you need to comment below and i will pm you with the payment details .
indiegala anuman interactive 2 http i.imgur.com/vh5qrgx.png 6 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hazard reboot http i.imgur.com/8hiychj.png 6 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala power rage http i.imgur.com/dkkga7g.png 5 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie rush http i.imgur.com/7mowkdz.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala ballistic finale http i.imgur.com/dcx2scn.png 4 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala kiss and chill http i.imgur.com/keqq8lz.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala leaps and bounds http i.imgur.com/u4v2b5t.png 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie aftermath http i.imgur.com/7ggednz.png 9 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala blasting blocks http i.imgur.com/wfjmtgu.png 4 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala dagestan technology 2 http i.imgur.com/7fwcept.png 10 1 key for 2 bundles 1500 gems 1
indiegala chaos empire http i.imgur.com/dvozapc.png 5 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie reverie http i.imgur.com/oy1qge5.png 4 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie mental http i.imgur.com/vlriryn.png 8 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala demon 's dash http i.imgur.com/msmxm1j.png 8 1 key for 2 bundles 1500 gems 1
indiegala mystic xscape http i.imgur.com/qojhl9b.png 4 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala just 1337 http i.imgur.com/24u9aay.png 7 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie tangle http i.imgur.com/x2uygqq.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala dark triumph http i.imgur.com/vtbl0j9.png 9 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala black shell media http i.imgur.com/ddnph2j.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie rocket http i.imgur.com/khuq9lz.png 3 1 key for 2 bundles 1500 gems 1
indiegala indie contingency http i.imgur.com/yz97q2z.png 7 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie innovation http i.imgur.com/2mlrq6p.png 7 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala black shell media 2 http i.imgur.com/xd0ei7f.png 9 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala retro gems http i.imgur.com/q1iw9uf.png 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie gravity http i.imgur.com/3aibyx7.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala spaced out http i.imgur.com/ifuf4pp.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indiestructible http i.imgur.com/aanoz8d.png 6 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie revenge http i.imgur.com/erzyqai.png 5 1 key for 2 bundles 1500 gems 1
indiegala simply super http i.imgur.com/lv0h5jp.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie quest http i.imgur.com/i71716j.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie shootout http i.imgur.com/hr0sd39.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala boom destruction http i.imgur.com/hj0bhfh.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie realms http i.imgur.com/whlbxfc.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala postal party http i.imgur.com/v1knq9s.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie show http i.imgur.com/8uuaoyo.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie fever http i.imgur.com/szrf1m1.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala twinkly twelve http i.imgur.com/rjagymw.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala shaman games http i.imgur.com/espqezh.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hefty indie http i.imgur.com/ayunb3u.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie light http i.imgur.com/dn5pfdk.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie hooligans http i.imgur.com/lir0u1l.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala the completionist http i.imgur.com/l4cw7zh.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala magical gates http i.imgur.com/jvqwcft.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala indie delirium http i.imgur.com/zwka10s.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala the rockin ' anime 2 http i.imgur.com/m6ixfdd.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala artifex mundi 5 http i.imgur.com/mf4yy1z.png 5 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala artifex mundi 7 http i.imgur.com/ssegsu0.png 3 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala virtual reality viii http i.imgur.com/wydglk5.png 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala virtual reality ix http i.imgur.com/jhzej5r.jpg 6 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala virtual reality x http i.imgur.com/8fmaxlr.png 1 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala virtual reality xi http i.imgur.com/bmety6b.png 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala virtual reality xii http i.imgur.com/zhpbcvw.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 12 http i.imgur.com/wm73wyw.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 13 http i.imgur.com/xd3cixw.png 4 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 16 http i.imgur.com/rzsirls.png 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 17 http i.imgur.com/lybr1hc.png 4 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 18 http i.imgur.com/l84tnrm.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 19 http i.imgur.com/sewwxyz.png 8 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 20 http i.imgur.com/j9uhfkx.png 7 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 21 http i.imgur.com/einnwnp.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 22 http i.imgur.com/p0ilqkv.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 23 http i.imgur.com/hmwzvhs.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 24 http i.imgur.com/32jb6j5.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 25 http i.imgur.com/ysklytv.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 26 http i.imgur.com/qrxoout.jpg 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 27 http i.imgur.com/2kge3ge.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 28 http i.imgur.com/ziwalrb.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 29 http i.imgur.com/fhsbfyl.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 30 http i.imgur.com/mu8ljrd.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 31 http i.imgur.com/stzc0rc.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala monday motivation 32 http i.imgur.com/hwozp2r.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 22 http i.imgur.com/aobgmme.jpg 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 32 http i.imgur.com/gl0cs3e.png 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 37 http i.imgur.com/gzqkztr.png 9 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 38 http i.imgur.com/gdj4htv.png 4 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 40 http i.imgur.com/hisjc86.jpg 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 42 http i.imgur.com/1mcbgb1.png 1 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 43 http i.imgur.com/1vzyprz.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 44 http i.imgur.com/fjl7qzz.png 7 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala hump day 45 http i.imgur.com/pzo4g8i.png 9 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 33 http i.imgur.com/zdnayrl.jpg 3 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 38 http i.imgur.com/eeqpxwz.jpg 1 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday christmas http i.imgur.com/lvofp4f.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday slaughter http i.imgur.com/y7bwlky.png 1 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 46 http i.imgur.com/qlsthz9.png 2 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 47 http i.imgur.com/scpl5pa.png 3 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 48 http i.imgur.com/bwwwboi.png 1 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 49 http i.imgur.com/mlzyw6a.png 6 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 50 http i.imgur.com/cjy5e2z.png 5 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 51 http i.imgur.com/dmoaezc.jpg 7 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 52 http i.imgur.com/8qdp62a.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 53 http i.imgur.com/ltno47z.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 55 http i.imgur.com/bpgrmcq.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 56 http i.imgur.com/xwmv3g5.png 10 1 key i return 700 gems 2300 gems 1.5
want to get notified if there is a new bundle in stock ?
deposit box is a table to store extra payment for indiegala .
i would never expect something like this out of semc .
they 're supposed to be some amazing developers that either do things right or do n't do them most of the time .
maybe i did n't find all of them since i did n't look at the talent changes .
the only cause i can think for this is that whoever wrote them completely forgot about them and on tuesday at 3 am he thought oh shit i forgot to write the patch notes '' and wrote them .
i have few jpn shiny silvally codes for trade .
i 'm looking for marshadow any nature or ash 's unova cap pikachu with photo proof.
i do n't care about ivs of your pokemon .
i will give you one code for one pokemon .
inspired from someone else 's thread a few days ago about having to be wary which shops to order things from .
have you dealt with shops that have been worth the products ?
i 'm curious on people 's experiences and to help other brides in picking reputable shops .
personally i 've spoken with several people about how lacemarry is great to work with for gowns though personally ended up going through modcloth for me dress .
so to start fresh i wiped my save since it had been only like 12 runs or so .
i had n't made it past sector 3 yet either so i figured i did n't have much to lose .
an hour later i was in sector 4 on my first life and could have kept going except that black holes are hard to see when you are running on low settings .
i dump a bunch of points into the energy cap and regen of the interceptor the rest into hull strength .
i was at the sector 2 warp gate and had found a poi with special tech rooms ... and i had some access keys .
first one has an automatic scattergun and a subroutine and as i go to open the second okkar reinforcements notification shows up .
no biggie i can be in and out before shit hits the fan .
i panic a little as i get inside and lose half health to the turret inside .
no problem have nanobots repair hull all is well .
now i really do n't want to die so i pause for a while trying to figure out how to make it to the warp gate .
i had never stuck around before and through the little hole in the wreck i was hiding in i could n't see the whole thing but there was a little rectangle shooting laser beams at me .
i severely underestimated what i was up against but nevertheless i crafted shield boosters and damage limiters and when there was a crack in the fighter swarm i made a mad dash for the warpgate .
holy crap there 's three capital ships out here .
mad dash turns into a bullet hell as i have to dodge lasers corvette plasma turrets and fighters everywhere .
i was making good pace to the gate holding four movement keys at the same time to spiral unpredictably .
still got hit a bunch by the sheer volume of fire from all the enemies .
made it to the gate shields down about 30 hull left manage to connect and jump out with just a sliver left .
i only had enough nanobots to repair to half health on the other side but i was alive !
the run is n't over yet i 'm looking forward to playing it more tonight d
tl dr long break game reset makes it farther than ever on first try and then gets shot at a bunch .
my grandmother had a 64 chevy that you could take the key out of and it would keep running .
you only needed the key to lock/unlock the ignition but you did n't need to keep the key in the switch .
i dont live downtown and i see them everywhere mishawaka heck even way out past capital .
yikes i would expect price to save that 10/10 times .
i 've wanted to have house plants for so long !
do you have any recommendations on how to get started ?
it 's kind of gotten to be a regular thing with the way blizz keeps fucking with stats .
i would be surprised if a few more were n't added .
if you genuinely believe that being a cult classic is inherently better than being a blockbuster you need to get your head out of your ass .
this is because your account either has negative comment karma or your account is not older than 10 hours .
this rule was put in place to combat spam .
if you feel your post was deleted in error please contact the moderators to look at your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reptiles if you have any questions or concerns .
someone earlier was suggesting we kill her so i do n't know if portland can handle this like adults .
i normally go for tdm and can never get in a game so i play free for all
i feel like that 's because it 's a fairly expensive hobby and knowing how to fix a vehicle is basically mandatory .
he was n't blocked from buying his bid was n't high enough
to be fair after the last 3 periods the first line are about the only guy who should n't be in it .
we 're currently conducting a survey to review the rules of this subreddit .
please take this survey https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsft_xnxoqs9jhjjgzxnx-ykk-nhtq_mqb0mknznnsoc6div1g/viewform as it will impact rule changes and revisions .
this bot comment will be gone by this weekend .
we had a sticky for 2 weeks and only got 50 results .
we 're now on pace for a 1000 thanks to this bot .
this will help us make decisions for rule changes and revisions .
this was our last resort so we could get your valuable feedback .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/zelda if you have any questions or concerns .
bertrand russell once said something like organized religion should never prevent you from feeling instinctive happiness .
that 's a big part of why i started the process of leaving .
i realized that all the rules or commandments i was being told to follow were really ridiculously arbitrary raised a mormon btw .
on top of that realized that all organized religion uses subtle manipulation to maintain control over their congregations .
and then there are the glaring issues with the history of the church some of the doctrines especially ones dealing with polygamy black people and homosexuals and problems with the church culture that were actually legitimately hurting people .
i do n't have any really hard feelings—my family was alright more or less with me leaving and respect my decisions .
plus my upbringing in the mormon faith made me who i am which is a good successful happy person but i 'm also happier outside of the church .
i respect people 's decisions regarding organized religion—especially if they 're using religion as a means whereby to make the world a better place but i can be a good guy without it and i do n't believe in any kind of god that would send me to hell or something for being a great guy but not going to meetings on sunday .
hey i 'm never against people being excited for a movie but you have to admit tumblr cadence is eminently spoofable
well i would n't make the viewers do that calculation themselves
you 're right that the point with the lowest slope will be the best '' but then all you can tell after that is that all the other points are worse .
using the line of best fit you could tell which points were good '' and which ones were bad '' .
i think that would be a lot more meaningful .
whatever you hand out make sure it 's alongside candy not instead of candy .
i still remember the houses in my childhood neighborhood that gave out toothbrushes apples etc etc .
so just because they did n't put their hands in the air does n't make it not a spirit bomb the energy he collected was still the same as normal spirit bomb energy it gathered the same as it even if they did n't put their hands up the end result even looked like a spirit bomb so how can you say it was n't ?
also if goku said it was a spirit bomb it 's a spirit bomb
i do n't carry to work other than the one in my glove box which they ca n't check .
living in edinburgh and want go get my first tattoo soon .
going on this shops instagram has made me certain i want it to be from here .
one could easily make the case he was in average starter last yr. pg is incredibly deep so he was probly bottom 10 but in terms of impact among all positions id say he was probly somewhere in the average range .
only the most essential things though and a lot of treatments that are n't as common are barely if at all compensated .
since i have no idea what she saying idk if she 's an attention whore or just a vlogger
or prove me wrong what is the example of such a thing ?
off-topic discussion all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
please remember to be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback .
ice age had just been released when i started and i quit when plainshift came out
d men have to tie up players better than that .
i want that entrance with the hot cops ! ''
det är väl sånt här sjuklövern ville ha i sverige mer spännande vardag tack vare kaosblattar .
when it comes to airbrushing i personally think people should not start small but get a nice mid-range airbrush and a great compressor .
a bad experience starting off will completely sour any future endeavors .
for a compressor the badger tc910 https www.amazon.com/badger-air-brush-co-tc910-compressor/dp/b005uh7cvi/ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 qid=1507680824 sr=8-1 keywords=badger+air-brush+co.+tc910+aspire+pro+compressor is one of the best and is n't that expensive .
it will last you a long time and through multiple airbrushes .
you definitely do n't want to get a tankless compressor because when it kicks on it causes a psi burst .
as for airbrushes the badger renegade https www.amazon.com/badger-air-brush-rk-1-additional-regulator/dp/b0078mexx8/ref=sr_1_1 ? s=arts-crafts ie=utf8 qid=1507680947 sr=1-1 keywords=badger+renegade is a good entry level choice as needles are cheap .
if you prefer trigger style '' i can recommend the grex tg3 https www.amazon.com/grex-tritium-tg3-trigger-gravity-airbrush/dp/b002xq2k5w/ref=sr_1_1 ? s=arts-crafts ie=utf8 qid=1507681160 sr=1-1 keywords=grex+airbrush though i 'll warn you that the needle kits are about 3 times more expensive then the badger 30 40 per needle kit .
if you want the cream of the crop the harder steenbeck infinity https smile.amazon.com/infinity-airbrush-nozzle-harder-steenbeck/dp/b003z9wnto/ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 qid=1507681258 sr=8-1 keywords=harder 26+steenbeck+infinity+cr+plus+2-in-1+airbrush is the best but does suffer from diminishing returns .
in that while it 's 3 times the cost of the renegade i do n't believe that it 's 3 times better .
people use theory and estimate like the word guess '' when to a professional it means we 're 99 sure that ... ''
i would say most beardies are 18 '' 20 '' snout to tail
if windows had a farther range and surrounded doors i would agree with you but right now they are pretty much harmless .
i never said that men do n't need emotional support too lol
change what the monster is after they 've prepared .
the description that they heard was based on the perceptions of the person giving the description .
perhaps the monster in question was using magic to alter it 's appearance .
here is the full copy of the us war plans for north korea
he 's 36 weighs 90 kg and is 1.88 tall .
just to be reminded that this kind of power is n't everything and the hero who has way less defeats them .
but this is also why i said paradise myth .
as in a myth that people who know less think .
even if the dragons knew would they want this made public ?
this knowledge could become a threat to the government just like it could further their strength .
so now you just have to weigh how much it could benefit them versus how much this could hurt them in the end .
pirates running around hunting devilfruits to stack could in the end be bad .
i think what he wants is the validation that would come from a lot of people telling him he did the thing right which we know is what would happen if he bought me a 10,000 diamond ring even if i did n't want it .
his love language is words of affirmation and he craves praise from other people a little more than average i think .
he 's not going to like buy me a giant diamond i 've told him to please not buy but he is definitely trying to nudge me in a more traditional direction in an iterative way like this is over a few weeks
him oh how about i just buy you a simple wedding band and propose with that ? ''
me ah ok fine i guess but you 're getting one too . ''
him ok how about if the band is a diamond eternity band ? ''
me uhhhhh idk about diamonds ... maybe if it 's tiny and they 're from canada . ''
him ok how about if they 're from canada and there 's a big center stone ''
just out of curiosity are gold or karma trains a thing in this subreddit ?
every friday the 13th tattoo parlors give free tattoos .
i ca n't wait for the sex scene between mr. plinkett and jay on their wedding night .
also notice that he detoured around the combat camp and gnome area
he is magnificent and hilarious he does some great videos with jacksfilms too like this one on the worst sports https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4jmye-q-rwa and this one on the worst flags https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cdoncm4s65c and has been on the h3h3 podcast twice .
she might have a stash somewhere '' they say but this is still probably one of our better plans . ''
teacher did n't misgender if i 'm reading this right .
the student just wanted to be a brat and used a political hot topic to do so .
there are no vendor items greens do n't count it 's all 100 rng with tokens .
the only person with inventory left is eververse and that 's so you 'll buy bright engrams
the comments that follow are very entertaining if you imagine them in the style of curb your enthusiasm .
i 've looked into it but some are as high at 20 of current balance which can add up quickly..
a lab for a class i am taking currently at a university is strictly excel based .
not to mention that there is a search bar that will literally do anything that you want .
that might work with black bears but the ones in the wild are already terrified of you .
you ca n't intimidate a grizzly you 're supposed to climb or play dead .
if there are no regulations the larger businesses crush all of the smaller ones .
of the businesses you named which ones are actually owned by the person who started them in their garage ?
big businesses will find a way to take small businesses without regulations .
all we 're deciding is whether our government makes the regulations or whether big businesses make the regulations .
i think i spelled out quite clearly why it 's vague .
i ended up triggering grimaldo 's release clause at like £32m during deadline week .
had the money sitting around and had no one else to spend it on .
he 's already and 81 and is a hoss great upgrade at lb .
i mean only one tree has been added since tanks were released to that does n't really mean anything .
my actual main team is jane 4 stars aisha 5 stars uw and frey want to replace with laias once i get her .
i have yet my 2 stars ticket hero selection .
i want maria as my last main hero but while i am trying to get her waiting until she appears at the inn which 2 stars hero would you recommend me ?
when i was 13 i found 13 year old girls sexy .
to defrost put the tin in the fridge for a few hours
no his shield protects him from dying to headshots .
it gives you a huge advantage if you have both good aim and reaction time .
considering the massive energy needs of a big data center this is very impressive !
i thought it was stan but i was n't sure !
the only last name i can think of that starts with ste '' is stepanek .
lets be real 70 of na fans here are tsm fanboys .
most of them wo n't survive on this reddit if their team does n't leave group like this
you can say whatever you want and no one will listen to you because you 're not a known quantity to anyone outside your immediate group and friends and family .
it 's not completely their fault that people pay attention to them and not you .
yes it 's a great game in and out of vr .
if i recall i 've read that comic grading services do n't even differentiate between newsstand and direct .
it only matters to the collector if they value getting both editions .
it 's like someone saying that a collection must have all .30 .35 price variants and mark jewelers editions in order to be complete .
you could keep going down the rabbit hole on what complete '' means .
phantasy star online 2 but sega will never bring it to the west .
i still play the japanese one with an english patch .
he used to prostrate before an alter but he does n't anymore .
thus my confusion he used to use prostration but he does n't anymore .
prostration has its uses ... he is used to its use .
it shows that 8 of southern families owned slaves .
the real estate that nbc/universal owns in midtown alone puts trump 's net worth and little tower on 57th to shame .
ah ok that 's a relief but also leads to my next question what 's the point of them ?
a warning would be sufficient but a lifetime ban during the very first game seems a bit outrageous .
i would n't have thrown one if i was told it would earn me a life ban but not knowing that i would throw one too because you know weve been doing it for literally decades without issue ... .
people need to get over the fact that there is an additional universe made by kodaka in which it is set up in our fictional world set hundred years in the future in which danganronpa games also existed and evolved into killing games reality show .
nothing in dr1-3 and ultra despair girls was retconned or meaningless just like star wars were never retconed just because characters in the movie clerks '' treated the saga as fictional .
what made you decline to bring n to xbox from launch ?
did it bother the developers to delay launch for xbox ?
here uk the bag tax is only 5p but supermarkets carry a thicker plastic bag for 10p and they 're pretty good .
they 'll hold 3x 1.75l coke bottles before breaking .
yes the next update to live should include the new map section .
it seems like they would like to do it without a wipe because they rolled it into test without wiping but there are a few issues that cropped up that they 're trying to figure out .
so at this point it 's anyone 's guess about a wipe .
as for upgrades one of the devs stated a few weeks ago that that is something they are working on .
i 'm sure it 's true that cooperatives are popular with many people in their 40s and 50s but you ca n't really deny the fact that cooperatives are generally associated with the lifestyles of younger people in their 20s .
if you live in that environment at that age 40s and 50s you 're are outlier .
slide in when you fire the krm you wan na be as close as possible
i know from a trip to the local electronics recycling plant that mouse trackballs bounce extremely well .
like so well one of the people i was with dented the ceiling of the warehouse it was in well .
pretty sure they 've already said they will not be doing a cgi carrie .
i do n't think they can just have her go into exile and end it that way though ...
i think she will die just not on screen .
cards are binned differently they 're almost like tiers where each tier offers supposedly better overclocking headroom .
i 've always had good experiences with google 's support on the hardware i own and the free services i use and my boyfriend had a fine experience replacing his pixel under warranty support .
those are just anecdotes of course but the general reactions seem to be consistent with that experience too .
taking that in conjunction with my experience working it and working around high school students i 'm also inclined to take outrageous stories like this with a grain of salt because i always expect some kind of additional details are being left out .
he got kicked out of his last game managing them and now gets kicked off the team .
you would have to throw in a at least a low end wr2 .
of course the idea of a consultant is the guy from out of town with a laptop is the expert '' .
you point that the consultant can help get executives to understand what the techies already know is important .
often a consultant has to come up with a way of taking what the techies understand and munge it with what the business needs to create something that might not be as technically pure but what the business requires .
it 's the best at up to 47 meters and i 'll take it over the 1906 past that because the 1906 has no marksman variant which makes picking headshots too difficult .
how long will you be able to utilize it before it 's too cold ?
i was hoping this post would show how much this community complains .
b play another game c get a job that requires to you work 40 hours a week .
but thats just going to trigger most of the people subscribed here so i refrained from saying stuff like that .
and oddly enough did you just complain about my negative review about being negative by being negative ?
just googled and it was dlg about churchill but i like this quote from stanley baldwin
l. g. was born a cad and never forgot it winston was born a gentle­man and never remem­bered it .
cloud usb and bsb1 my first relics for him .
you can do half and half with water if you want .
and you can still put half of that and just put it back on the chicken with a spoon from time to time .
vacation time is paid by the company but parental leave is paid by the government .
i play whichever game i want whenever it 's available .
i play older games most frequently because i have them already but i buy new ones or play new-to-me ones that others already own .
i do n't seek out new games under the illusion they will be the best game ever .
i seek them out under the illusion that they 'll probably be fun and novel .
oddly enough you could replace colette and lloyd with sophie and asbel and you would get a similar results .
1 week after patch tuesday i approve to qa 1 week after that i push to prod .
her lips look like a five year old tried her moms lipstick for the first time .
you just had your opinion corrected on free speech yet you immediately change the subject and do n't even respond .
sound is not perfect in the game as explained here https www.reddit.com/r/escapefromtarkov/comments/75i7r2/tarkovs_odd_audio_diagnosed
be nice if avery took the stand in his own defense and explained how his blood got in the car .
please say this is n't a phone 's camera ... some of these shots are amazing !
anyone else staring at the circle like an unwashed moron before realizing it 's part of the game and not op drawing our attention to the subject matter ?
pm me ur account details and donate 5 on my twitch as soon as the payment processes you will get a shiny 400pp score !
i 've got free time saturday morning and afternoon and in the evenings sunday monday or tuesday .
let me know what works for you and we 'll get it scheduled !
the boy waits for a taxi or something and a carriage pulls up instead and takes him through time .
i barely remember the plot much less the name but if it comes to me i 'll run back here .
but it was hence why he was only behind by 3 million in popular vote 1 of the population .
it sounds like you 're speaking to the person who was telling a racist joke but i 'm not sure .
i 'll clarify my position for you and maybe you 'll see the difference between criticism and humour .
what i offered was criticism on the tiredness of his subject matter .
eddie murphy was doing edgy racism-based humour in the eighties and chris rock after that not to mention hundreds of unknowns who did n't make it as big .
it 's a worn-out subject and only satisfies self-righteous children who think it 's funny because it 's true .
not sure i see the humour in reminding people how awful their ancestors were but i 'm sure someone could make something funny out of shaka zulu murdering thousands of people and their cows because he was sad about his mother .
racial humour is n't edgy or even particularly funny any more it 's an abdication of creativity .
not only that why 'd motorcycle guy walk to that part and stop
yes you can enter the battle phase with no monsters .
la has made me hope the previous owner of my house hid millions in the walls .
also i pray for the day when my neighbours cut down my trees against my will .
as the parent of a 6 month old this makes me cry .
i have n't heard stellar things about the accuracy and reliablity of them .
that said a threaded .22 barrel with a suppressor would be amazingly fun .
i ca n't help but imagine what a handsome pair those two would make if the pm2 had od green scales .
in the end mass murderer or not they are human and they get affected to if anyone is put under the right wrong in this case conditions anyone can do horrible things
and if you read that antitrust case and the article talking about it in no point did google do anything deliberately shady or unethical '' nor did they spy on anyone unethically . ''
so i do n't really know what you 're getting at .
here 's the part where you proceed to tell me that if i liked a good team like the packers i 'd get it .
as far your little dick measuring contest you both seem like infantile children throwing mud at one another .
again i ask what do you personally have to do with any of the packers ' success ?
you seem like nothing more than an immature man-child with delusions of grandeur .
it 's interesting when you catch a john oliver video early that 's trending '' with 20,000 views in twenty minutes while someone like mark dice or pjw can get that many views inside a minute or two .
my dong is in my computer 's waffle iron just say the word jeff and i 'll send it to the other side
it 's also generally a sign of sociopathic behavior .
you start with innocent animals and then move on to hurting people .
if so do you end up with a lot of late nights ?
perhaps if you went to watch them and brought other people along to watch them over time they 'd improve .
america wo n't be good at football until they start watching local games and encouraging kids to go and watch games .
as much as i do respect eli drake this match is 100x more of a draw and will probably draw significantly more than bound for glory at the gate .
cali here it 's still warm during the day cooler at night but we are burning up ! ! ! ! !
ppl done it 50 and got it at around 50-60 .
u have bad luck then i remmber selling it once lol
let the down votes roll but sexual assault is nothing new in hollywood .
it simply is not a surprise people have known it for years .
what i find interesting about the whole of it is we give these people a pass we even back their opinions on tons of shit from social justice to politics .
wait you mean yoko allowed them to be in the studio without her ? ! ? ? ?
i want to start my health journey and am looking for a good gym preferably around the vic park area .
personally i suggest you skip the gym and find a local park to do some basic cardio and bodyweight exercises .
not this one in particular but this is an example of what you can do .
if you are embarrassed about working out in a local park you can do something like this at home then go for a run .
when the weather was better i used to run at my local park and there were huge groups of people working out sports training fitness groups and boot camps .
my theory is that it got overshadowed by heaven sent being one of the best episodes so far .
heaven sent was just some kind of introduction to hell bent in some way setting it up with overly high expectations probably .
they 're playing the entire carrion thing all the way out .
there 's no objective way to compare albums or music in general it 's all subjective and so are his ratings .
both albums being a 7 means he has the same emotional response/level of enjoyment to both projects .
does n't mean they 're on the same level and the ratings arent supposed to reflect that
lúcio now receives a burst of speed when leaping off a wall .
the feature was to get a burst of speed it was bugged that you could stack it up multiple times by clicking in quick succession .
note i believe you can still stack the speed burst but not from the same wall mashing jump .
jeff 'if you are getting no speed burst at all on the ptr this is a bug you should still get a burst ' .
geoff 'the speed burst mechanic is bugged you should n't be able to stack it by mashing jump .
the ptr change to remove this bug is as intended . '
this was n't a bug it was a feature purposefully added by the developers in a previous patch .
it was a feature but its implementation is bugged and you get too much burst by mashing jump .
you can see how to bug it in the gif you linked
you can do this without scroll or macros and very comfortably with that https gfycat.com/basicashamedemperorshrimp here is a clip of me doing a rollout with nohboard .
you can see i am doing it with rightclick .
now all of this aside from what you think lucio should have to be both fun and fair the reasoning makes perfect sense .
i liked the rollouts and do n't think it 's overpowered .
how much qtum showed up for the original award amount ?
funny story my girlfriend 's ex husband is his great nephew .
if kids who do n't want to learn come to school and choose to be a ghost it would n't be so bad .
but most of the time they come into school and make it impossible for other kids to learn .
soul crushing is n't when a knucklehead chooses to give up .
soul crushing is the teacher having to deal with said knucklehead while other students who want to learn sit there and are unable to learn because their teacher is preoccupied .
i 'm taking the psat tommorow aswell and still worried about the psat even though i totally aced the normal one .
clearly we need to refocus all our attention on her .
played through it on the xbox and it was a quality purchase .
i had n't read that it was the thinker so my mind immediately went to metron and was blown .
introducing the new gods in the flash would be insane .
or if you 're like my college coach you throw 2 and have a dead arm come season end !
every time i see a vintage tee for sale i think the same thing except with u/preme1017
if you need a tl dr your iq is clearly below 100 p
for example in maryland this would be illegal because sbrs need a minimum oal of 29 .
pistols with a brace do n't carry that requirement .
already got my dragon symmetra 😈 working on the van helsing next !
like we 'd be leaving a store as he 's going in or he 'd be leaving the next store over or we 'd be driving and look over and we see him walking
not that eating rats are better or worse than eating cow but it 's faithfully represented by what 's on the label .
the h80i v2 i ordered last month came with one ... there was even an am4 compatible '' sticker added to the box https i.imgur.com/cswmjxd.jpg
you do n't have much to compare it to tho brah
here 's a sneak peek of r/chicago using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/chicago/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 i 'm putting a 300 dollar bounty on portillo 's lemon cake .
2 the chicago cubs are your 2016 world series champions ! ! ! ! !
pepsi is really a bb with ca guns and dd armor .
the ca/cl icon is only because wg could n't figure out a way to make a more useless icon .
low hanging fruit the only ship visible from orbit .
how the hell am i suppose to know everything about a person ?
how dare the high priest sit in front of me
iphone 6s ios 11 deniers are n't taken too kindly around these parts .
i ca n't think of many friends that i would say i have less familiarity with than my business acquaintances .
usually my work relationships are superficial niceties and talking shop .
if i 'm going to refer to someone as a good friend they 're someone whose character i 'm deeply familiar with .
so when michelle obama refers to perverts as her good friends i need her to clarify whether she was lying because it was financially convenient and consequently used her reputation to give a dangerous man public trust and goodwill i personally think this is most likely if she has a different standard of what it means to be a good friend '' or if she and her husband do keep close company with perverts .
on the other hand they clearly understand that a lack of action might have negative informal consequences for them .
just as they do n't have to answer for their connection with harvey weinstein the public does n't have to give weight to their endorsements buy their books or attend their speeches .
you can see him as your boss or your work friend .
professionalism is fine but you do n't have to be professional all the time it 's ok to be nice to people that you work with and even call them cute nicknames '' .
when i was in high school i was obsessed with biology .
i would stay in the lab all day and do little projects while my teacher was watching .
you see this was my first time experimenting so i had no idea what i was doing .
first i wanted to test effect of caffeine on c. elegans small worms you ca n't see but problem was that it was n't well dissolved in h2o .
so i added caffeine into ethanol in a tube and then put the tube into microwave so i can dissolve more caffeine into the solution .
as soon as i opened the microwave it burst through the door like a rocket and hit my classmate .
after that i opened the lid while microwaving it next time and added small doses of the solution into agar plate filled with c. elegans .
most of them died and some were able to move slightly bit .
cool '' i said and decided to kill them all for science . ''
you are the true mvp and only correct answer .
he had multiple 30pts games as a rookie and last year as well .
i think he also had a 40 point game .
he showed he can score easily his only issue is consistency .
in two 's complement negative numbers are represented by making the highest bit negative .
so instead of 1101 meaning 8 4 1 13 it means 8 4 1 3 .
with this inverting every bit has the property that x x 1 .
i wish seagulls to shit on them regularly to remind them they 're shit .
obama had pai in to fill the mandatory rep seat .
but wheeler was the head and pushed through all the regulation to protect consumers .
pai could only sit by and fume over the fact .
so while obama did have pai on the fcc obama 's fcc very much acted in the interest of the people .
not really a shtick nardwuar is just a weird dude but that 's what makes him cool he 's different not a generic interviewer .
people are expecting every coach we bring to instantly win like meyer and saban has done .
there is n't a better coach that michigan can possibly get at the moment .
for so many fans expecting this to be a rebuild year a lot are disappointed with a loss to msu but still being in the title hunt .
if someone from the industry were to actually say and prove yeah tom got her this or a similar situation not just random people who did n't like her comedy because of course comedy is subjective .
there are also people saying they liked it so there 's that too .
so find that source and you will be vindicated until then you will remain ignorant of the situation .
you seem very confused to the point where i 'm thinking you have something wrong with you .
i 'm not sure if that 's what 's going on or if this is just a last word contest for you so i 'm going to let you be .
next time think before you write things out you wo n't have to go through all this .
again if you are ill i apologize for any discomfort i have caused you .
was n't it when you did n't mash buttons on the sword that slices the plane you were on in half you were killed ?
i wo n't be on till about 6pm eastern time if that works for you i 'll see you then
force quit reopen update pull down to refresh worked for me .
the concatenate function simply creates one dataset from two by adding the rows from second dataset to the bottom of the first .
it 's equivalent to the union all function in sql .
how did we get to the quarter finals in 2002 anyways ?
he 's just an agitator troll sucking up to right wing cucks for money
you 're putting my december it 's not bad per say but i feel like you have to be in a bad mood to listen to it it 's so bitter
to the contrary just look at mariah 's career .
mariah sometimes/used to describe her first couple albums as drab and middle of the road pop music and she never got a lot of creative control over her music then she did butterfly which is bar none her best album .
still waiting for something to turn the prowler into a double-barreled russian t-90
yeah stiching is not the only problem the wolves are supposed to be bigger and face inward the chest
you know i could take you seriously if you were talking about first season only .
s2 is unwatchable crap and all that because of the most terrible voice in the history of anime .
it looks like you 're posting about a bug .
have you checked to see if it 's already on the known issues list https us.battle.net/forums/en/heroes/topic/20758728734 ?
if it 's not there consider posting it to the bug report forums https us.battle.net/forums/en/heroes/13268292 .
it 's a lot more likely to be solved that way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/heroesofthestorm if you have any questions or concerns .
so it 's a bad thing for girls to learn self reliance self worth fishing skills camping and outdoor skills and leadership ?
as the formatting is meant to only format numbers .
killing off parents is literally writing a hero 101 '' because it makes you sympathetic for the character and gets you involved in the story .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i trust he 'll have another injured spell on my bench this season .
but more than 5 min and i think its being rude .
for some people 5 minutes is what you feel for one minute .
they do n't see 5 minutes as being rude .
they see 5 minutes as nothing of consequence and do n't think it is rude unless someone is say 20 minutes late .
to them 5 minutes is missing the subway and waiting for the next or having to go to the bathroom before getting there .
so in the reverse if they are 5 minutes late they do n't see it as being rude .
and do n't understand why someone might be upset .
only thing i 've seen is literally some random comment on the gally thread in r/hockey
i think because he kind of reached an agreement with ra 's ?
and his reckless attack on the sanctuary is what caused the genocide of the entire us government ?
let me quote myself from one comment ago that does n't mean they are n't anti-gay just that it appears the group has a broader focus . ''
i 'm glad this exists because amiibo tourneys are like cpu tourneys but better
it 's ok as long as the russians are in it ...
i do n't know of any that rely on a mac address other than setting up a bridge .
you 're using the wifi password so this is only a security issue if your password is compromised .
in the index dreads and venerable dreads can take a twin autocannon on either arm .
iirc a couple years ago mario and rod tigers broadcasters were talking about how he focused on retooling his swing to keep the meat of the bat in the zone longer which he focused on watching videos of miggy to get an idea of how to replicate it .
he also started logging his at bats in his notebooks as seen from the postseason this year which also could have helped .
he 's just a real student of the game .
looking back we definitely misread how impactful censer would become
if this is true you need to fire your whole balance team .
the plus side is i know his house family car everything this man does basically and he 's been my middle for 4 years and never robbed me .
like i said ... . if he goes to jail yeah i am fucked so for that i should be careful .
i 'll definitely try not to front unless it 's absolutely necessary ... this guy usually does n't need a front from me it 's usually just here and there .
members in my league are saying team b wins and is way undervaluing julio .
it 's part of why i vented here because it felt so isolating to watch her and to be able to viscerally feel the discomfort only to have it not only dismissed but thrown in my face like i 'm on some delusional vendetta out to ruin every perfectly and obviously innocent man 's life .
and even after explaining how difficult it can be to get yourself out of those situations because if you do anything too aggressive '' or critical '' to stop it then they get mad at you might threaten you physically or in these kinds of cases threaten your career or they might just attack you personally and they/other men will say you were overreacting took it wrong crossed the line were a bitch do n't know how to have a good time blah blah blah ... and then proceeded to have someone tell me to calm down . ''
one of them even tried to infantilize me by insulting my use of the word gross '' as something a 3rd grader would say .
janae being new to strength sports i did n't know who you were prior to the ama being posted .
i 've since read up on your story which i find incredible .
for me any lack of progress in the gym is a huge discouragement .
how do you stay motivated to train while watching your numbers decrease ?
aside from strength losses have you noticed any other significant effect on training ?
forcing this to be the day after 2 of our starters have wcc'ing is so aggravating .
have you tried removing the monster power hts 3600 mkii from the equation and see if you continue to crash ?
with the right accessories you can easily get 100 mile range out of 90 minutes charging time for city riding .
they are still pricey going for about 15-20k realistically but they 're offering a discount on 207 's going into winter and you might get tax credit as well .
if you 're never going to travel that far in a day on the bike and you 're in a city where there 's electric charging infrastructure you should be fine .
electric accessories can let you charge from an outlet as well as level 2 charging stations .
manga status publishing genres comedy romance ecchi slice of life
for the attribute requirements you can always grab the major passive that give 30 to the stat .
then later on respec that back into your tree progression .
otherwise try to grab the stats in a amulet that tends to be an easy place to fill those in unless you need a specific unique
newmind is the place to go for free acid .
they always have it and it 's a lot less than sodium .
i guess you did n't really read what i wrote .
but anyways i 'll show you why you can run impressive title better than smite .
2.0 ghz dual-core processor intel core 2 duo or amd athlon x2
processor core 2 duo 2.4 ghz or althon x2 2.7 ghz .
graphic card ati or nvidia graphics card with 512mb video ram or better and shader model 3.0 support .
notice how smite requires about double the amount of resources impressive title does ?
and as they add more things the requirements grow higher .
if you were to find the system requirements on smite 's official page it likely says subject to change without notice . ''
the specs i listed were likely from the games original launch and are now probably higher .
lol i actually originally had that in my post .
i never thought soccer would be this entertaining this story just gets better and better.
edit since some people ca n't tell a personal opinion unless it 's explicitly worded out let me re-word this for clarity complete with necessary parentheticals for the slower redditors out there .
i never thought soccer would be this entertaining to me i understand it 's enjoyable for a great many people in the world this story just gets better and better .
would/could there be a way to preview '' dimensions with this ?
it would be nice if this is for the europe tour ❣
bq for standard work day lunches my husband and i make two big batches of something the beginning of the week and then it gets portioned out so we can easily just grab a container each day .
they tend to be easy meals like pasta in a white sauce with lots of vegetables tamale pie enchiladas stir fry over rice .
but if i 'm home and have time i 'm a sucker for a good sandwich or a big ass salad .
start working on running bibliography which means i may be printing a lot of reading material too
the reason this works at all is because each individual stormtrance hit counts as a melee the same way the ranged stormcaller melee does .
youtube link if for some reason you do n't want to watch twitch https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4lpdrmx0zlc
unpopular opinion but using mturk as a main source of income can not be healthy long .
you need to be around people and not in front of a screen for 10 hours mindlessly filling out surveys .
i use this on the side for extra money and love it but you need human interaction and should be able to pick up a min .
wage job at the least very easily that will be better for you and will pay you better .
just a tip the job market is the hottest it has been in some time i highly recommend setting a goal to find more gainful employment and use mturk on the side .
what 's blocking right now is mostly my head and the standards of care .
i 'm sure my therapist would write the letter if i ask i just have n't .
i know a lot on here push ic but one i 'm not sure there 's one that close to me and two my insurance covers everything transition related including surgery if i follow the standards of care .
i also think the decision should be made with my partner too .
she and i make decisions together and her feelings matter .
we 're working through that with our couple 's counselor and we 're making progress .
lisa in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics !
tiger is just as deadly and will absolutely fuck your shit up
more people are bit by tigers than brown in all of oz
but you can get it by the age of 16 .
pretty much the summary of what typical gun-loving americans think when they see anything related to gun control
think for a minute and realize how horrifically authoritarian the consequences would be .
like the fact that he does n't close himself off in an echo chamber is a bad thing to you .
how the fuck do you think ethan is cool '' he 's a sad sack talentless shill that 's life goal is to make money off the losers that follow his pointless existence .
a boring conversationalist a cry baby google hater and an abusive husband .
because they 're most likely retired have their own businesses or wealthy .
reddit repeats dumb jokes past the point where they were funny ?
what kind of things do you make in your workshop ?
eurgh i hate it when you 're trying to write something and you end up typing or writing whatever you just heard or maybe it only happens to me ...
aa others have pointed out the m would become a w and the c will be backwards .
to make use of negative mass we need weights of 8-0 .
well for the vestroga hub one of our region s is called airman instability .
so any traveler there will be referred to as an airman '' or airwoman '' .
even with no evidence he was one of the only if not the only miner back at the start 2009 mining 50 btc every 10 mins on average .
200k btc or a billion dollars would be a low estimate really .
general veers was going to be a hero in swbf 2015 but dice said they did n't want all the heroes to be officers .
only officer hero was krennic meanwhile most the empire heroes were n't even imperials .
she cares for herself the way she used to care about you
if you look closely you can see that it 's actually glue in the tree .
just pointing it out because the beats are really really good for me .
gilgamesh with 4 letters because he talks a lot and arms
here 's what i predict your channel 's bound to crash down to rubble
this is giving me flashbacks to old n64/gamecube-era games .
like everyone else said the kerning is a tad wonky but in terms of pure aesthetics i like it a lot !
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
breach of rule 6 the following will be removed at moderator discretion
6.1 content that is unrelated especially unoriginal or low-effort/low-quality including but not limited to simple website/software bugs steam/product reviews comedic product/system specs steam gift messages and internet speed test results .
6.2 pictures of boxes without accompanying hardware or build photos .
pictures of purchase or shipping related notifications and information .
6.6 feigning idiocy when posting or commenting or linking to such content .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/wiki/rules page or the sidebar to the right .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pcmasterrace message=https www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/75ooq3 .
that 's why i post here to get feedback on correct posture .
the fact that she 's attractive and it bothers you is about you .
and that 's even though part of the original ingredient yonks ago was cocaine .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
if you click the link it should take you directly through to the event page which provides details of the agenda and the expertise of the guest speakers .
it 's a masterclass as well be providing practical advice and recommending technical solutions to help refine processes for complaince
squall came later than the other 2 though so likely rolling out soon .
and thank you for not dissing on aa or meds
my wife has a phd in cog neuro and called the exact same shit before we watched this one .
i do n't agree with everything she says but i definitely think you may just be really bad at reading people .
i 'm mainly interested in the little hints he dropped revealing he potentially knew about the shooting the items used and ways they were brought to the room .
days prior he told police he knew nothing and had n't spoke to him for months .
investigators found out differently and then he came out of his house to give this statement .
her weakness has been not ever stating anything at all throughout her time as pm .
my bad i 'll need to get more of my news from ign .
you know yo ass ai n't flat but since you asked you 're a pawg and that 's what i like
now shut all the channels of the alt right freaks .
ikr no ones polite enough to say sir or ma'am where i am .
ainoa huomio joka roskaviestittelijälle kannattaa antaa on blokkaus somessa ilmoitus moderaattorille tai vakavassa tapauksessa poliisille – ja sen jälkeen täydellinen unohdus .
whenever you 're suffering as you are right now it 's because you want something you did n't get or you did n't want something that you got .
any time you 're frustrated or bothered or angry or annoyed is an opportunity to investigate what is it about the state of the world right now that i want to be different ?
what do i think would have to change for me to be happy with the way things are right now ? ''
you dig down and you find something you do n't want to let go of .
usually because it 's part of your idea of yourself or how you want others to see you .
so you dig down and find it and say ah fuck it . ''
c'mon now ... if you 're going to insinuate things like that be brave enough to come out and say it .
i 'm in love with this series feels like it belongs on hbo they do n't hold back and it 's amazing .
1 shot kill weapons like that should never be available as much as they were in d1 .
sniping promotes an even more campy play style than the mida meta and shotgun just promotes unkillful play .
90 of the kill feed in d1 was shotguns .
i would sell my organs if it meant these staying in heavy slot .
do n't know if this matters but ot is ☆raider☆
sorry about that it was traded for a normal pikachu
well he 's a trump supporter so likely that .
same with i 'm sure much of the rest of the family .
probably makes family gatherings a little awkward since sean and catherine are definitely not .
come here and give your uncle a nice big meal
that obstruction is kinda neat for ts not jumping so quickly on a close angle for cts to watch from bs ramp long
i love being tailgated by aggressive douchebags in raised 4wd utes .
how in heavy traffic they like to they back off and accelerate into you only to slam on the brakes inches from your bumper .
and i love how i have to move into the right lane to let these fuckwits go past .
amygdala and the one reborn are probably the biggest in bloodborne but they 're probably not anywhere near the biggest in the series
murata stated in a stream that if metal bat had hit garou without his sister interverning garou most lilley would of died .
the problem metal bat had with garou was his speed and his ability to repel attacks .
however id like you to note in the source garou did react just not fast enough .
he flung metal bat several metres away and was walking away from mb when he said if one of those swings mangaed to hit me it would of ended badly for me ... well he didnt hit me is all '' keep in mind this was a pre-amp version of mb and then bats sister called out and garou turned and saw the bat coming .
i seriously question this scene as garou has the instinct of a monster and the reflexes to be able to detect a huge guy with a metal bat sneaking up on him .
the only conclusion i could come to was that this amped version mb was too fast for garou .
it isnt a question of weather garou would win eventually .
its a question of how long he could survive against mb 's evergrowing physical stats .
by the way the databook states that given enough fighting spirit metal bat 's power begins approaching infinity .
i dont think he has a limit until he switches off like he did with his sister
and the ss god ritual was a one time thing its not going to happen again .
there is no point goku already unlocked god ki .
the other saiyans can just give goku their energy if they wish there 's absolutely no point for the ritual .
i want to see pics of him dumping cum in her !
well he did n't employ you for your acting skills did he love ?
hi there my commander lvl is 30 and i have a bunch of 4 star tanks and 2 5 star tanks between lvl 24-28 .
are there any tips to farm productively in this event ?
my goal are the 2 scout 5 stars and maybe one bag for 5000 pumpkins .
hi all i have the opportunity to go to spain to receive a level 1 uefa b equivalent coaching badge .
i see this as investing money in myself and i really am interested in learning about the methodology in spain and obtaining this license opposed to continuing to obtain ussf licenses .
i have money saved but do you think i 'm crazy to be considering this ?
skin info metjm b/o keys b/o skins screenshot in game
i 've had this set https www.amazon.com/dp/b06zygw8v1/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_6413zbggeyx42 for a year but it 's absolutely useless for easy cleanup .
i 've tried coating them with butter olive oil nonstick spray nothing seems to work .
hi guys ive recently tried charlottes web everyday plus cbd oil and it worked great for my anxiety and ocd .
i was wondering if you can buy cbd oil without any thc in it at all as i get randomly drug tested at my work and ca n't afford to lose my license .
ive heard of cbd isolate but was looking for it in oil form if possible or capsules .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https sputniknews.com/science/201710121058167594-russian-scientists-find-cancer-fighting-creature reduced by 26 .
a team of scientists from the far eastern federal university in the russian far east have discovered that the extract of the pacific brittle star a deep-water marine animal related to the starfish can be used to help defeat one of the deadliest forms of cancer .
a report recently published by the researchers in a peer-reviewed scientific journal explains that the extract of the ophiura irrorata turns off the wnt-signaling pathways in cancer cells which cause the uncontrolled growth of tumors .
vsevolod cherepanov a researcher at the pharmacology of natural compounds department at the far eastern federal university 039 s school of biomedicine explained that he and his fellow scientists have been conducting tests using extracts from some 80 marine invertebrates collected in the sea of okhotsk in 2015 on triple-negative breast cancer known as a particularly aggressive form of cancer which claims up to 200,000 lives each year .
according to researchers the strongest effect on the cancer cells was shown by ethanol extract of the snake-tailed the ophiura irrorata a pacific brittle star member of the ophiuridae family .
cherepanov said that the extract almost completely turns off wnt-signaling pathway of cancer cells .
according to scientists the alternative of actually growing ophiura irrorata would be very extremely difficult since it would require replicating the tremendous pressure found thousands of meters below the sea where the pacific brittle star was caught .
summary source http smmry.com/https sputniknews.com/science/201710121058167594-russian-scientists-find-cancer-fighting-creature faq http autotldr.io 228926 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords cancer 1 extract 2 scientists 3 researcher 4 scientific 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/75wjf0/russian_scientists_fight_cancer_using_extract and r/thenewsfeed http np.reddit.com/r/thenewsfeed/comments/75wew9/russian_scientists_fight_cancer_using_extract .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
is it worth delidding a 6600k or is the risk not worth the reward .
is there such thing as self service laundry in yerevan ?
i need some build advice given sp is so limited i am trying to weight the options of having flash zip lightning burst at 1 point each with some on assasin twilight veil .
or should i just go all in on assassin tv ?
i ca n't seem to figure out the damage potential vs both .
i know that lightning burst and flash zip can also get increased ds damage but is it worth it ?
a few days ago i posted something rather upsetting about feeling just numb basically well i finally decided it 's time to open up and talk i have gone to the doctor and now i 'm on anti-depressants for the next three months .
there is webside 3cviponline.com where they r selling used laptops for 200 meanwhile used laptops on amazon r selling for 999 i mean fck that how can i report that webside ?
i now have at least 18000000 experience points in the herblore skill .
b/o 60k negotiable willing to take skins/knives as well but prefer keys i am willing to negotiate but no low balling .
we broke up about 3 weeks ago and i have had a lot of trouble .
he broke up with me and i moved out and he says he does not want a relationship .
i will reach out to him then he will reach out to me .
we have had sex twice because i ca n't stay away from him .
he texted me saying he misses me but he still does n't want anything and i told him we have to stop talking and he says ok but then texts me again .
its so hard not to talk to him knowing he is there but he wo n't give me all of him .
i dont want just sex but he keeps saying he does n't want to be in a relationship .
how do i stop knowing he will be there if i want to see him even though i know its not good because i need to get over him ?
just felt like sharing my story so basically what i did was i loaded a .25 gram bowl on our 18 inch beaker bong and had my friends light me via three different lighters and they torched it as hard as possible and afterwards i did n't smoke any more even though usually i would keep smoking except sharing the bong and taking smaller rips .
i somehow managed to get to a solid 7 i was so fucked and out of it even though i assumed i had high tolerance because i smoke quite often and have even taken a .5 gram hit oncer before before which was also the highest i 've ever gotten by far even though i smoked more then just .5 on that day
picture of my eyes after just that one hit https i.gyazo.com/2b78ab516e26cc6ea04d74567f694d95.png
i 'm just sharing this to say big hits and tolerance breaks are the shit lately i 've been smoking larger amounts 1 grams .
except with smaller rips and i really did n't expect to get so blasted after only taking one hit you guys should try taking smaller amounts in one hit and see if you get what i got out of it from now on this is how i will conserve my weed except perhaps doing more then one large hit if i want to get even higher .
the below comes from my experiences with owning both .
some items below may be outdated or incorrect due to user error ignorance or other ineptitudes
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦makes you double check all 24 words which prevents mistakes
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦i wrote down one ledger word wrong before and it was a pain to figure out when restoring
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦supports unlimited number of pass phrases simultaneously
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦can use single accounts with copay potentially useful for setting alerts/notifications copay ledger support is only for multisig
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦one handed operation makes it easier to conceal screen in public
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦ca n't confirm which passphrase was typed without revealing plain text on computer screen
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦passphrase visible on the ledger screen by comparison is a nice feature
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦do n't need to type passphrase into computer
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp •-13°f to 185°f
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦process of entering in recovery phrase is a bit faster than doing so on a trezor
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦does n't show full address in confirmation screen .
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦using more than one passphrase regularly is tedious as only one can be stored at the same time .
others need to be entered on the device each time which is time consuming .
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦when trying to send tokens from my ether wallet mew if you are using ledger wallet then you may get invalid status 6a80 and will have to enable contract data in the application settings .
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦turning on and off browser support in settings to use mew can be a pain .
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦common to get waiting for ledger '' hang-up when using copay
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦security note when using two passphrases
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦'if you provide one pin to an attacker keeping control of the device for some time it can be leveraged to try to brute force the other pin as the counter is reset during a successful pin input and both pins share the same retry counter in current firmware versions .
the best course of action is to restore and transfer your assets to a different seed quickly if this happens . ''
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦device reset after 3 attempts feels a bit short .
i 've came close to having to restore my device a dew times .
first attempt i might have made a typo now for my second attempt do i try my pin again in case i made a typo or should i try the second most likely pin it could be ? ''
particularly if access to your backup is n't easy to come by .
nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp ◦when recovering the device the u2f counter does n't reset so you 'll have to preform a number of dummy authentications until the counter is higher than what it was before reset .
feel free to add others you have come across or share which of the above i am wrong about .
some have asked me if i would start make the defender videos again .
i will be in time as rl is a little crazy right now .
on anima but can use slow on famfrit to reduce number of attacks
this is considered a new presense so make sure you at least complete once so that you get your 1 free summon ticket
anima is resistance to curse famfrit is resistance to stun and curse
heretical knight use dark spec both great health great defense has defensive drives for dark dark spec resistance to dark also can drive fire fire spec to get rid of foam debuff
paladin 2 great health great defense has defensive drives for water also can drive fire to get rid of foam debuff .
monk 1 great health good defense has defensive drives to dark dark spec fire spec opens stun lock also can drive fire to get rid of foam debuff
warrior 2 decent health good defense has defensive drives for water also can drive fire to get rid of foam debuff resistance to water if completed hof one of the best defenders for the week !
knight decent health good defense has resistance to water can stun lock target
moogle suit high defense decent health can stun lock target
scholar decent health low defense can drive water has resistance to fire can drive fire to remove foam debuff
snow high defense high health high dmg can drive dark and water badass tank of the week
so for cards this week i would recommend for each setup would be this these are card styles i would use for both
heretical knight beginner taunt stun slow bbd/crd for yellow guage .
advanced taunt any works legendary powie yowie aoe slow legendary belial aoe stun or aranea ffxv yellow dmg stun vampire ffxiii aoe debarrier
monk beginner taunt stun slow unguard or bbd/crd for yellow guage .
advanced taunt any works legendary powie yowie aoe slow glaio ffxv vampire ffxiii aoe debarrier aranea ffxv yellow dmg stun
advanced max taunt water legendary golem aoe unguard or legendary dragon bbd+crd ffxiv bismark stun slow debarrier finding peace sleep
advanced max taunt water ffxii ashe unguard and stun ffxiv bismark stun slow debarrier legendary dragon crd and bbd
advanced taunt any works legendary powie yowie aoe slow legendary belial aoe stun or aranea ffxv yellow dmg stun vampire ffxiii aoe debarrier
advanced taunt water y'shtola dissidia ff debrave and debarrier bismark ffxiv stun slow debarrier legendary treeface aoe weaken
advanced taunt water bismark ffxiv stun slow debarrier legendary powie yowie aoe slow ashe ffxii unguard and stun
these are just basic/advanced with the right cards setups that i would use this week as a defender !
i will say these are only setups of cards i currently own .
if you find a few other types of setups that work for you def leave them in the comments below .
i would love to see how each of you as defenders take this info and expand upon it .
make new decks and post em and show me how they work to make my current builds even better
warrior type masamune x or dragvandil x. i have seen a few defenders with buster sword for more damage but i do n't recommend it .
also if you would like some tips on how to be a defender please do not hesitate to message me and i can help out to the best of my knowledge !
keep you buddies alive and debuff that boss up good !
good luck to you all this week in all you 4 fights hope you all are doing well on hof and keep getting those jobs maxed out !
i do n't think i can start dungey vs clemson .
that just seems like it 's asking for a 7 point start .
my only other options on the wire are james blackmon vs duke ertz if he plays vs tcu and the midtn qb .
my backup is jmar smith who is on bye .
as the title states i 'm looking to join a h2h league that has any spots available !
i prefer leagues that are on yahoo or espn and would prefer to join a league that requires a buy in of 30 or less preferable method of money transfer is league safe .
i got a nasty virus that seems to have shut down my antimalware and ability to factory reset .
i 'm not a tech guy at all and am at a complete loss as to what to do .
it somehow let me boot into advanced startup and i hard reset it .
i 'll be sure to download much better antivirus software in the future .
i want to play pokemmo and i can play roms themselves but i need to be able to run an exe file if i want to play .
i can not get into developer mode because i have a school issued chromebook .
i 'm writing this in particular after vargas lascano 's psych 223 midterm today but this has happened in a few of my other exams so far this term too .
does it not occur to you guys just how loud the door slam is ?
like i get that you 're finished and you wan na get the hell out of there but for the love of god it 's extremely loud and super disruptive .
this is also coming from me who wears earplugs during exams and the sound travels right through them .
i ca n't imagine how loud it must be for everyone who does n't wear them .
so yeah basically kudos to you for finishing early but do n't be a dick about leaving let the people still writing have some quiet to concentrate
is there a way to get the in-college credit for a cross listed course you took in the past ?
for example i took ilrst 2100 which is crosslisted with stsci 2100 .
stsci 2100 gets you credit within a s but ilrst does not .
is there any chance that the university would honor the credit ?
if this was already posted i 'll delete it i searched but did n't see it
isc2 has released the detailed content outline for the new exam in advance of the update .
please note beginning in april 2018 the cissp exam will be based on a new exam outline .
in advance of the new exam outline being available the detailed content outline dco is currently available .
the dco is a less detailed version of the exam outline but will give you an overview.
before anyone gets heated putting it out there that i myself never quit crucible games even if i 'm left 1v4 .
when i first started playing ib and noticed the high amount of quitters i started to get mad naturally .
but eventually i just started to laugh and smile because now it shows so clearly to bungie this is what you get when you are so chickensh*t to put a leaver 's penalty .
maybe with game after game after game of seeing people leave crucible they 'll finally realize hmm there could be a problem here ... ''
it 's goddamn 2018 and companies still ca n't figure this sh*t out ...
i would always write as much as possible '' but when i put an adverb in front of possible i 'm not sure whether i need to insert is '' .
the need to interpret human action as charitably as is reasonably possible is enshrined within our legal system . ''
i help run a website tailored to occupational therapists .
normally i lurk around here every now and again because a lot of times we have the same barriers in our profession .
one of our writers wrote about physical therapy myths and ways to celebrate pt month .
it 's a pretty neat article https newgradoccupationaltherapy.com/physical-therapy-myths-debunked and thought it was a cool shout out to our favorite co-treat partners
if souls exist in your world when do they come into the world ?
i am looking to build a pc that targets 1080p 60+fps on ultra for most games .
my budget is around 1000 for the tower itself not including the monitor and peripherals .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/t9cnps price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/t9cnps/by_merchant
this will be my first time building a pc so any advice is appreciated .
i would like to get an amd gpu since freesync monitors are almost 200 cheaper than gsync .
i might be overclocking but i do n't plan to use crossfire/sli or expand on the system .
let me know if you think i need something better or should add/drop certain parts .
i 'm still in the first city minas ithil and there 's a legendary captain .
should i even go after him or leave him alone ?
they were telling how oculus go had next generation lenses and an improved made for vr '' screen better than in the rift .
this information of vr ready improvements in combination with a big price drop could indicate a new rift model coming out within the year .
or do you think the rift model will slowly be replaced by the wireless model with the 4 sensors in the front of the headset shown as well ?
i am not sure if it works everytime i do try it before i go to sleep i ca n't sleep for next 2 hours .
after two days i do n't have any headaches and no tinnitus humming/ringing in ears at all .
but i feel really weird after couple of days .
i am fed up with constant headaches and migraines all the time .
i did try pot opium-based madicine and it works but it 's either illegal or i can get easily addicted .
triptan paracetamol ibupforen or any dexocetophrofen does not work .
sid meier 's civilization iv 2 in 1 1 csgo key
dead island epidemic x 8 0.30 each or 2 for all
minion masters x2 one is india and the other is sea 1 for each
warhammer end times vermintide drachenfels dlc and razorfang poison item 4
melissa k. and the heart of gold collector 's edition
and do n't say seccession was n't allowed because you would be incorrect .
it would n't be until 1869 four years after the civil war that the supreme court ruled that states could n't secceed .
prior to the civil war may people adhered to the compact theory '' the union is not a national government but instead a compact of independent sovereigns somewhat like a league of nations .
nations can unilaterally rescind treaties so under compact theory could the states unilaterally rescind their membership in the us .
like france leaving nato or australia pulling out of the un .
compact theory had a long and respectable pedigree in american politics .
jefferson was a proponent and at one point so was madison at least for a while .
the states are not bound by anything like contract law .
the states are sovereign they entered into a compact and they can withdraw from at will .
actually under civil war was the second time states dealt with seccession .
the first time was new england 's seccession during the war of 1812 .
in a hilarious flip it was the many of the northern states that were arguing that states had the right to succeed while it was the southern states that was arguing that states did not have that right .
the issue at the time was not as clear cut and people did not have the national identity that we have today .
found this on r/porn_plots and i really want to know where it 's from .
i have recently switched from flux to windows 10 night light however the night light it is not working the way i want it to work i would like the night light to be on at all times .
i tried achieving this by configuring the night light schedule in a certain way but it did n't work out .
then i turned the schedule off but this means that i have to manually turn the light on every time my pc boots .
i was wondering if one of you coding wizards could write a powershell script that turns on the night light .
or even better a script that checks if the night light is activated and if it 's not activated it turns on the night light .
i could then make the script run at startup with a batch file or a shortcut .
i have done plenty of google searches but i could n't find a script that does what i described .
i also tried coding something myself but i suck and i did n't even know where to find the required syntax ...
if any of you could help me out it would be very much appreciated !
here are my current night light settings in case you need them https imgur.com/a/r33je
kirk vs sf is pretty tempting but cam had been on fire .
so u/d0ku revealed that five new es weapons are inbound https www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/75qepn/upcoming_es_smgs/do8676b .
we know of lmgs and smgs the remaining 3 might be carbines battle rifles or snipers assault rifles possibly shotguns ?
regardless the question is if dbg have any plans to create a new weapon 's directive for this series ?
frankly i think they should count for class-specific directives e.g .
for the la or infil and possibly for the respective weapon directives .
however it could be nice for long-term players if those '*3rd generation ' es weapons also had a directive tree of their own similar to the mayham or exceptional directive tree .
the rewards do n't need to be extravagant and could e.g .
allude to the works of faven and d0ku for the armor and weapon sets nsx and 3rd gen e.g .
otherwise it could even be considered to grant a guaranteed rare or es implant implant that is n't owned and iso-4 for the final tier .
if you want to go all-in even faction-flavored cosmetics or special decals could be considered .
my op choice definitely depends on what room i 'm defending and i know i 'm not alone .
so would n't it make more sense if the vote came up before the op and loadout selection ?
also with a vote count the one you see after you vote on the bottom ?
i mean it 's fine when i 'm running with friends but it can be annoying in when i 'm playing with randoms who wo n't communicate .
i hate rushing back to select an op with two seconds left .
two years ago today i decided enough was enough !
so instead of heading to the liquor store the moment it opened i climbed back into bed to ride it out not recommended .
for a week i lay in bed shaking sweating shitting sorry listening to weird aural hallucinations .
i knew i had made it through the worst when i watched a video on r/animalsbeingderps that made me laugh out loud .
i laughed and laughed and then i started to cry and cry .
i howled and bawled for a good 20 minutes before i made the connection that this was me getting my feelings back .
i 'm in my mid-forties and these past two years have been the most intense period of personal growth i 've ever experienced .
i go to individual therapy now to learn how to cope with many of the overwhelming feelings i was trying to numb with alcohol .
i am still a work in progress and am still struggling with certain feelings of low self worth .
which is why i will give myself a little self love today and be proud of what i have accomplished .
no mate youve got confused somewhere that 's not what i 've said at all .
the south didnt depend on cheap labour it depended upon its agricultural industry which is the industry in which the slaves would have worked .
this is the reason why the north wanted to abolish slavery to use it as an excuse for a just war '' once states started seceding as the norths economy was not in anyway shape or form reliant upon slaves in the north it was more economically feasible to actually pay your workers a wage that they would then go out and spend on food and other taxable goods
in old dust2you were able to spot the feet of someone who hides behind the blue container on longdoors of dust2 if you went a little deeper into pit this is n't possible anymore which i am fine with but be glad if they made it like in the old dust2 .
maybe player a and b have the same quest and in this quest they must bring npc x item x but this item is only one time on the map how the two can complete the quest ?
will be there an chest refill or how will it work ?
so i 'm mostly beyond the planning stages for my first proper home server upgrading from a raspberry pi3 4tb nas drive .
i have a small home office with a sofa in it with a bit of space underneath i think this will be an ideal spot to stick the server out of the way .
there 's nothing else under there and pending measurements should be a big enough gap for it .
we live in uk where it gets coldish during winter the floor is carpet .
i do n't really want to put it directly on the carpet as i think that wo n't be great for it in terms of cooling and the wife probably wo n't be happy if it damages the carpet which she 'll never see as it 's under a sofa but we do n't want to make waves ...
i could also make some little feet for it out of something to raise it up off the cardboard ?
what is everyones thoughts on this where do you keep your home server if you do n't have enough room for a proper rack ?
is sticking it directly on the floor a bad idea ?
also if anyone has the dimensions of an r710 to hand that would be great so i can measure and see how much space i 'll have under there .
i saw an ana sleep an ulting pharah and she said justice could use a nap '' .
i scored a 167 on the september lsat and a 161 in june .
my gpa is exactly 3.700 a double major in computer science and philosophy .
i have done a couple programming internships but no work experience otherwise .
i am a non-urm and do not need scholarship money .
i am going straight from undergrad to law school .
i was pt-ing at 169 before my september test and feel like i could score a 168-171 given a month of studying .
however i do not know if a third test-take would look bad to schools .
i also was planning on applying late october and am not sure if retaking and getting a 168 in january is much better than a 167 in october .
the schools i am targeting are usc ucla vanderbilt berkeley cornell and georgetown .
i am also applying below and above but those are the core .
i am getting competing suggestions from my advisor teachers and friends .
when you set it up did an att screen come up or is there an option for how to handle the lte ?
my ss s2 got replaced with an s3 with lte it is a long story and i have n't even unwrapped it yet got it last night but i did n't even look into any of this because this was n't something i was anticipating because as much as i lusted for one it was n't in this years budget since we 're dealing with a relo two new computers rip 9 year old imac and husband 's computer a new car for him we have shared for 3 years having to rent him an apt in the other city while i go back and forth for my job ... and a brand new ac for the house ... fun fun fun !
are the devils going to fall back to earth or did the metro just get that much more competitive ?
has anyone tried making hyperloop on a small scale as a university project ?
in a few moths i 'm moving abroad and im not sure what i should do with my pc .
the specs are i7 6700k gtx 1070 g1 hyperx fury 16gb .
is it possinble to take my pc abroad without dismenteling it ?
should i sell it and by a new one once im settled in the new country ?
the presenter must be a black researcher in ai and does not need to be the first author . ''
are we doing workshops by race and gender now ?
the point of this post the presenter must be a black researcher in ai and does not need to be the first author . ''
maybe i should be clear are we doing workshops by race and gender like this now ? ''
i do not have any problem with women in ml or black in ai for collaboration as long as anyone can present their ideas in their workshops/conferences .
the bible seems to be a parade of god 's contempt for human kind .
he orders abraham to murder his son the fact that he rescinds it at the last moment is irrelevant he kicks adam and eve out of eden for doing something that they were incapable of understanding was wrong he violates pharaoh 's free will to prevent him from freeing the jews just so he can visit more plagues onto the people of egypt who had no say at all in whether the jews were freed and of course kills the entire population of the planet with the exception of one boatload of people and animals .
you might bring up the sacrifice of jesus but no one has ever been able to satisfactorily explain to me why it was even necessary .
the whole thing smacks of god having rules that he has to work within .
christians keep talking about a loving god '' and how god loves us '' .
can anyone show one single example from anywhere in the bible that demonstrates this ?
hi all hopefully i 'm in the right place for this question .
i am thinking about getting a used wrangler in the next week or so .
and by thinking about i mean i 'm dead set on it with one minor reservation .
i have two kayaks that i use a lot during the warm months and i transported them on top of my now totaled ford escape .
i have thule crossbars a thule hull-a-port pro and a thule hullavator pro lift .
this system worked really well on my escape and i 'm hoping that i wo n't have to buy a whole new system if i get a wrangler .
has anyone used thule kayak products with their wrangler ?
will it be a huge headache to transport my kayaks if i decide to get a wrangler ?
so i 'm a brewing newbie but had an idea for a flavored soda that i want to sell at farmers markets and eventually maybe restaurants .
i know how to make the underlying syrup but i 'm getting stuck at the carbonation stage .
i 've seen tutorials online but most of these appear to be for carbonating drinks just before you drink them .
if anyone knows the best way to carbonate drinks that will then be bottled and may be on the shelf for a few days/week i 'd appreciate any and all advice .
so today i am finally meeting with a therapist .
i 've never seen one in the past even though i probably should have at different points in my life and i 'm extremely anxious about this meeting .
i know tons of people in therapy and i know its a process and it is something that will help me but at the same time i 'm scared .
i know i 'm depressed and i know i need help but actually seeing someone makes it more real ... .
last night i was barely able to sleep and kept having emotional breakdowns every time i even started to think about today ...
record is just above .500 and just trying to have fun while still winning games at a better rate .
tired of playing with randoms that just love holding square .
are we going to get other start dates besides 1936 ?
it would be intresting to at a later date .
that would also expand how far the events go .
anyone keep their lights permanently attached to a truss or light stand ?
finally moved away from my chauvet gigbar and got some moving heads and high power pars controlled via dmx .
i love having lights that i can control while i dj but do not like setting up my light stand then attaching 7 fixtures then running power/dmx etc .
as a solo dj i can usually set up my 2 mains/sub/decks in less than an hour .
now with the lighting rig this ads another 45-60 minutes of set up time .
does anyone leave their lights permanently attached to the t-bar ?
if so how do you keep the fixtures from breaking or getting banged up in your vehicle ?
a good ideal would be to have two truss segments broken in half 5 ft each and then 'hang ' it in a conversion van of some sort but as a weekend warrior i just use my suv so ca n't really 'hang ' the truss or suspend it in mid-air in my ride .
i have just found two planets with the same orbit around a gas giant they both have the same orbital period one of them is one of those sulfur dioxide worlds that look yellow the other one you can land on .
the system is 9,373.40lys away from sol so it is n't really a one day trip .
1 70/70 pet and 1 70/6x pet both are the same family .
uts ice crown ice bulwark fire battle armor 5 a.s.s 2 spirit daggers 2 conflicts multiple of each ice tomb ring spectral armor doom bow leaf bow coral bow coral silk fulmis mad lab robe ice reskins of gsorc and hydra prot and i 'll check for more when i get home .
i can give the email account associated with the account and will have to find the security questions receits .
should i put my desktop in a checked bag ?
i will also except amazon gift cards for anything .
note this code is not redeemable until october 27th .
take a look at my inventory in the link below !
the book of unwritten tales 2 red faction super dungeon bros. deponia and arcania the complete tale playstation bundle only redeamable on psn
warhammer end times vermintide all dlc and razorfang poison item
just like the title says i 've been going to the gym for about 2y at the begin i was at about 85kg and now i over around 73kg .
i did made a rather strict diet back then that worked but i ended up feeling a loss of strength power and motivation to keep doing it .
my old diet consisted of white meats and veggies basically 100 of the time .
although i 'm feeling better at the gym right now i definitely put up some more fat during the last months .
how can i improve my form while losing body fat ?
is that even possible or do i need to lose my body fat first and only then focus on improving my body with more muscle ?
fitness is hard and even though this past 2 years i learned a lot i sometimes still feel kinda lost and without a clear path .
i feel like the way i 'm eating is the number one barrier stopping me from getting any better unfortunately .
okay i 'll start by saying i 'm sure no one here can actually diagnose me and that i need to go to a real doctor ... but i 'm literally terrified of going .
i 've thought i 've had pcos for about 5 years now but i found this sub and want to share my symptoms with you and see if anyone agrees ...
i guess i 'll have to grow up and go to the doctor soon but i 'm just so scared !
some info about me i 'm 23 and i am overweight i think probably technically obese .
i 'm like 5'7 and 230 lbs probably 40 bmi .
i started my period when i was 11 and it was normal until i was 18 .
i was also relatively average weight in high school but gradually started gaining .
i was around 140 at my lowest and probably 180 when i graduated .
i gained some weight my first semester of college and was up to 199 .
my second semester i started working out and eating better and lost about 15 lbs .
so i did n't have a period from august-february and then i finally had one again in march .
and it was the worst period of my life .
it lasted over a week it was way more painful than any period i 've ever had when my periods were normal i did n't experience a lot of cramping and it was so heavy i almost could n't keep up .
i was grateful to have this period though because i thought my periods would be back to normal again .
unfortunately i did n't have another period after this one until the following august .
it was n't as heavy or painful as that first one in march but it was way heavier than i was used to and lasted longer .
since then i stopped keeping track of my periods .
sometimes i find it hard to tell if i 'm even having a period or if i 'm just bleeding ... after my freshman year of college i transferred to another school and really started gaining weight until i ended up here at 230 .
i would say i probably had anywhere from 1-5 periods a year in the past 4 years .
like i may be bleeding one week and then bleeding again two weeks later .
right now i am experiencing this and i 've become concerned because i 've been bleeding for about 3 weeks straight ... .
it has been very light on some days and heavy on others .
there were a couple of days i thought it was over because i did n't bleed at all then the next day i would wake up with a heavy amount of blood .
in addition to the period and bleeding issues i have experienced hair growth .
lots of thick black hairs have been growing on my neck right under my chin .
this has been happening for about 2 years probably but gotten significantly worse in the last year .
what started with one or two dark hairs that i could easily pluck has turned into 20-25 .
i pluck them every day and more just pop up the next .
i 've also started growing a lot of dark hair around my belly button and on my happy trail .
and my leg hair has been growing faster thicker and darker .
i have to shave my legs every day pretty much .
i also have a lot of blood clots in my periods .
sometimes they 're about the size of a dime and sometimes they 're as small as the tip of a pencil .
it still concerns me when i see clots in my blood though .
i 've pretty much convinced myself that i have pcos ... .
i 'm a virgin and i 've never taken birth control had a papsmear or gone to an obgyn .
i 'm scared of what the doctor will tell me .
i 've started a low carb diet in hopes of actually losing weight .
i was hoping i could just lose weight and reverse the symptoms myself and never have to go to the doctor ...
i know i 'll have to go to the obgyn eventually but it just gives me so much anxiety and fear .
i only have a dad and brothers so i do n't have anyone to help me understand the process of getting a papsmear ... .
sorry i know this is long i just have so much anxiety about this and i 'm unsure of what to do .
does anyone have experience with both of these paula 's choice products ?
are cheaper alternatives like the ordinary 's niacinamide as effective ?
just curious what others experience with this has been .
i have volunteered to help judge at an indoor bouldering comp at my normal gym since i stink at bouldering !
they say no experience necessary so i am not to worried but curious what i might be able to expect .
are competitors generally pretty chill or does the competition tend to bring out the crazies and mean more work ?
to add to the crazy it is a black light bouldering competition so it will be semi dark throughout
have been off the green for nearly two months now and achieved a lot of things i 'd be putting off while i was a stoner .
making changes in my life that had been long overdue has been less daunting i 've reconnected with friends i had neglected and i 'm doing better at work .
and now i 'm having these thoughts that i should have a smoke to celebrate and reward myself .
originally i was really disappointed by gt s not having an offline career mode and i still am .
however after playing the beta for 3 days i have to say ... even without the offline career mode i think this game still beats fm7 and pc2 by miles played pc2 on pc was n't really my style .
i could spend hours if not longer on livery creation not to mention the scapes mode that allow you to take pics of your beautifully made cars .
i also won my first online race today felt really rewarding .
i spent a lot of time with the driving school mission challenges and circuit experience .
i have to say they are very well thought and definitely gave a feeling of progression .
i think i might just buy the limited edition since it will be even cheaper than the full price standard edition with the 20 off on amazon .
keep getting guard broken with absolutely zero animation until it 's too kate to counter .
gear stats are so overkill it 's unplayable unless you 're max gear .
i do n't know if i 'm going to have cell service later so i 'm announcing this now .
i want cigar photos movies drawings whatever with slasher themes .
hockey masks machetes claws blood gore legal teen titties are all encouraged .
yesterday i was very happy that near my home had appeared 3 new pokéstops one was a new playground and 2 were street arts .
it was a sad thing because now there is just one pokéstop near my home and i have to walk over a kilometre to see more pokéstops or gyms .
did other players notice any appearing or disappearing pokéstops recently ?
does anyone have any opinions on edith hamilton and her works ?
her mythology was for me like many others here i 'm sure my springboard to the classics .
her the greek way and the roman way are also favorites of mine .
also would be into a shank jacket in xl or possibly l ...
hi i 've been a long time lurker of this subreddit .
i 'm finally ready to face my problem head on .
i 've been self harming for a year and a half on and off .
i self harm as a way to calm myself down after having a rough day .
i feel like i should tell someone and try to get some help but i do n't want my self harm to be thought of as suicidal ideation or as a form of attention seeking .
any ideas on how i should go about bringing this up in conversation ?
sorry i 've been asking about this a lot but with me not trying to be a super big war base and not doing the th8.5 .
i know there is the discounted thing you can buy in the beginning and is it worth it to drop the right away ?
can you overcome your difficulties and live a normal life with mild aspergers/add ?
i want to travel the world i want to do so much in life but i feel as if i 'll never overcome the difficulties i have with social anxiety .
i 've had such low self esteem for years and his has left me very socially isolated along with living in the middle of nowhere with my anti social parents .
i 'm only 17 but i feel so behind in life .
i just want to be like my peers right now .
i have no friends no relationships no social circles .
i 'm miserable alone i do n't enjoy being an introvert .
my hiwtk jelly order and other things i ordered finally got dispatched today .
i live in california and was wondering how long it 'll take for it to come here ?
i see there is an order number with the package but idk if that 's a tracking number thanks .
also i asked for some solid perfume samples any chance that it 'll get them ?
have n't traded in a long time and do n't know much about the market right now .
i was wondering if anyone know how much this knife is worth .
it 's currently 1 fv for stat-trek on exchange .
my fiance and i recently moved in together after 5 years of long-distance throughout college .
he came out to me as bisexual two years ago and i offered to open up our relationship so he could explore that side of things and get more sex since we were n't seeing each other very much due to the distance .
i never used the open relationship and he is still the only person i 've had sex with .
he immediately took me up on the offer and downloaded grindr .
he had sex with probably a dozen different men over the next few months .
he was offended when i asked him to tell me before he went somewhere and he wanted to take some of these men to movies and parks to talk and hang out before doing the deed .
i asked him to refrain from doing so as it could be construed as being in a relationship with them .
he reluctantly agreed but was offended at having to ask for permission . ''
at that point i told him that we needed to end the open relationship because i was getting very uncomfortable with the way he was acting .
he told me he agreed but a few weeks later he sent me a text at 3 am telling me he had just had a threesome .
i tried calling him the next day but it took him hours to respond and he did n't think it was a big deal .
i thought that was the end of it but early this year we were having some heavy relationship issues and were close to breaking up .
during an argument he admitted to cheating on me for the first half of this year with an unidentified number of men .
he said he did not remember how many just that he downloaded the app and found someone every time he was mad at me which was almost every week .
after pressing for details i learned that he did not use protection with some of these men and that he did not ask for their sti/std status before having sex with them .
i was willing to work through this with him if he agreed to get an std test done especially considering that we had sex several times before he admitted to cheating .
since then he had refused to get the test .
there 's a clinic 5 minutes from our house that he could go to any day of the week .
he 's been getting angry with me for not wanting to have sex with him but i 've told him that i ca n't until he 's cleared of any stds .
how can i get him to understand how serious of an issue this is ?
tldr fiance cheated multiple times throughout our relationship but refuses to get tested for stds .
how do i convince him to in order to save our relationship ?
a friend in ro khanna 's district says he is a corporatist .
she is one person and i do n't know either way .
however if he truly opposes pac money and difi while supporting medicare for all i can live with him for two years no matter what .
it 's definitely become a new favorite of mine .
it 's a great horror film where you or at least i did feel such sadness for the killer .
they do when their dissertation takes up more than 2 gb yes .
maybe he and sara can have a four way with two lucky girls ! !
the white working class looks no further than their echo chamber supporting facebook forward from grandma or meme .
how do patrick and ali know each other outside the game ?
imo fujin is useful for a partial legend dive since it increases her wind damage by 19 6 from 4 diving black ninja respectively !
i do n't recommend going beyond that unless you need the 20 magic node and are willing to spend motes on it or are planning to combo the lm2 with meltdown or osb .
you start off with with all due respect ... '' but then did n't show any respect at all .
it does n't bode well for the position you 're supporting if you completely abandon the topic and try to make it about the fact that someone was taking a minute or two to engage you a bit deeper in discussion .
tomorrow night is trivia night at hudson grill in brookhaven !
not sure if they put up a reddit sign or not but maybe someone will see this and chime in .
it is as if the white tribe united in demonstration to say 'if a black man can be president then any white man—no matter how fallen—can be president . ' ''
new to the game after about 7 month break .
might as well just go we fixed a lot ! ! !
of things you wo n't believe the things we have fixed .
those who are just learning the movements might be super impressed with you but too shy to say anything .
devils are the fastest team we 've faced yet .
makes me nervous seeing the 1-3-1 set up compared to the standard 2 d-men
they 're not too bad leg opening is a little big though .
you can pair it with anything because they 're so versatile tbh .
imagine if ablett injured himself in this ... geelong will be sweating bullets watching him play .
i thought i would give you all an update .
here are some photos if you want to see it .
so for raising pigs that way to be justifiable it would have to be something that actually has an overall positive effect .
true i suppose my argument is restricted to the environmental issues around agricultural land use .
once you start to include harm to sentient creatures as a metric i can not say whether livestock production of any kind would necessarily involve the least harm .
it seems a bit odd to me to argue for that if you 're agreeing that it would be out of reach for many poor people .
do n't you think there would be a pretty narrow range where that statement could apply ?
i do n't really know of any economic modelling of this kind of price rise specifically so it 's all a bit speculative .
but i do n't think the situation will be one where meat consumption among the very rich is totally price inelastic that is they will be prepared to spend as much as it takes to keep their meat consumption levels the same .
when the price of food goes up consumption generally falls across the board though of course less so for the rich and more so for the poor http www.bmj.com/content/346/bmj.f3703 .
i do n't know how much or how often poor people will be able to afford meat only that it will definitely be more than in a vegan world where meat is n't legally sold at all .
someone prolly just messed up and cleared the orders off the screen thinking they were already taken out .
but sometimes there 's a wait time on food that takes a while to cook safely .
i got 1289 so if be totally ok with this unless i 'm misunderstanding the scp in question .
that 's pretty much second nature for me being a pervert is in my blood !
and in the last 2 months since he 's been touring around he has n't even reached them
one of my friends actually went to see the movie and somehow smuggled in a few red balloons the ruckus that caused was awesome .
we would n't actually be breaking it the agreement forbids signers from using chemical weapons against other signers or third parties so long as the other party has not used chemical weapons against them .
and i 'd still like to see the matthews power play line go first .
that way they 're fresh to go on after the power play as well ... annoying to see their ice time get slashed when the game goes from pk power play and they are n't on for either .
in extreme cases of depression that have been resistant to medication and therapy and where the patient is elderly yes shock therapy can be a safe and effective treatment .
shock therapy has been shown to have a huge impact on the ability to form new memories which is why it is typically not offered to younger patients .
shock therapy is n't safe and it is hardly a go-to cure for depression .
for example if you are twenty years old and have struggled with depression for a few years but you want to go to school and have a career and a family and life experiences then shock therapy is not advisable the pros do not outweigh the cons .
however if you are eighty not terribly active but still aware and very depressed shock therapy might be advisable because you 're not really planning any major life endeavours it does n't matter too much if you 're quite slow in movement and scatter brained but otherwise very chill .
i think it would be fine if it only existed on slow firing heavy hitting weapons .
this way if you miss with them you get heavily penalized .
the importance of that depends on where you live but it 's a good idea just about anywhere .
id say it gets conquer status it if can emulate ps2 and gamecube .
i could see rush getting a rey mysterio type push in the future .
seems like he 's going to get over very easily .
it has n't even premiered in the states yet .
in my opinion a local company gig is a better idea .
the pay might not be as high but you wo n't have to worry about maintaining the truck you will have access to cheaper health insurance in most cases and paid vacation benefits in most cases as well .
local hazmat tanker jobs usually pay really well if you 've got the endorsements .
what state are you in if you do n't mind me asking ?
ah so i can just steal one from a cop car instead of dealing with all of the paperwork .
you can make one out of a thread adapter and an oil filter .
500 words is for 12 pt times new roman .
since a one page paper is so short to begin with 3/4 of a page would probably be too short .
you may be able to get away with writing a quarter of a page less if the assignment was like 3 pages but probably not for a 1 page report .
do you not see it invert into 3 hallways ?
i 've run thousands of sheets of hundreds of different letterpress designs https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rt2yxendt-c over the past few years .
i mainly use a 1956 vandercook letterpress that was used for newspapers back in the day .
confident i could pull off the exact look you 're looking for .
that last part should probably be in quotation marks .
i 'm fully expecting to find out he has about 5 in the bank .
dario 's shot is looking a lot less flat compared to the end of last season .
i do agree that untitled gets me hyped for tnr but for this list it 's just the full track
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/boy-scouts-will-admit-girls-allow-them-earn-eagle-scout-n809836 reduced by 80 .
the boy scouts of america announced wednesday that girls will soon be allowed to become cub scouts and to earn the coveted rank of eagle scout the organization 039 s highest honor .
earlier this year the national organization for women urged the boy scouts to admit girls to the entire program supporting the efforts of a new york teenager sydney ireland to attain the rank of eagle scout as her older brother did .
quot i just want to do what the boy scouts do earn the merit badges and earn the eagle award quot she told nbc news .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/75td39/the_boy_scouts_of_america_announced_wednesday faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.65 226575 tl drs so far . ''
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords scout 1 girl 2 boy 3 program 4 organization 5
what 's the best way to pay down my debt ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
its finnicky to get used to but pfr is a great resource for the modern game .
i 'm reading this in a ... how can i put it ... obnoxiously chewing gum voice
i 'm more familiar with california law where they introduced the mulford act in '68 because of scary black men with guns .
ich würde an deiner stelle einfach mal beim zoll anrufen und nachfragen.die wissen da in der regel besser bescheit als irgendwelche zufälligen leute auf reddit .
kate mara 's character in transcendence why no i do n't remember her name .
ideally she 'd be replaced by someone who has more than one facial expression in her portfolio .
i spent 3 years as an ra in a pretty wild dorm not once did a toilet get broke .
i think u/shitterplug might just be using them wrong .
i download the videos susing video downloader professional https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-downloader-professi/elicpjhcidhpjomhibiffojpinpmmpil and play them using mpc-be https sourceforge.net/projects/mpcbe on windows and smplayer http www.smplayer.info on linux because mpc-be is n't available for linux
the advantage i find to this is i download them once and do n't have to wait for things like buffering .
it was really the fact that everyone voted against the media .
i know it gets over-egged but the media really did try to force hillary in ... and everyone voted against it .
the election result was more not-hillary than it was yes-trump
i 'm certain bernie sanders would have sailed in but whatever happened in the background he stood down suddenly .
cut it in half for two 25s or in quarters for 26s etc .
i 've been looking through that site and i did n't see anything that looked similar .
sometimes i wonder what it would be like to be that selfish .
then i decide it 's better not to know .
i was actually worried about the collar on the green dress being to small and looking weird .
if you wan na try the kylie lip kits buy colourpop instead .
its the exact same formula only a lot cheaper .
maybe a burly friend who needs somewhere to stay ?
it would just be nice for it to not always be 2 vs 1 you know ?
not voting is the same as being in favor of the status quo
not voting is the same as not wanting your voice to be heard .
mane 's potm award did n't have his name on it .
no flinch is cancerous and should be removed period .
does n't matter if it takes them more hits to kill it 's still irritating to play against .
it 's like a 0.05 chance at a red compared with about 5 for book runs .
i imagine she could ask for a boatload more money after appearing in a multimillion dollar movie series .
the only time i ever experience frame drops is when a zepplin is coming down and i 'm in the explosion area .
even then i only sometimes get frame drops but not enough to annoy me .
but i think he 's a top 5 defensive big if he shores that up and stays healthy .
do n't mind me though i just love jojo lol
luckily mining has kept me going during the winter .
that and a lucky get if 30 free winter seeds from the community centre
idk about gam subbing out their midlaner for this ultimiss guy
i 'd rather hear i 'm sorry you 're experiencing this '' or that sounds tough '' ten million times over the banal cheerfulness of it 'll be okay ! ''
are better for temporary situations like if someone does n't get the job they want .
for clinically or chronically depressed people it sounds like you 're trying brush us off .
it 's the emotional support equivalent to slapping a band aid on a gunshot wound .
you gave me jpegs with shitty red text all over them .
tell your boss to get you better talking points .
or maybe just try not to be so stupid .
the dlink omna and logitech circle 2 are the only homekit cameras available now and both can be used as a monitor you would just have to use your phone/ipad to view the video .
basically it was looking for it but it was like whaaaa ? ''
i changed the second set of code to include the prefix and it seems to be working .
so i guess from here it is a matter of figuring out how to display the content correctly so it loads into the header image as it does on the newsletter site ?
the problem is that you think people you do n't like are automatically sociopaths .
adolf hitler was actually continually described as being overly sensitive and an extreme pet lover .
does n't make the guy any better for it clearly .
in my opinion he could have only done what he did if he was truly idealistic .
a self-interested sociopath would never have risked his rule for his ideals as shitty as they may be .
if you really think the discrimination stops there ive got a bridge to sell you .
bring some watermelon to a church where most parishioners are black in the south and it would be seen as badly as it would anywhere else
just pointing out that we 've had a few players pick 36 st rookie number to honor sean in lieu of 21 being available .
but currently swearinger has 36 for that same reason .
yeah nichols was a factor but you ca n't take that away from hamilton .
nichols being out for the 2nd is what stopped me from putting hamilton in 3rd and the bombers in 4th .
i 'm not sure what iffy calls you are referring to .
this brings a tear to my eye as a rams fan
legal up until the 28th week and it should be a government provided service just like any other medical procedure .
that was one of the most unnecessary take downs i 've ever seen .
if they were in a standoff with that many cops i do n't doubt he was doing something pretty bad .
no i am not i feel sorry you do n't understand the difference between jealousy and envy .
i met a friend of my girlfriend and after 10 minutes i told her i was n't comfortable with her being friends with someone who obviously wanted to bang her .
she gave me we 're just friends/he just being nice '' .
we fought a bit and she finally agreed to ask him where he sees their friendship going in the long term .
his answer was something along the lines of i wanted to date you when we met but when i found out you had a boyfriend i figured i 'd try being your friend until you broke up .
but after meeting your boyfriend i really think you should just dump him he seems like an asshole ''
she broke it off with him and i 'm 100 positive she had no idea .
and i agree dropping alex completely would n't be fair but i think it 's not really fair to keep things the way they are now .
if op stops texting this other guy outside of work and keeps their friendship as a workplace relationship i think it could work for both parties .
and if it 's so hard for op to make friends why do you think she became such fast friends with a guy who clearly makes her boyfriend uncomfortable ?
it could be harmless but op seems to refuse to look at this situation objectivity .
texting everyday with someone you already spend 8 hours a day with does seem a bit shady .
and if my girlfriend refused to even look at compromise when i made it clear i was n't comfortable i 'd leave and never look back .
it 's the same six questions over and over again .
at least give the search feature a try everyone .
you are not the first to ask your question .
i guess my point is when i was 30 and my so was 44 we had both been married divorced raised kids owned the same type of business bought and sold our first house etc .
but still he was farther out from his divorce and able to give me some perspective .
i was n't ready to settle down right away which he knew and i lived on my own for several years before we moved in together .
a couple of other guys i dated before him right after my divorce just could n't fit themselves into the lifestyle of a single mom .
both of them were closer to my age and both of them wanted to drink and party every night which was n't happening .
i think in op 's case she may be more on the same level as the guy here because even at 37 he has never been married or had kids .
i think still being in the 'college lifestyle ' at whatever age makes them more alike because of having similar types of experiences .
at 35 now i honestly feel like i have nothing in common with most people my age like op 's guy who are just starting out and getting married for the first time having their first baby buying their first house etc because i did all that stuff when i was like ... 20 .
i think our generation is actually growing up way more slowly than previous generations .
i work in an office with people who are 30-40 dink who i have 0 in common with because they all want to go out and drink every night .
the 'single lifestyle ' is 1000x different than the 'married with kids ' lifestyle .
and i think that is probably the biggest difference in terms of life experience that differentiates people in terms of what life stage they are in .
yeah kind of disappointing was hoping for unique skins we could get for our own
on second look i like it less as an everyday thing but now im curious how other pieces of fabric would go with it .
i found it weird how the convo devolved from i like hedi slimane and you are n't hedi slimane enough to why so feminine ?
do n't be offput if you were you look fine .
the rise of camera phones started in the 2000 's and youtube started in 2005 .
for the first time ever the average bystander could take video of events as they unfolded and then post them for the world to see .
this made it a lot harder pretend racism does n't exist but apparently some people would rather pretend it 's the racism that changed around 2011 as opposed to our ability to document these things as they happen .
only when my vehicles operatation is hindered by something .
if i just want a seraphimon how much fragment do i need to get till i can get it to awaken 4 ?
i wish there was a way to get trump supporters to read this but they wo n't see it .
all they do is read things from their bubble and convince themselves he 's doing fine .
he 's killing people and parading it like he 's doing them a fucking favor .
i 'm totally fine with an 80 speed cb keeping up with my 103 speed tavon austin when i play on all madden .
true but than again it would n't make op any money long term .
if he 's there to make money that is .
this brand is quite good from one of the older artisan american roasters https www.graffeo.com
use ifttt with two dropbox buckets one for your phone one for your friends .
upload a photo to the folder and setup ifttt to rotate all photos in the bucket as backgrounds
so cool they have a holiday to commemorate the 2 best quarterbacks in the afc east
i 've just been listening a to them for years an my taste an music has kind of went more psychedelic and and folk so i listen to a lot of grateful dead now .
i 've posted this before but i work in a company that does mail order phone sales for auto parts .
me okay sir what kind of credit card would you like to use ? ''
customer well i 'd like to use yours if i could . ''
i get that you 're trying to be light hearted and humorous but i 've heard that same joke at least a couple thousand times over the course of the past 6 years .
ugh you just had to remind me that i got vex 2 months after they nerfed it to shit .
never got to feel it in that glorious heyday of fun .
did n't mind there being an op weapon every now and again .
thought it was cool be nice if everyone got to experience it or they allowed that level of fun '' from occasional imbalance .
you can rack anything if you try hard enough and have some nice metal 1u shelves .
or well the idealized wrestler version of me that i 've made in the last two games .
gon na hope there is n't logo uploading issues cause i 'm gon na need those logos for the caw that i got from nation .
oh look i just decided to uninstall fn the epic launcher and scrape my os for anything it 's touched .
and while the eula for battleye may be unambiguously formulated i do n't remember agreeing to it or being given the opportunity to decline .
i do n't need intrusive sniffer bullshit running on my machine in exchange for a product as sketchy as stw .
seeing as there are no light level enabled playlists in the crucible the blue should do you fine .
i run with the dodge roll that gives you your melee back if enemies are near by .
i 've found that i rarely have to wait the full cooldown time .
it 's kind of bare bones but it 's there .
the problem with the loot boxes for that game is that they 've made it extremely difficult to get the true ending for the single player game without dropping money on boxes .
i wish i had gold so i could give you .
it shows that sometimes to find your real inner self you have to destroy everything else in your path suffer from the consequences then gnash your teeth and carry on .
we 're getting a group mentally ready to kick the habit as a group and hope to have enough social pressure within that group to keep everyone off it .
that being said an excuse to postpone always seems to pop up .
i was tired and left out part of what i was saying see edit .
couple that with the 8 hour time difference and they 're going to see a huge hit in viewership compared to previous world cups .
i always thought street walkers like you slept during the day .
that really depends on how you want to define religion .
it meets many of the definitions of a religion .
buddhism is a religion and dharma that encompasses a variety of traditions beliefs and spiritual practices largely based on original teachings attributed to the buddha and resulting interpreted philosophies .
joselu and use the cash to upgrade a cheap mid to hazard
man deliberately damages heath service in any way he can treatment gets worse people die .
for £19 a night in japan you can just about get a bed in a hostel dorm .
for the cost of a trip to the cinema any building that 's mostly weather tight is the best i 'd expect .
have you ever tried replacing the screen on an s3 after 5 years ? ? !
got ta say those sound very much impossible cept number 2 !
could someone tell me why the ar-15 's law enforcement have are called patrol carbines but my ar-15 is an assault rifle ?
i want to mention your hair loss it 's good you 're going to see your doctor but in the meantime i encourage you to try an iron supplement .
anemia is really common after childbirth and can easily contribute to hair loss .
it can also help with sleep and mood so it might be a win-win .
well it 's the last level availiable with current level cap so it 's supposed to be hard to get i guess .
it could probably be done with enough money but not worth even looking into .
if you want to get into cockers that can fairly easily be turned into pumps and vice versa the wgp prostocks are nice .
they can be had for 200 or less in perfectly good working condition .
i do n't understand why everyone keeps saying trump is sucking putin 's cock .
the traditional joke would be that trump is taking it in the ass .
strange how everyone is fixated on the sucking aspect .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
i 'm guessing you use offset zoom or strikezone for your hitting camera ?
this guy misread the name.. imo one of the biggest mistakes ever made .
i 've heard a few saladin quotes in the tower about unleashing our true light against each other more than just the crucible '' or something along those lines that make me think it might go back to it .
how presumptuous of you to think you represent the views of this entire sub .
yeah that was n't actually the mining rig i was trying to develop a foldable mobile mining rig which amazingly i did finish https imgur.com/a/98hyv
i have three other models that spawned from this one there a lot better .
also i have a gun in my hand because of the fucking wolves i keep forgetting to disable them .
he is an objectivist and on the board of the ayn rand institute .
he was an associate of ayn rand working with her on the ayn rand lexicon .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
sorry to burst your bubble but this would never work .
you ca n't change the past of the present reality .
you can shift yourself into other timelines but that would n't move a whole civilization .
so even if you did send someone back to convince the primitive people to hoard gold nothing would change for the people left behind .
instead the traveler could travel forward and reap the benefits but history would be drastically altered .
or the traveler could return back to his original future but with the mission failed .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
they can and they must buy them in order to progress in the game .
it has already been said ... schalke 's problem is not players leaving it is the lack of a philosophy and stability .
the last successful coaches were felix magath and ralf rangnick until 2011 they nearly won the bundesliga 2010 and in 2011 they won the dfb-pokal and reached cl semifinals .
letting neuer go was inevitable özil did n't look so promising when he left always can happen .
but all other players basically left because they saw much better perspectives at other clubs .
the worst thing is that schalke likes to complain about players leaving but on the other hand they sacked höwedes who was basically the face of the club and the only world class player that did n't leave them for the first good offer by another club .
they are also one symptom of why the bundesliga is performing so badly recently .
of course more money would help but it 's just bad management that brought them to this situation .
how can the speed force be tricked into allowing barry 's return to the world if it 's been established to be a sentient thing that can think and stuff
perkiness is great but if they swing and bounce a bit that 's great too .
if you lifted up her shirt she 'd get embarrassed but it 's really cute even if she does n't think it is .
just something g you can squeeze and rest your head on and gently kiss .
being able to trace that shape down her figure especially if it 's thicc ... oh man .
and the ass is nice and plump too but nothing overbearingly huge is needed i am a tits man over an ass man .
face should be a little chubby too like in the cheeks and stuff .
inb4 i have no idea what real women look like
their white society began on the importation of convicts and thus an underlying dislike of overt authoritarianism was always going to be an underpinning of how society worked .
thus a dislike of religion and its authoritarian and moralistic views on how others should live was always going to be disliked .
added to that a simple philosophy on what makes a good person that being the ability to throw shit at ones self and take a joke allows almost anyone of any religion sex or political persuasion to be accepted..
so basically they may see a religion as being a problem but if the bloke or sheila of that religion can laugh at themselves they are all right mate .
these things steamrolled rok forces who did n't own a single tank in the early phase of the war .
first us troops in korea also did n't have immediate solution they only had light tanks and had to rely on air support iirc .
i spent about a grand and am rocking a gtx 1070 along with a ryzen 5 1600 and 8 gigs of ram .
might be a little off the rails to what op is asking for but tbh .
i 've done that and won starting as sombra a decent ult stack and they all fell over .
they killed us eventually and got the first point of gibraltar but they were forced onto weaker heroes overall and we were able to hold them off .
but originally they had 2 dvas and a reinhardt on top of triple bastion and it was a pretty awe-inspiring sight .
the only people who know who their mep is is their mep ...
i bet half the staunch europhiles on here still do n't even know .
while i do n't think it sticks to the schedule to well the most you 'll have to wait at peak hour if you miss it is maybe 10-15 mins tops .
really good way to get from one side to the other .
what i would like to know is if i get my challenge appearence can i still get the other skin variants for it after legion ?
that is something that is very unclear for me .
once i make some vinyl decals of them i 'll send you a bunch if you 'd like .
lol our coal use is a drop in the bucket and so is our population and gdp
the kids i babysit love ruby and max which is adorable .
also charlie and lola and another i ca n't remember which has a red head looking after her younger brother .
so his upvotes do n't mean anything but yours do ?
also even when clearly stated as sarcasm you appear unable to see it as such and thus miss the point being made .
ja om man flytter mentalt eller fysisk kan egentligt være ligegyldigt .
men hey i det mindste er vi alle lige fattige !
only really works if your game is built around that idea maybe something like harthstone the problem is that these microtransactions are in full priced games that also boast season passes and pre order dlc .
yeah bro tell that corporate shill bro gottem bro it 's just pay 2 win ea are greed incarnate bro beta is just a marketing strategy bro they wo n't change anything to the loot system
that way they do n't know that a draw would be enough and have to play normally .
this has happened united played blackburn in gameweek 37 in 2011 .
united needed a draw or better to win the league blackburn needed a win or a draw to secure their place in the league .
after rooney equalized with 15 ish minutes left they just passed the ball around for 15 minutes .
on the plus side your sisters sound like good people !
i 'm off campus but saw it on iowa chill shit had me dead classic freshman .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
we should have waited another year or two to start austerity measures
and you think spain and italy and greece would implement austerity if it were n't for the pressure from northern europe ?
like how they so logically saved so much money during 2000 2008 when the economy was good so they had some reserved for the crisis .
not that i 'm saying it has good value .
i 'm sorry but did anyone really think the dlc was going to be totally free with no strings attached ?
something that used to cost 60 is now just magically free ?
now i 'm no fan of loot crates being put into every single game but we all had to know something was coming to compensate for the lack of a season pass .
if i 'm honest i 'd much rather have it this way than a community fracturing season pass .
however with that said i sure wish the purchasable loot crates only had cosmetic items in them .
you 're really not missing out basically the difference to me between nemesis and normal was that the enemies do way more damage and adapt to your moves super quick on nemesis .
this means shield guys quickly becoming immune to the vault over
lol wiggle is 100 legit it 's a famous cycling/running store in the uk .
this is why i just utterly shitpost or go to subs that have n't been somehow overrun by trump talk yet
they do n't show every group stage game on tv only the most popular ones probably boosted from the us ones too .
hint an ordered triple x y z can contain 1 2 or 3 distinct values
interesting user check out his post about selling your soul
the cheapest and no dlc likely whenever it goes on sale .
i do n't support the business model of raping the player base .
hopefully i 'll be able to play this over the weekend .
it 's a bit like the speed delay after throwing ammo now how it slows you down for much longer after you 've thrown the pack .
it was never in the patch notes and many people made threads about it but even after all of that it was never reversed and the devs ignored every post about it i think someone correct me if i 'm wrong
ca n't wait to see some sanity there and have them share a govt with other parties .
you could see her shocked face after hearing that though since she thinks she 's such a cool beauty .
he does n't have an avenue to go through with this threat .
what kind of things can you do to feel better ?
the time i struggle the most is hitting the low right after a high .
i got conference pride when the media crapped on our schedule and made us 3 as an undefeated team smart in hindsight but i was pissed we played freakin 12 p5 opponents that year before the playoffs .
i 'm happy to replace this batch with a fresh one
to show employers you have the basic skill set that used to be inherent in a high school diploma .
the same as u/henkkles i do n't really understand your question i have been in english speaking countries for about 4 weeks of my life and learned most through my education in my home country .
they actually did it ... i 'm so salty right now .
wake up only to see na shit the bed .
tasker https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm paid rating 91/100 search for 'tasker ' on the play store https play.google.com/store/search ? q=tasker
i have been struggling with weight loss for all of my adult 28 year old life ...
i am currently and mostly hover around 250 lbs but in the past i have weighed as much as 270 and at one point i got down to 215 .
in the past i have n't had much luck maintaining a diet and i feel at least one of those reasons is a lack of goals .
being the nerd that i am i 'm trying to do the research and math to figure out my caloric deficits and goal weights along the way .
i used that omron body fat monitor and it told me i have a body fat percentage of 30.5 .
i also took a bunch of measurements and used an online calculator which came out to 30.39 .
i know neither of these methods are super accurate but both of them coming out to roughly the same leads me to believe it 's in the right ball park .
so i have a couple of questions about this ... if i 'm 250 and 30 body fat that puts my lean body mass at 175 .
all of the ideal body weight formulas show a 5 ' 10 man should be anywhere from 130 to 175 .
speaking purely mathematically weighing 175 would be 0 body fat and still be at the high end of that range .
i know when you lose weight you also lose lean body mass but do you really lose that much ?
i found another ideal body weight calculator that said to divide your lean body mass by 1 minus your body fat percentage goal .
when i put in 17 which is pretty freakin fit that would put me at 210 lbs ... 175 1-.17 210.85 lbs .
if you had 17 body fat at 175 lbs that would put you at 145 lbs lean body mass .
would i really lose 30 lbs of lean body mass trying to get to an ideal weight ?
i remember being 215 and i still did n't look or feel all that great although my methodology back then could have been lacking and i could have lost more lean tissue and less fat .
the numbers just do n't seem to add up right and i 'm wondering what i 'm getting wrong .
it 's one thing to like ninja turtles but dousing yourself in radioactive ooze is going too far .
since rocket league is based off soccer you can use that as a reference .
in soccer each player has to look around and be aware of where their teammates are and where the opposing team is .
with a radar that skill area is removed and makes the idea of this game too trivial .
plus people tend to like rocket league because it 's so difficult .
once you get good at something no matter what level of play it feels like a big achievement
he 's like 40 and he makes his living by getting involved with middle school level drama between people in their 20s .
i would 've disowned keem years ago if i were his family .
the material the bag is made out of is heavy duty like my grip eq bags .
i do n't think there was a design choice to do this i think its more to do with some applications or protocols not using proxies and instead connect directly to the internet thus leaking your ip .
do n't quote me on this its just my understanding of the situation .
just search for what you want and put on the canada compliant filter .
some things are itar but it wo n't let you check out with them anyways .
one thing i 've learned from reading r/traa is that fearing you 're not really trans '' or not trans enough '' are often indicators that yes you are trans . ''
she also says she prefers 2d boys because they ca n't see her so they do n't know how ugly she is .
yeah it seems like we get down there close almost every drive .
just need maybe a little more to get into the end zone .
so i ran the benchmarks ... holy shit directx11 sucks apparently .
i have radeon limiting fps to 75 and both dx12 and vulkan averaged 73fps throughout .
the only difference between vulkan and dx12 for me is dx12 is about 85 gpu bound and vulkan is about 30 gpu bound .
i want to go with whatever one is easier on my cpu ... because it 's the weak link in the cooling chain
i have a carb for that exact bike i 've been looking to sell if you are interested .
sorry i 'm no help but i thought the coincidence was too crazy to not comment .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/armenia csto about karabakh conflict settlement • r\/csto https np.reddit.com/r/armenia/comments/75wm01/csto_about_karabakh_conflict_settlement_rcsto
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
not sure what it would do but hope someone does i do n't use twitter .
or they have an unhealthy mistrust of anyone with a bias opposite of their putting out claims that are right .
by their wording i 'd say they are biased against a group and automatically discredit anything they have to say .
that is a very close minded way to live .
i only been rejected once and most of my interactions with women are on the professional level so i do n't have this negative reinforcement thing going on here .
could be different ifbinkept trying and got rejected 100 of the time .
you think i wo n't stare down the golden delicious locomotion of non newtonian steam powered terror ?
... by which i mean i 'm terrified of them and wo n't stare them down .
but since they are the team in a slump there is a risk that they will just sit back and do nothing if they pick a slow comp and fnatic will just steamroll .
since they have n't won by playing their own game i believe it was the right idea to try to hit fnatic in their early game but they did n't pull it off and i think they could have drafted a better team comp with the same goal in mind .
this is why europeans cant be trusted with pickup trucks .
imo we should consider children private property with no rights until they are 2 yo
sounds like after i 've had a few and keep trying to talk guns .
how long does it take trump 's businesses to build 1 building ?
paperwork has not reached most puerto rico towns yet .
aid is still sitting on the docks awaiting clearances to be allowed to unload .
every republican owns this cluster fuck of a debacle .
just to be clear the strikes were not just about money .
the government focussed their statements around the money issues because it was the best way to throw shade on the doctors .
it 's hard to score points against things like we think this contract is unsafe safeguards like fines for trusts who overwork their doctors are being lost '' .
i hope that this message got through and that most people supported the junior doctors because of the patient and doctor safety issues as much as anything else .
obviously for some doctors it was about the money but this is like asking every brexiter what their most important issue is everyone has different priorities and a different answer .
i play for 3 years consider myself end game player pve wise .
spent a few hundred eur in the first 2 years but stopped spending since purchasing the trans scroll which gave me my 3rd zaiross .
at this point i decided im not going to spend on the game even though i could .
the only place in the game where i do n't fight the stupid ai .
the violent procc change was huge in my opinion and should be implemented game wide not only in rta .
i have less and less interest in gw as the system is outdated finishing high rank is all about rng on saturday and rush gw .
if you expect to win 80-90 of the games rta is not for you .
last frr i gave all my top runes to my rta units .
i agree that com2us needs to improve the reward system though .
at the moment im rank 1400 in the special league and will finish c2 .
com2us is either ignorant or a bunch of idiots calculate the participation .
the feel when bronze lvl reddit dunderheads think they know more about the game than the best players in the world and their chosen coaching staff
i remember when i sang we are the champions and ate an ice cream sandwich in sens fortress .
if i ever get to create something that gets consumed worldwide and in turn makes me rich would i be a criminal ?
if so i 'll work just enough to survive .
i think we need to distinguish between the genuine and the fake .
sincerest sympathy to all those who are genuinely contending with these debilitating illnesses .
but there are a lot of malingerers amongst jws for some the stress and routine has become almost unbearable but you ca n't say that without being reproached .
but who can rebuke you if you have been stricken with a 'condition ' that prevents certain theocratic activity .
in my congregation some of the elders wives are the worst .
does that make me my asshole or both the asshole ?
i 'm sorry but g2 is playing in a hardcore group they would have been perfectly fine in any other group imo .
i believe the stats were 1 out of every 3 breakers failed to trip when tested .
i have found the location referenced by the map however the location does not match the map .
i know how to fix the map by altering it to look like my location . ''
for obvious reasons no one is going to buy a theory unless it is map precisely and accurately references real-world location . ''
it 's not the best story but i enjoy it especially the world they created .
there are way worse story around without having to search too much .
i think that people make it sound worse than it is simply because it 's a western style anime and people are confused .
i would say the strong point is not the exactly fights themselves but the weapons and how they use them .
a scythe that can turn into a sniper could simply be used as a melee weapon or a gun at range but they actually use both function at the same type as a propulsion device for example .
i 'm also pretty sure it is aimed at teens and not young adults so i could understand why it 's not really loved around here .
it was also a bit slow to start and it improved since the first season so people that only tried a couple episodes might have dropped it before it got interesting .
how delicious is the next burrito i eat gon na be ?
yup chlorhexidine is for sure a more potent antibacterial and fluoride 's main function is to make the tooth stronger .
this looks like a super interesting series i was looking around for something like this as i 'm starting out flipping again for the first time in years .
when finding items do you just keep checking margins until you find something you like or do you use some other website/tool ?
interestingly this bad tactic '' results in far less people being killed by the police .
to be fair man cancer is not at all an inappropriate label .
this community is a lot like group therapy when you surround yourself with people who to a large extent share your opinion you feel validated and are going to remain in that toxic state of being .
most of us are at least low-key level toxic from what i 've read on here .
considering everything we 've been through it 's not surprising .
some of us are working on it while trying to be members of larger society others have just forsaken society .
i read the post op spoke of she makes some good points but is taking it way too far .
then when others disagree with her she dismisses them .
forums and groups are meant for healing early on .
fundamentally that 's what an abuser is a victim seeking to initiate others into abuse by creating new victims much like a multi-level marketing scam .
there are some good people on here like encantidated and a couple more but most on here just want to relive their trauma .
r/politicalhumor is so far left and it shows in most posts that make it to the top
coming from a cs background i know what it 's like when 90 of the community thinks that there is a hacker every game .
i quit cs 2-3 months ago after 15 years because i could n't take this shit anymore .
was ge rank a in esea and lvl 8 in faceit .
have n't been killed by a cheater in pubg once tho ... at least not that i know of .
if you want i can even give that twintail little sister '' said kurome her voice low and sultry .
the beginning really bothered me with all those voices overlapping .
it actually made me feel a bit sick to my stomach ... .
i wonder if that 's what the creator was going for .
serious ptsd from mla probably like half a decade after reading it .
unfortunately it has been removed because your submission must be a direct link to an image or an album of images .
please feel free to re-submit using a direct image link must end in jpg gif png etc .
blogs social media and similar types of websites will not be approved as per rule 4 .
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that and anything else extraneous before submitting .
also we just started working on a whitelist for legitimate reputable news sites related to the arts world .
if your post links to such a website please send us a modmail so that we can add it to the whitelist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i was thinking about dropping each one to the even number in that modifier tier such as dropping 15 to 14 and 12 to 11 because that way it would n't change their mods but it would also make it harder for them to decide where to put their attributes in once they level up
yeah because medicine and diet are totally in the same ball park.. anyone can make their own diet of course they cant self prescribe themself medications
yeah it does n't use much energy when not in use and i like it on when i 'm not home for automatic game downloads .
i 'll restart if i 'm having issues with my pc but that 's about it
personally i would prefer if bip101 's 20 year cap would be removed .
too big blocks would be orphaned anyway so a blocksize limit is not really needed .
but for the sake of compromising with people who feel an irrational fear of removing the limit entirely i 'd agree to bip101 as it has been written .
if you want to keep hope on the battlefield without repeatedly recasting it lifeline might be a good choice ditto with scarecrone .
you could also just generate infinite mana with rings of brighthearth and grim monolith if that 's your goal .
maybe steel golem and assault suit to get the rest of your lock down on hope 's target .
you could also go for mycosynth lattice into null rod and just ping your opponents down one by one .
some in the tin foil hat sub are thinking the hotel tried to brush it off and protect their image .
this lawsuit can be huge if the hotel is found at partial fault .
i 'll have a red headwrap and some colorful clothes let me know how i can find you !
this show will be dank i 'm calling it rn
or perhaps i 'll document my entire growing experience since it would be my first time ever growing longer than a month .
we do n't need self driving vehicles people need to pay attention and learn to drive .
in the real world this would be like someone putting up a subway poster beside a painting in gallery an hail corp are just passing members of the public going that 's littering when you run after the poster person they are a one day old baby
from what i 've seen m+r and mk8 just do n't allow background downloading .
zelda does though which is great since i was gon na pick that up next anyway .
i ca n't speak for this woman or any other person but myself but i think many would agree for me it 's not about talking shit about trump in his music it 's not the first time and i liked the song with big sean where he said shit about trump did n't bother me he did the same thing to bush .
however what kind of aggravates me is here he comes after releasing little to nothing for more than a year now no new albums or really good songs not just features and decided to be super political and then imply you ca n't be a eminem fan and a trump fan line in the sand .
i 've been anticipating new eminem for a while but the whole political crap having to be in every entertainment venue non stop is annoying .
yah eminem likes to be controversial but this seemed like virtue signaling .
but with brendan fraser gone there is a power vacuum !
i want to see you in the reboot of the george of the jungle cinematic universe !
okay so my first question would be why aspects should give mechanical benefits .
damage is not really a concern for fate mechanics .
the mine field should really hurt though does n't it ?
i 'd rather say it slows someone down passive opposition or makes them more vulnerable because they need to watch where they are placing their feet invoke .
if you can not even try to do something without the aspect that aspect already has mechanical weight .
if you want aspects to do more on a mechanical level you might want to look into the fate fractal bronze rule .
it does but its not euphoria its a lack of disphoria .
so its not going to make you happy as much as its going to take some of the low level bad away .
i would imagine that the more unhappy you are the more pronounced the effect would be .
think of the feeling of realizing late on a sunday that your hangover is gone your heads cleared up and you have an appitite again .
i know this is central to internet meme-ology but it 's just not true .
even if stories share some of the same tropes that does n't make them the same story .
if it did hollywood could have made only about five movies .
plus it 's pretty disrespectful to a whole lot of cultures to tell them none of them had anything unique to say .
it was during a server issue and everything went down for a half hour .
was doing weird things like that until it kicked me .
40 mins in isnt really long enough for it to go into your system as you need it to to get the desired high .
still no atheists officially but you 'll have no trouble finding atheists who earned their eagle award .
push the cart shoot the heart and take their team apart
i do n't think it would be meant to combat wonder woman or captain marvel .
also she 's only a clone in terms of the way she was created she 's very much her own hero and has added abilities such as claws on her feet .
fox has potential to bring something new to the table here .
i was in a psychiatric forensic hospital for my twenty-second and twenty-forth birthdays both times i was committed for having assaulted police officers .
not accurately but i get moody thirsty feel bloated and all around uncomfortable .
so i do feel when i 'm high but it 's not as clear as the low symptoms .
it must define the entire group i need to dramatically change every viewpoint i have now
yeah he peaked when they were 7th at the end of last split and has slowly declined since then .
he just looks better because he has the privilege of playing with olleh .
i have a service grade rm1service and a .308 special grade rm1308special .
they 're nearly identical in appearance https i.imgur.com/zm2cgzs.jpg since both came with a brand new walnut stock .
i assume you meant to refer to the service grade which is available and not the field grade which is not .
as long as the rifle is properly lubed and greased you wo n't have any problems with either version .
the cycling on both appears to be about the same .
i 've been shooting 7.62x51 surplus which is a little underpowered compared to .308 but so far from what i read i do n't think you have to worry about commercial ammunition in .308 unlike the .30-06 .
i believe and you 'd be wise to confirm that even commercial .308 is not as hot as m2 .30-06 so there 's no danger of damaging your op-rod .
if you happen to live in nw washington i 'd be happy to take you to the range and let you get a feel for both .
but really what about yale tho i have n't taken the lsat yet but i dreamt i got a 179 and my grad school gpa is a 3.9
just out of curiosity if they 're top target for just that reason why did everyone always say in hot ranked countdown necro first ?
it 's because we do more damage now but even more than back then we 're a free kill .
i think most scourges would trade some damage for a single invuln cd that almost every other class has and the two without get stealth instead .
i should have updated the post as of v0.02 i do n't think you can run it on an older pi
i have been dealing with a similar headache since 12weeks .
it 's so frustrating to go through your day with an aching pain in your head .
someone recommended taking mucinex because pregnancy can make you a bit stuffy sometimes .
make sure you are drinking more water and eating small frequent meals .
if you do let me know because i 'm getting desperate .
as this is your first last and only post i 'd like to try and guess as to why you would post such a stupid stupid thing .
the first and i do n't think this is the case is that you never read the rules of the sub and you did n't know that this level of trolly shitposting is not allowed .
the second guess and likely true one is that you do n't really care about the rules fully expected to be banned from the sub for this and are doing it because it 's an edgy funny thing for you to post and then lulz about back over wherever you came from .
with that said yep the banhammer is swift and merciless .
also it 's a sad commentary on life when kids end up on crack at such an early age .
in doggy if i look back over my shoulder he 's usually holding onto my hips unless he 's got me by the hair so there 's another forearm view that 's pretty common .
roll over in the middle of the night and get grabbed and squished for cuddles ?
there 's a forearm over your tummy or under/across your boobs .
there 's likely to be a forearm in the shot .
the way their eyes light up when they realize food is coming ... gahhhhh
that is impulsive as hell and just an overall bad decision .
can you read what i said again i know its late in the night but cmon man
it is the best phone i think i 've ever had .
i just meant once cap teams up with everyone fighting the bo in wakanda and tony and his team fight thanos off-world thor is n't seen .
it would make sense for thanos to target them first
if a computer is not in use i make sure it is fully turned off .
that 's right i do n't know how to farm or play smart in my elo .
i play against the best players on the game but i do n't know what i 'm talking about .
my favourite weapon is profaned greatsword also great for killing pesky invaders
it 's like i understand why he had the ruse .
but he 's not going to have a mustache directly as ares hahaha .
saw him after the show on the first foo fighters tour .
i was 13 or 14 completely froze no idea what to say .
dave i remember he still had his nirvana teeth was talking with one of the members of the opening band that dog kind of held up his finger to the girl as if to say give me a sec these two kids are creeping me out ''
and made direct eye contact grabbed both my hands in both his hands and said no .
asked us if we enjoyed the show and gave us a billion stickers .
update i did n't go to tent city tonight i was in the library.however .
apparently the students got to wild and the cops shut it down ...
i 'm a local and have been around wvu a long time before i became a student ... .
however i think the students behavior is getting outta hand and ruining good time of wvu parties '' should be .
it 's super adorable that they consider it a fixed issue .
not really sure i 'd consider removing a critical feature to be fixing '' anything ...
i have alts for crafting and before i was able to use my fc chest to transfer money from my main to my alts or vice versa i would use one of the ixali oaknots ixali something on the mb to transfer money .
i would lose a little here and there but it was faster and simpler than asking a friend to do 10-20 trades with me a time every few weeks .
i kind of have a feeling they already or will go ahead and call me crap behind my back so i might as well be nice i guess .
i get 80 percent for a week or two here in sweden if i am on sick leave .
missiles drones bombs all that shit are tools of decimation and destruction .
they 're used to turn entire swaths of area into fucking glass not for controlling a populace .
i do n't think they would have had one .
i consider this to be a huge design flaw and ultimately results in these lobbies never ever filling up unless you have a pre-made group .
i do n't watch many of these shows like this because of the lack of an explanation .
the movie cars bugs the shit out of me .
my only explanation is that at some point the machines became sentient and killed off all animals leaving only cars .
that dark mark is left from the memory banks .
yet none of these cars think about why they have seats or doors for that matter .
what did you do with all of the people ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i 've had slight shoulder pain during certain workouts during the past couple years and it usually leads to me avoiding the exercise or figuring out a way to improve shoulder strength/flexibility to compensate .
i 've had trouble with hanging leg raises a few times i have the necessary core strength for the exercise and experience no pain when doing them with a neutral grip but i 'd like to be able to do them overhand as well .
i 'm working on my handstands a couple times a week in addition to plenty of bodyweight/weighted exercises that hit my shoulders .
is there anything i should be doing to get myself able to do them pain-free though ?
some workout related to hanging or maybe partial-rom reps ?
of all the non-magical items this is one that has boundless potential .
from 'simple ' applications such as glueing wands to eachother or to other items .
how many wands could you reasonably affect when bundled together ?
what are the best applications you have seen from sovereign glue ?
i have put together a parts list for my first build and have been collecting pieces for a while when discounts happen .
i have also gotten a few parts at discounts from friends .
i have been going off of this build i made but i was hoping for some recommendations on the last few parts that i need and if my build will perform well .
i am looking for some recommendations for memory hard drive and video card .
essentially if what i have now will perform on games like wow pubg and overwatch .
they do n't necessarily need to be on the highest settings .
i would like to spend 500 usd but i am willing to go as high as 600 usd if the benefits are worth it .
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/xgpwld price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/xgpwld/by_merchant
i 've been researching but it seems like the list of compatible devices is pretty short .
i guess that i need to remind myself to take a breath ...
i just found a little headline title sourced by a major cable news channel website about how the yellowstone supervolcano will blow up faster than thought and all of mankind will be destroyed .
i do n't get this because i never personally thought yellowstone was that big of a threat than some people made it to be but this has made my anxiety go up for some reason .
how can i rationalize whether this supervolcano is bs stuff or not ?
and if this thing does blow how can i calm myself and keep sane ?
in patch 2.6.1 jade finally got the necessary toughness as well as the important damage boost .
now gr100 is a reality for many players and not just the p3000 ones .
i am pretty surprised noone is talking jade left and right !
jade had no toughness for the last 5 years and it even though the damage was there for the 100 toughness was the only reason why it was literally unplayable in gr90 unless you had 3000 paragons .
now it has everything it needs to be superior and i am really happy .
it was buffed several ptr 's ago then suddenly it was nerfed into mediocrity then buffed again but was still insanely squishy and noone played it .
the only thing that literally changed in the build is i safely dropped unity for coe and this is it !
i got my teresa and i find her to be very underwhelming dmg wise she 's very low even lower than fire dance any gimmick ?
the only way to get a steady flow of dmg is to use her evade first and then just go crazy .
as for sakura i know she 's similar to nexus himeko but when is her perfect timing ?
i am currently up at 12:10 am typing this and i do n't think i 'm going to end up falling asleep anytime soon if this keeps up .
if im not mistaken im pretty sure before the patch when you press r1 you can see the ratings on people who are in the court now all i can see are the ones whos got next etc .
i 'm very new to programming and i 'm hoping i can post this here !
the goal is to give the user 5 chances to correctly choose a number from 0-32 .
i 'm pretty sure i have a decent understanding of the basics but i 'm not sure where i 'm going wrong .
if anyone here could just point me in the right direction i 'm not asking that anyone write the code for me .
printf you won in d attempts ! n '' counter
5 days ago this thread https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/74v2p4/discussion_a_friend_of_mine_got_banned_for_dumb was posted trying to take shots at the mod team and how we operate .
it ended up being a massive thread picking apart my habits to find scammers .
i found a new account selling expensive items on a psn alt
i banned the user and asked for a real account name
the user refused gave more alts spammed like a child and had his 'friend ' make the post aimed to say what i did was wrong .
this process is one i go through constantly it 's a habit of mine to snoop through people 's histories whenever anything noteworthy occurs .
for anyone questioning those habits before ... that person i banned is now a proper confirmed scammer https imgur.com/gutzscu and is absolutely an alt account of someone who has routinely used fake websites designed to look like reddit .
every trade needs to be public because moderators can not control what messages are sent in private .
any time someone privately messages you alarms should be ringing .
make habits out of skimming through people 's account histories .
call it weird or nosy or creepy but it 's public for a reason .
if someone is on a new account and selling massive items just take a look to see if they ever share their psn/gt/steam .
if they have n't or it 's an obvious alt just drop a hint over in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frocketleagueexchange or even just report the comment with an other '' note saying you 're suspicious .
always check the psn/gt/steam you 're trading with to see if they 're on the scammer list .
https rltracker.pro/scam_list it ca n't be understated how many times someone falls victim to a person breaking rule 3 and they 're already on the scammer list .
remind people the rules and report button exist for their safety .
if all 59,000 users here followed rule 3 and double checked the scammer list before every trade involving their trust took place it would cut back on thousands in value being lost every week .
i 've been here about a year now been a moderator for about half that time .
i can not understate how easy it is to catch these people out just by being a little nosy and checking a reddit account history .
so all i ask is you help us help you .
we already keep a close eye for users like the one shown above but we 've been top-10 most active on reddit in the past and there 's only so much the mod team can spot .
watching the lcs and i ca n't help but wonder what happens if someone does n't lock in/ban a champion in time ?
it 's not like someone can just dodge in here lol
if the former g2 has priority over rng and ssg for tiebreaker 's winner game !
i went to see wicked the other night and it 's got me in the mood
to get you up to speed you can read-through my previous post here
tldr working on an audio piece that requires compressing a piece of audio .mp3 2001 times to bring out the artifacts of compression .
here is my new dilemma i worked with a friend to write the script on how to make it happen and we ran some tests .
test 1 taught us that basically i did not get enough distortion/artifacts as i had expected .
when played back it was a little fuzzy in parts but the audio was still very identifiable and not destroyed .
we speculated as to why should we use a lower bitrate to begin with should we alternate between saving as a .wav and a .mp3 etc .
we have n't come up with a great solution yet .
we did a second test and only opened and saved '' the .mp3 this is what is causing the compression artifacts about 20 times rather than 2001 .
i have absolutely no idea why there would n't be a worse piece after 2001 compared to 20 but there was n't .
so now i 'm looking for suggestions of next steps '' .
i 've looked through the subreddit for this topic so apologies if it 's already been mentioned .
during the scene at angela 's apartment after elliot kisses her she gets teary-eyed and asks what if i told you we could make it like none of this ever happened ? ''
angela replies no not just that i mean everything . ''
when she replies there is a very subtle shift in focus .
with any other show it probably would n't even be notable but here it happens at a very quiet moment with all of the focus on angela 's face .
if i knew how to gif something i 'd include a link .
it happens at 40:35 of the amazon version of the episode .
does there exist a tool for android that lets me track my location all day and then provide summaries about my activities ?
20 trips for groceries this might be a red flag and can help me create efficiencies
i have n't played in a bit and can not log in anymore on the game client or the website .
how am i supposed to put a support ticket in if i ca n't log into the website ?
some help would be appreciated if there is any support staff that reads this .
everyone 's like 90 head and their heads are kinda rounded squares ?
the main character/artist insert is a girl with two different colors of hair ?
it gets reposted on imgur pretty frequently and has similar content to most of the nihilistic millennial '' webcomics that are popular with my generation .
saw this on twitter and i 'm curious what r/hockey 's responses are .
hi all i was on atripla for one year june 2016 to august 2017 .
like many who have noted earlier i had some discomfort after taking medicine which included dizziness fatigue .
specifically two hours into the medication i would start feeling dizzy and would require to lie down or sleep for a bit .
this year i moved to the us for studies and my medicine was changed to genvoya which i have to say has come nothing short of a blessing .
it is going to be a month that i have taken genvoya and i have spent many nights up and awake !
since last one year i had not ventured out thinking i might collapse but genvoya has really made a difference .
i almost felt emotional the first night i had the medicine secretly hoping that the dizziness does n't kick in anytime .
wanted to ask if anyone else had that experience as well ?
also i wanted to ask about alcohol interaction with genvoya .
now i understand that alcohol in general is bad for hiv positive patients and i avoid having it to just once or twice a month .
but i do end up in gatherings and parties i am 27 where i am odd if i do n't have a glass in my hand .
so wanted to ask what the effect of alcohol conclusively is ?
and amongst the range of liquor what best would be best for hiv positive patients wine/gin i guess ?
i 'm a 19 year old sophmore going to school in texas currently doing my undergrad in hopes i will be able to get into med school .
i 'm going to a private liberal arts school and have a fair amount of the tuition paid for by scholarships and grants over half but it looks like i will need to pay for college on my own .
my father had agreed to pay any out of pocket cost not covered by financial aid if i went to a few schools of his choice all private religious-based schools .
if i did n't i would have to pay for college and everything entirely on my own .
my parents have always fought my dad being the cause for fights bad temper short fuse manipulative irrational but have not split up .
i attribute this to their catholic faith there being 6 children 4 currently live at home and 2 including me are at college acting as dependents of them my mother being afraid to leave due to her not having worked in 20 years etc .
it 's not official yet but it looks like it might actually be headed that way .
either way i want to estrange myself from them because they 're holding me back but i do n't know the steps i need to take to go it alone .
i originally was wary of going off on my own because it seemed too expensive to pay for on my own and it was a good education that was somewhat paid for will still end with 40k in loans if i were to continue on here .
my dad has always been bad with money multiple business failures 0 towards retirement has borrowed a ton from family and friends which has included me and my older brother .
he currently owes me 3500 which i have come to grips that i 'll probably never see again .
assets car paid for myself and 2500 in the bank .
my credit score is fairly good at a 725 .
preferably i do n't want to rely on credit to help me get through but it is there in case of an emergency .
i have some other family who lives in the area who could be helpful if i absolutely need it as well as a girlfriend .
i figure that i should transfer schools to a public state school in texas because i believe i qualify as a resident here used to live here as a kid moved away and now i 'm back in texas for school which should make tuition cheaper .
my dad has never allowed me to fill the fafsa out myself so i have no clue how it works if i were to try and fill it out .
i 'd like to be independent of him financially but i do not know what that entails as far as school is concerned .
he has also put it in my head that i would be unable to pay for school on my own and the best i could do is community college on my own .
the school i go to right now is fairly rigorous so i feel as though i 'd be able to handle state school and a part-time job on top of it .
am i able to take out the amount due entirely in loans ?
the loans currently out are in my name because i know his credit has been destroyed from years of not paying bills on time bouncing checks not paying taxes etc .
am i capable of paying for school on my own without his help ?
or is he actually telling the truth in this ?
i know i 'll need to act soon on this because transfer deadlines are approaching .
sports commentators will say something like this team is favored by 6 '' .
but are n't there lots of spreads with lots of different betting organizations ?
where are they getting this official '' spread from ?
i‘m making physical flash cards to practice conjugation and would like some advice on the best way to group the tenses/conjugation points .
i 'm not a fan of having 1 verb all conjugations in a single card like what you 'd find in a conjugation book preferring to break them into chunks .
as of now this is the strategy i came up with and i 'd like some feedback/possible points of improvement .
i thought to group them by politeness register as to my understanding you should n't be mixing them up starting with 아요 then switching to ㅂ니다 in the next sentence .
also i 'm sure i 'm missing a lot since these are the only conjugations covered in my beginner books .
so i 'd appreciate it if you could fill me in on the tenses/conjugations i need to sustain me at least until high-intermediate and where to group them with .
title pretty much says it curious if there 's anything i can take that will help prevent drug tolerance .
you 2 writers getting onto the f train at rockefeller plaza talking about who was going to get the paint and who was going to bring the mops on a nighttime mission .
shorter guy had a backpack with paint stains on it .
me in my work clothes directly next to you eavesdropping and not saying 'what you write ? '
even though i wanted to ask but i thought that would be lame so i 'm posting on reddit ...
to be fair you have to have a very high iq to understand korekiyo 's murder plans the murder is extremely subtle and without a solid grasp of seesaw physics most of the jokes will go over a typical ultimate 's head .
there 's also kiyo 's nihilistic outlook which is deftly woven into his characterisation his personal philosophy draws heavily from narodnaya volya literature for instance .
the fans understand this stuff they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these murders to realise that they 're not just smart they say something deep about life .
as a consequence people who dislike korekiyo shinguji truly are idiots of course they would n't appreciate for instance the humour in kiyo 's existential catchphrase ke ke ke which itself is a cryptic reference to turgenev 's russian epic fathers and sons .
i 'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as korekiyo 's genius wit unfolds itself on their video game console of choice .
and yes by the way i do have a korekiyo shinguji tattoo .
it 's for the sisters ' eyes only and even then they have to demonstrate that they 're within 5 iq points of my own preferably lower beforehand .
okay so i 've heard about this drug but the search on this sub gave me nothing except for a few people asking about others ' experiences to no avail .
the reason i find it so mysterious is because myristicin in nutmeg is an mmda precursor so supposedly it should n't be too hard to synthesise makes me wonder why is it so rare .
this subject is the one of the few if not only complaint threads i 've made for this game ... so it 's great to see it fixed .
i have one card with stickers and a pin for someone out there who has a quirky sense of humor who is also obsessed with cats !
if you 're feline like getting a cat card comment below !
on the 16th of may 2011 my mother and i were at home alone watching the space shuttle endeavour blast off on tv we live in europe so it was nighttime around 10pm i think and once the shuttle lifted off i told my mother that we should go outside to see it pass over as it was travelling over the atlantic on its way to orbit .
and we watched the small point of light of the shuttle pass over head we had watched the iss go over before so knew what spacecraft looked like in orbit .
and looking to the south we spotted three orange lights the lights were just hovering in the distance and suddenly as we watched they began moving drifting across the sky .
we live in a country area so we often hear planes and helicopters but there was no sound as these lights drifted by and then we felt a blast of warm air and my mother ran inside i watched the lights continue to drift in the night beyond the trees at the end of our property and then i went inside .
did n't sleep all night and could n't find any explanation for seeing that during a shuttle launch .
i would be happy to answer any questions you may have though would prefer to only do so in the comments so as to stimulate discussion so no pm 's please !
selling eternal for 4k also do n't trust with a name that starts with zaza .
i used to play siege every day i have a total of about 1000 hours in game that does n't include the 1500 hours i probably have sitting in queue .
about 4 months ago i left the states for work and am unable to play online videogames until i get back home in about 3 months .
ever since i left ive been craving siege i still play the situaions because they are the only thing that works offline i watch videos of other people playing when i get a chance and i find myself on the siege reddit just about every day trying to stay up to date with this game .
i have never been so obsessed with a game and i really think im addicted .
do any of you ever feel this way about siege ?
note when i do play i do n't play non stop i have a steady job and spend a lot of time doing non videogame related hobbies .
so you should be careful how much you validate her but i heard it 's possible to give compliments without validating and validating without giving compliments ?
does anyone know how to get the knack of what this giving validation '' thing is all about ?
if it matters any i 've had some success with sex a few hours after meeting them and had multiple medium and long term relationships before .
i just do n't quite get this validation thing .
im first and foremost looking for 20th events i dont have which is most of them besides genesect/arceus .
i am also looking for redeems other codes and events or shinies .
so make an offer and we can go from there !
basically does gasket replacement require the new gasket and some type of sealant ?
my son is a swimmer and pretty large when flaccid .
any suggestions or advice of making his bulge less obvious .
any advice or suggestions feel free to pm me or comment below .
i started work in the food industry recently part time as a student and i hate it .
walking into that place makes me so anxious that i want to throw up .
my manager is shitty my coworkers are so superior its crowded and tiny and hot and i 'm claustrophobic .
i have n't even shown up for my last two shifts .
i did n't call my supervisor i did n't get anyone to cover for me or anything .
i know thats so shitty of me but they have literally so many people working the shift that they have to send them back to the dish room so im not even leaving them in the lurch .
i literally ca n't even fathom going back there if i 'm not gon na get fired anyway .
i should probably just quit at this point but i do n't even know how to do that because i ca n't work another two weeks there or i 'm going to have a breakdown .
part of me wishes they would jus fire me already so i do n't have to deal with this bull shit anymore .
i want to start a specific amount of windows .
we 're obviously focusing on the absolute best toons in pvp .
apart from swamp thing which toons do you think brings almost nothing even to the offensive side of the arena ?
i remember having to read this story in high school .
it was about this guy telling this story about his brother i think ?
maybe it was a narrator talking about this guy ...
but everyone has there intelligence dumbed down so no one feels better than everyone else i remember they had a device that screamed in your ear to make you stop thinking ...
the ending was the guy taking off his muting device and flying with some woman only to be shot by another woman with a shot gun on live tv..
i 've watched a lot of their stuff since i joined about a year and a half ago but my favourite bit is still pat 's i 'm a self sustaining economy '' during the credits for x-com 2
is anyone planning on going to the harry potter festival in chestnut hill https youtu.be/_yeq-zfjm-m this year ?
i know last year was a shitshow but it sounds like they are better prepared this year .
they are closing off a much bigger area will have designated parking shuttles too beer gardens food trucks more bathrooms .
do n't forget about quidditch tournament at chestnut hill college https www.chc.edu/quidditch-tournament-information !
here is some info from chc 's website https www.chc.edu/student-life/harry-potter-weekend about the conference etc .
i 'm not affiliated with any of the festivities .
i am just hoping to generate a discussion about your plans what you 'd like to see/do this year etc .
i 'm only going for saturday 's events but am extremely excited !
been looking around on here for anyone to mention it .
my team and i a full 4 man team beat it at 7:10 am est .
a full 16 hours after the drop for season pass holders using that as the reference point and i have n't seen anyone say they beat it .
i 'm excited to be living in europe this year so i can have a pick of my favorite metal festival and i 've always wanted to go to roadburn .
those who have gone what is the vibe like ?
and more importantly is the lineup complete http roadburn.com/line-up for the year ?
i ca n't tell if they will add more bands because so many of those listed play multiple sets .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https qz.com/1090021/your-next-head-of-lettuce-grown-by-a-robot reduced by 87 .
the farm run by startup iron ox is nestled between three stonemasons and a plumber in a nondescript office park building there 039 s no greenhouse no rows of freshly-tilled soil or tractor parked outside .
instead of fake food or plant-based meat meals or even a food delivery service tethered to an app iron ox is reinventing farming raising real not faux food .
traditional outdoor farms don 039 t mesh with suburban sprawl but the planned square-acre greenhouses have a small footprint that can easily fit into dense urban or suburban areas .
while raising crops has evolved from the time of small family farms it 039 s still inefficient alexander says .
plenty another bay area startup recently received 200 million from the softbank vision fund with a similar mission of distributed farms near metropolitan areas .
humans now do the work slated for the robots but the pre-robot farming provides a valuable runway of data for iron ox about optimal growing conditions .
summary source http smmry.com/https qz.com/1090021/your-next-head-of-lettuce-grown-by-a-robot faq http autotldr.io 229379 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords farm 1 plant 2 arm 3 tray 4 iron 5
post found in r/technology http np.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/7643n3/your_next_head_of_lettuce_grown_by_a_robot_a and r/futurology http np.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/7643ll/your_next_head_of_lettuce_grown_by_a_robot_a .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
hello i am looking for the historical data of the transactions per day of the ripple coin .
i feel like i came up with a decent idea what are everyones thoughts .
since destiny hasnt released random perks on items how about introducing a vender or just a way in your inventory to reroll your items perks using legendary shards since everyone has like 1,200 .
i 'm quite disappointed i expected more change in my life .
but first i want to give a short summary of my nofap journey .
i 'm 20 years old and i pmo'ed about 3 times a day before nofap .
i was really depressed and unhappy there was just no point to continue living .
i thought masterbating was the most pleasure i could get in my life .
at the start of the summer vacation i decided to really change my life or at least try to do so .
in the middle of the vacation i started nofap .
it was really difficult but since i was on vacation i could focus on other activities .
i was so hopefull especially after reading so many success stories .
i really thought that i could change my life all this hope was my driving force .
i had high expectations and i was looking forward to all these benefits .
but now after 60 days i 'm really disappointed .
i feel like there has n't been a lot of change .
and a majority of the nofap benefits are n't present at all .
but this benefit was already present at day 1 of course .
at day 30 or so i also stopped gaming i suddenly lost interest .
more muscular but this is probably because of going to the gym 4 times a week .
the small amount of motivation i have is used on going to the gym .
i feel like i became taller in just 2 months i do n't have an explanation for this .
there are some days i feel a bit happier but this is just for a short time .
i want to socialize more but i do n't have the confidence or motivation to realise this urge for socialization .
i 'm just to silent and shy to talk to people .
dreams are a lot more realistic and i dream almost every night now .
i even had a wet dream during this streak in my whole life i have never had one .
it 's like people feel like i 'm present or something .
this is strange and difficult to explain but i 'm getting looked at more by both sexes .
i notice girls look at me for a couple of seconds but i do n't know how to respond to this and i ca n't hold eye contact with them .
i do n't feel happy motivated or confident if a girl stares at me i just notice it and get uncomfortable .
i do n't know if they find me attractive or just really ugly which makes them stare .
but in a way it feels nice though as if i 'm relevant .
all in all these benefits are so little compared to all the big changes i have read from other users .
i dont have the energy motivation confidence or happiness ... the list goes on .
these are big changes which can really impact my mood .
these were the reasons i started nofap and which i thought could change my life .
i still have hope that i can change my life .
as i was out and about i saw someone with this symbol https imgur.com/l61y3jn tattooed on his neck in black not red .
it looks a lot like an iron cross but double iron cross '' only yields two iron crosses side by side not sharing the horizontal bar .
what is this symbol called and what does it represent ?
the guy was white and in his 20 's as far as i could tell .
hi me and my girlfriend will soon be in romania and are really hoping to do some hiking because as of late our european trip has been mostly spent in the cities .
the transylvanian region looks amazing and there seems to be endless hiking that can be done so we are having a very hard time choosing which ones to pick .
we will be in sibiu first coming from chisinau and then braşov .
preferably we would like to do some long hikes maybe 10-25 km but do n't have any gear for overnighting .
also we really would prefer somewhere that we can get to with public transport and maybe is n't too far from the cities as we are too young to rent a car .
any ideas and general advice to romania as a whole also appreciated !
there was a set of recordings a while back with some soft background music talking about a hole in his wall and all the possibilities it could imply and a second one where he 's surprised with a box .
neither were scary per se but a little trippy to listen to .
hope all enjoy this calculation and all the info i can present about herbiboar
i will make a updated version once i reach 99 hunter and i will go for 5k catches to give u more calculations on the matter then .
took me 15 digsite pendants 9 stamina pot per trip but some trips incomplete but i used about 306 stamina 4 i avaraged about 120k xp/hr slight afk here and there otherwise its over 130k/hr this all took me about 55-60 hours
what i mean is maybe for the sake of the narrative her memories were altered that for all intents and purposes she became the mastermind .
the prologue of the game hints that the students did n't join the killing game voluntarily so going off of that maybe tsumugi was actually just a regular student and not an employee like she claims she just thinks that she is because her memories have been altered .
another thing that bothers me is her reaction in the class trial when she 's called out she denies it saying it 's not possible .
what really bugs me about this is how she starts to repeat herself like her mind is struggling to process something or she 's being prevented from saying something .
almost as if her personality is being forcefully overwritten .
it 's simple depending on how the characters perceive the narrative potentially anybody could be the 'mastermind ' .
you might think that 's a stretch but although the truth ca n't be altered in these circumstances the characters perception of the truth can be altered .
danganronpa is a bastardized live tv show and like any good show it has to be interesting .
characters start out basic with some easy to understand personalities and obvious motivations that are made clear from the beginning then their personalities are built upon with the flashback lights specifically motivations to murder and maybe even the methods themselves are written into them .
but how can tsumugi not be the mastermind if there 's evidence that she murdered rantaro ?
well why could n't it have been planted there ?
the story in danganronpa is half improvisation with the personalities given to the students chaotically interacting with eachother and half 'team danganronpa ' manipulating the students motivations in order to keep the show interesting .
this is my first year being a pg in 2k in a while and that means dealing with screens .
idk how it was in prior years but this year i would be holding right on the analog stick but my player runs left and gets stuck in an animation of my player trying to figure out which way to go around the pick .
its frustrating because when i call for a screen cpu can just slide right past it like butter .
as head of oculus pc department i was looking forward to hearing from you connect like every year .
or maybe ... are you planning a pc specific event outside of oc ?
edit someone knows the reddit account of brendan so we could ping him ?
below is a list of the deltas awarded in this post https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/760pif/cmv_when_someone_confesses_to_a_murder_then_later .
please note that a change of view is not necessarily a reversal https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/index wiki_what_is_a_.27view.27.3f and that op awarding a delta does n't mean the conversation has ended .
for a full explanation of the delta system see here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem .
1 delta from op to u/skysteps00000 for interrogators often use a technique known as the reid technique https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/reid_technique that is designed to raise the confession rate .
the issue is that this technique makes ... https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/760pif/cmv_when_someone_confesses_to_a_murder_then_later/doafbiz ? context=1 ''
awardedtext '' interrogators often use a technique known as the reid technique https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/reid_technique-paren that is designed to raise the confession rate .
its a very silly question but i need to know the answer .
so i was suffering from involuntary movement of my jaw and that severely damaged my tmj .
so my dentist installed these arches on both my upper and lower gums to hold the jaw from not moving anymore .
my question really is that these arches are like blades in my mouth so i resorted to putting cotton between them and my lips i read somewhere that these cotton are n't really cotton and might not be safe .
so i was wondering if its okay to keep cotton in my mouth for the next 15 days i change the cotton between every liquid meal and medicines .
i know this is common knowledge to a lot of people but since this is the first time we 've had an event that requires trial of the champion rather than making it optional do not put off the trial of the champion portion of the event .
trial of the champion ends on sunday night on my server and i do n't know how much it varies to other servers so if people on my server do not get the 200 points by sunday night as opposed to the thursday night event end they will not be able to get aidan or the custom icon .
just a heads up for all you procrastinators out there !
and why the shoulder pads are so obscenely over sized ?
i have been farming for shoulders from asher mir because there the only ones that do n't look like truck fenders glued to my shoulders .
1xfunnybook for octane in pink and for type s in sky blue
i am the type of guy who works all the time .
thats why it was so odd that i found myself coming home for lunch that friday afternoon .
nothing seemed to be a miss as i slipped my key into the door knob and turned it open .
even as i aimlessly wandered in the kitchen i didnt expect anything was out of the ordinary .
that was until i heard the laughter coming from upstairs .
slowly i crept to the bottom of the stair case and peered upward
as i got farther and farther up the staircase i realized that the familiar laughter was coming from my stepdaughter insert your name here room .
insert your name here ... .. '' i called out again .
as i stepped up to the door i realized it was cracked open just slightly .
i was n't ready for what my eyes beheld .
it was her boyfriend trace ... ... ... .i always hated that prick ... ... ..what kind of a name was trace '' anyways ? ... ... trace ... .with his stupid hair and his ridiculous good looks i never knew for sure but i had always expected he was fucking my daughter .
but here he was sitting on the edge of my baby girls bed his pants around his ankles .
his young cut jock body leaning back as one hand gently rubbed the top of your head .
i almost didnt recognize insert your name here there ... ..down on her knees ... ... wearing just a tiny white thong that just barely covered your tight puckered little asshole .
you just looked ... ... .so womanly ... ... .so sexy ... ... ...
i could only see your back side and your small feet tucked there under your round bubble butt .
i hear you question as your head begins to bob .
ohhh baby that is sooo good '' he coached back .
this little slut is getting coached on how to suck dick when she is supposed to be at school .
i nearly kicked the door in right there and began my tirade .
or at least i would have ... ... ..if i could only stop watching .
every so often your head would pull back and i would watch her hand begin to pump his cock and he would coo ohh fuck baby ... ..oh yea ! ''
slowly i began to step back from the door .
i decided this was going to play out a little different .
carefully i made my way down the staircase and went back to the kitchen to finish making lunch .
within 20 minutes i heard the rumble of you and he coming back down the staircase .
i watched from the kitchen as your young perky tits bounced and swayed with each stair .
this was the first time i had ever seen you in such a sexual manner before .
i felt my cock swell between my legs at the sight of her .
he finally stepped on the bottom step and turned around placing his hands on your bare hips and pressed his mouth to yours .
i finally cleared my throat and both of you jolted your line of sight toward me .
he quickly bolted toward the door not even saying good bye .
embarrassed you began to try to cover up as i made my way toward you and began to cry daddy wha ... ... .i was ... .what are you doing home ... ... .. ''
send me a message and we can hash out ideas or jump right in .
dark hair thin lean shapely build and blue eyes .
i tend to be a lengthy writer so expect 4-7 paragraphs in each response and i am also a very detailed writer so i hope you like that and i hope you do the same .
if you want to tweak the formula or change anything feel free .
if you have any questions feel free to ask .
and i dont care if you like to jump right in or if you like to introduce your self and hash out ideas first .
i would love to set up a role play scene where i am the younger girl .
maybe you could be an older neighbor the family doctor or even someone in a position of power of me .
exact ages and roles could be discussed in private but you would need to be the pervy aggressor asking me to undress and fondling me as part of the build up to the sex .
i have several ideas for scenes of this flavor but kinks should include anal cum play and breeding i also think it would be hot to have a little hairy pussy choose a style from this list for my pussy armpits and ass
genuinely interested what the quality of dope is like comparing u.k scotland and america like anyone tried both and can fill me in ?
also convinced myself on bus journey to pwn iphone on a buyback ofc lol so i can get speedballs definitely and not just have to sell bud to get cash together !
and in that case would probably only be enough for brown would take too long possibly for my patience to sell some for white aha
oh well probs check back soon on slightly cheaper android so i can still browse and tether my tablet 😂
here 's a name i havent seen mentioned around here at all .
either as a dj or with full band would be great .
does n't tour the us a ton and has no radius clause hangup as is .
i dont believe he 's ever performed at coachella either .
new audio/visual album is 'finished ' and a single should be released this month the album concept https www.kickstarter.com/projects/henrysaiz/henry-saiz-audiovisual-album-project/description is really interesting if you know nothing about it.. also just recently did an incredible essential mix https soundcloud.com/henrysaiz-essentialmix2017-09-30/henry-saiz-essential-mix-2017-09-30 thats very different from what you would traditionally hear in that space .
saw him at minimal effort nye and definitely stole the night for me .
could see him in the yuma for a dj set or in one of the smaller tents with full band ...
this is meant to be a discussion about the toolsets used by modern researchers and their relative workflows .
please include some of the websites/software used in your discovery/communication/review phases arxiv google scholar academic journals etc.. .
the goal here is to constructively gather insights into how these tools could be improved which means you can offer suggestions or just talk about any shortcomings you feel these tools have .
looking for a viral video of 5-6 men at a party performing an impromptu horn section acapella perhaps turkish or armenian .
when i switch to a new package on a tank that retains the same gun as the last package .
do not strip the ammo loadout i had before ... pls and thx .
does the 72 hr visa apply in my case ?
and if so does it require any prior prep or does it all take place at the airport with proof of single city layover ?
any comments about the length of processing time are appreciated as well .
from the shanghai pudong airport is it reasonable to get the 72 hr visa travel to shanghai disneyland and come back to the airport in 15-16 hrs ?
seems like a lot of time but i 'd rather be safe than sorry .
right now i think the gf is focused mainly on tron ... probably about 10 times if possible .
i thought of like a lmg type of gun maybe slow rate of fire close range average damage maybe lower .
there would probably be balancing issues but it can be worked out by the developers .
it 's just an idea if you have any pros and cons let it known please just wondering if it would be a good idea ?
sorry if this has been asked before but i was trying to figure this out but could n't think of an answer .
so if the guns give humans welts but can kill the hosts like real bullets does that mean the hosts are more fagil or there skin is atleast ?
or are they somehow programed to let '' the bullet pierce their flesh .
and if it 's the latter could dolores and maev now be immune to the fake guns like humans are ?
how many people work at these places and do you have any openings
there are so many viable characters in this game that it 's near impossible to remember all the ins-and-outs of each one .
that 's probably at least partially why players like m2k do n't do well in smash 4 .
the bright lord 's new recruitment plan was not surprisingly slightly more successful than sauron 's .
making a stronger build would do a lot more than some more levels .
20 more levels soon is the goal though to raise my stamina .
oh and btw the other day i used this one item that gave me 1 billion amrita .
sonm all the fucking way and it 's cheap af right now .
idk how you managed to do anything with your hair style wise after cutting it .
had long hair for about a decade and decided to cut it off and took months before my hair would do anything other than sperg out in every direction as if it was celebrating the freedom .
yea and then they 'd just use it to play minecraft .
but with byes it 's be a mathematical certainty someone or several someones are going to get fucked .
there 's always a change of pace back or a wr5 for other positions .
i would occasionally opt for a gluten free pizza .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/agario if you have any questions or concerns .
yes but i think trap is generally considered to be derogatory the more normal word being femboy
that was my point all matches are now mixed .
i played one match against germany and it had 1x109 .
it was basically flying against the us who had an air spawn advantage .
yeah when you sit in your car after blowing a 3-1 lead and beg the second best player in the nba to join your 73-9 squad and grossly overmatch the other team then they usually wo n't stand a fucking chance .
you ca n't even sext legally if you are a minor .
and there is a silent majority who are in different .
i like the move a tad more than i wanted to lock him up for .
does n't that then suggest that it is a developer decision ... .
to be fair there would be plenty of far far far worse options .
interesting i never realized jailbreaking could be used for work nowadays i 'm in jr year of hs if that relatable jailbreaking used to be nice for file sharing but now there are clouds for that mainly use d pullover
was n't the biggest fan of the fake hoods .
and as for s6 everything was good nothing was bad imo but it just does n't quite stack up to s1 or s5 .
we are looking at the base gym because we live close .
hear hear ... the refusal to outline exactly what dpi is is very frustrating ... .
invested lapis are 4 selling it back wont return 5 4+1 from that equipment lapis back so basically 'transfer ' is no
i 've never really went more than 3 dates and still not known if i liked a person .
maybe if it was like 3 short dates or something but even then there would still be decent conversation going and a decent amount of flirting ?
i do n't want to have a lot of dates and getting attached and then find out we are sexually incompatible .
i thought goths wanted to be one with the likes of wolves ?
source was a goth now wondering if i was doing it wrong all these years .
fuuuuck that would 've been huge now we have to face the refs again .
i can say yeah.. the look on their fans faces when the yanks won..
i bet you wo n't eat chicken if it has bones in it .
i do n't really have a reason for the concern but i 'm the same way about riding a bike around cars .
i used to enjoy riding my bike a lot as a kid but riding in an area with lots of traffic just does n't work for me the cost benefit analysis of assuming drivers wo n't be fucking stupid does n't check out .
it sucks until you can do long runs but when you get to the point where you can do 2-4 miles at a stretch you really start to enjoy it .
i posted a comment almost exactly like this in another thread .
soccer has a lot of potential to become a big sport in the us .
they just have to seize the opportunity they have .
with football losing traction and baseball past it 's prime in the us soccer may very well be the sport of the future here .
love seeing scherzer get beat up for his one inning of relief
that tweet said nothing about the character being a marvel character
we actually knew one of those who left for work and he was chatting with us on discord while at work .
you 'll never know if he do n't blow his load in your tight bunghole !
d.c. has n't been destroyed this badly since august 24 1814 .
see if they realize their mistake if they choose to go forward with it .
when you 're swiping to get to the infinite incubator swipe slightly above the incubators but still within the incubator tab .
that way even if you tap you will never tap the actual incubator .
after i learned this trick i never wasted a single incubator .
if u was you i would n't stop taking your medication .
that 's not true i do n't hate you .
you seem really down today i hope that you 're okay .
if a woman is concerned about her safety by the time she is having sex with him she should n't be having sex with him or put herself in that position .
because women 's clothes are tight and made for fashion not comfort where men 's clothes are made for both or just comfort .
i also have bpd and struggle with a lot of the things you struggle with .
i just do n't feel like i can be truly happy deep down .
your story resonates with me so much and i just wanted to say good luck .
that 's some big weight dude haha it looks good only input i could give would be to make sure you inhale and brace before you start to lower the weight .
it seemed like you were lowering the bar before you finished taking your breath .
thank god i came to comment how much i liked the ford-dole sticker
i do n't know i feel like whether either of the endings are happy or not has so much to do with perspective .
on rebellion they kind of make it look like the original ending was terrible .
there 's literally a scene of madoka saying that that ending is the worst thing that could happen to her .
homura talks about how she eventually started to think she was crazy and just made up everything .
when i watched it even though i was happy that madoka was now a symbol of hope and the magical girls were on a better place i was crushed seeing madoka just go away and homura not being able to do something about it her mother talking about her not knowing who she was .
when i watched the last episode itself i mostly felt it was a happy ending anyway but the more i thought about it the more sad it seemed .
that 's why i think it was perfectly bittersweet .
the rebellion ending i think it tries to play with that by doing the exact opposite .
madoka sayaka mami sayaka and kyoko are all alive and happy again .
but the way they do it it makes us a feel like that was bad by making homura a demon forever disturbed and madokami that gave everyone so much hope being taken away the ending implying madoka would n't approve what she did ...
i do n't really know what conclusion i get from all that tbh lol .
dude cig is n't running out of online storage for ccus .
if they had been honest about this being a pure money issue for them i would be cool about the subject .
the breakdown in fireal is legendary kinda gives me a nirvana vibe .
i would n't be too concerned dc sports are simply destined for losing if they 're not ready for it then this is their first lesson .
just buy hardware that it is known good '' .
i had n't had a problem with hardware compatibility for at least last 5 years .
i 'm a bad and inconsistent poster but i 'm pledging at least one irony self-post per week .
that 's less than the price of a cup of coffee .
more than competitive results from 1994 michigan state police tests
the caprice was also 2 seconds faster around msps road course and got the same fuel economy .
i ca n't wait to see dusty have scherz warm up then sit about 30 times tonight .
then he 'll start him on 2 days rest if they make the nlcs and wonder why his arm falls off .
i need gio huffing mold before he gets back out on that mound
it comes in a set with a lip liner and a tube of lipstick it applies like butter its so smooth .
it also stays extremely well i can rub my hand on my mouth and it wo n't budge .
how is the country becoming less white having the fruits of your ancestors labor slip away from you ?
much of that labor was built with the muscles of people of color .
since the counselor already told the kid it 's inappropriate '' someone needs to tell the kid that guy was 100 wrong and that there 's nothing wrong with being gay or bi .
this poor kid is probably already traumatized and humiliated and feeling ashamed .
and your titties make my dick hard under my christmas pants
fuck tyjo with the buzzer beater i think heddy just set the bar
in disney 's alice in wonderland when the flowers are trying to figure out what alice is thinking she is a flower they call her something that sounds like o-bee-lay-vile-gar-is .
i 've wondered for years what that plant was and what it looked like .
i recommend following the steps in option 4 here https www.reddit.com/r/kotor/comments/70f30d/rkotor_compendium_questions_of_all_kinds_answered/dn2ohqv which should resolve it .
agora vamos problematizar com quem as atrizes '' transam ...
honestly r/personalfinance is right when it says make more money '' .
the amount you 'll be able to make by investing 1500 is tiny compared to what you can get by increasing your earning potential .
throw that in a vanguard fund or wealthfront first 10k is managed free ignore it and focus on crushing school and learning about how to grow your career .
i will have to keep an eye out for that one .
and i guess that european or japanese release i guess .
always liked him just for some reason took me long time to get him into the collection
if the line was good i could see mixon being a borderline rb1 .
i basically envision mixon being a melvin gordon type .
he 's gon na see volume and hopefully he 'll be used in the passing game more .
the offense is pretty good and you just hope for rz touches which he at least leads his team in .
i have to wonder if it might be easier or cheaper to just pay the hackers to check your credit score for you .
the sewing kit idea is actually kind of genius as that 's exactly the sort of thing they tend to borrow . ''
same goes for small blades in my experience anyway .
do you guys have any experience living as independent adults ?
paying your own bills keeping your own house nice stuff like that ?
he was n't out of position in regards to the system .
ah i remember when i first broke the game .
just a simple blank card/jera break that was a good time .
poor computer couldnt even handle it and crashed the game
clean your condenser in some isopropyl and reclaim the rosin .
you can turn it into butter for edibles dab it or mix it into your bowls for a nice kick .
the only thing that could have redeemed the prequels might i add ...
does gatherer 's quick venture only scale off gathering stat or is it ilevel ?
a cryptocurrency or crypto currency is a digital asset designed to work as a medium of exchange using cryptography to secure the transactions and to control the creation of additional units of the currency .
cryptocurrencies are classified as a subset of digital currencies and are also classified as a subset of alternative currencies and virtual currencies .
bitcoin created in 2009 was the first decentralized cryptocurrency .
so who do you think will get their way in the end the gay trump voters who think he will support them or the zealots '' whom trump is speaking to at this event ?
read what i just wrote in the post below..you clearly missed this part of my sentence
unless you 're actively trading between eth and btc ? ''
i would love to see my team ruin some more dreams .
keep an eye out for funches to embrace the physicality of his routes .
with all the bullshit food manufacturers are pulling i wonder how long until our food starts coming from china .
i 'm sure they 'll also label it all american™ '' claiming they 're just referring to the style of the recipe .
that would require speaking to them and i 'm not about that life .
did n't know one shoulder back straps started in houston .
a theater would be the only place a clockwork orange would be playing because it sure as hell would n't be on tv .
yet he still dresses like a 45 year old single mother whose kids still live at home .
in bf1 and every previous battlefield for that matter there are meta '' weapons that are more popular for being slightly better in more situations or just being plain easy to use eg .
the hellriegel but for the most part weapons are balanced pretty effectively against each other .
you 're 99 as effective with the default loadout of each class as you are with rank 10 weapons and unlockable gadgets .
this guy does n't read punchlines but he sure replies to all of them
no since that 's already our unwritten policy and it 's spookier without it being codified
i believe josh richardson has a higher ceiling than tyler johnson
a cryptocurrency or crypto currency is a digital asset designed to work as a medium of exchange using cryptography to secure the transactions and to control the creation of additional units of the currency .
cryptocurrencies are classified as a subset of digital currencies and are also classified as a subset of alternative currencies and virtual currencies .
bitcoin created in 2009 was the first decentralized cryptocurrency .
in order to get enough force up to dent that thing it 'll be going fast enough to damage itself in the process
i have to go to cleveland next weekend for a wedding .
i needed to get a hotel and the prices were insane .
well you can get shit almost everyday and it 's free ... .if you have good bowel movement
i wonder how big of a role the media played into pushing the m.j. is a pedo angle .
i totally believed it back then m.j. was extremely eccentric which did n't help at all .
personally i would just bring in max if things go haywire again fuck it
i still want to make fun battles people enjoy commenting on so i just take bits and pieces of info from top threads and see how they play out .
first i have personally had conversations with you about iron man vs. magneto .
i have first hand knowledge that you argue that iron man beats magneto even without any nerfing for either side .
in other words you are aware that taking the characters at face value still results in a competitive match .
yet in this thread you not only nerf magneto you do it to such an overt and over-the-top extent as to try and remove all doubt from the match .
your biases are blatant and multiple users picked up on them immediately as evidenced by the comments and voting .
secondly your comments in this thread reveal your immature behavior .
when the very first comment pointed out that you must hate magneto you responded with a completely unrelated point about how magneto could n't affect iron man in the 80s completely ignoring the fact that your rules already precluded magneto from doing so in this match .
when somebody actually argued that magneto wins you expressed incredulity '' are you just playing devil 's advocate here or do you actually think magneto wins ? ''
showing your intention to create a totally lopsided match and surprise when someone did n't play along .
i think his whole schtick is that he was able to make it in a certain desirable way right ?
we did n't get to check it out but i really wish we could have .
we drove in from the east through grand junction and i really loved how from that point on we could pretty much always see the la sal mountains no matter where we were .
i cried once because i was in danger of trouble for some unimportant crap
well maybe true in the loose and very technically-incorrect way that it gets slung around here as a synonym for power-gamers munchkins and/or murder-hobos .
in the game theory sense the original meaning of min-max is that you maximise your minimums .
you make your bad points as good less bad as you can .
so a true min-maxer is going to work hard to eliminate their weaknesses .
whereas the thoroughly incorrect way min-max is bandied around online is that you maximise one thing above everything else .
so you increase your weaknesses to make your one strength even stronger .
true min-maxing is n't a power grab it 's about creating a well rounded character .
and of course a well rounded character can still be good at the things they 're supposed to be good at e.g .
kept squinting till the resolution of the pic became 4k .
made me remember a saying from a wise woman ...
i feel like it should be illegal for radio stations to play screeching tires horns or sirens that shit always makes me freak out and look around while i 'm driving
clannad by far but you wo n't finish that in one night .
anohana https myanimelist.net/anime/9989/ano_hi_mita_hana_no_namae_wo_bokutachi_wa_mada_shiranai on the other hand is a very manageable 11 episodes .
i ca n't take koekkoek seriously because of his name .
i just ca n't help but giggle whenever i hear or see that name
not sure i understood your question correctly but i use both my passports interchangeably with no problem .
i leave philippines showing my ph passport i enter my country of destination say denmark with my other passport .
yeah bloom is a bigger problem to me than ghost bullet .
i just wish the radar recovery is a bit better when using hc for something that we need to use quite defensively at close quarter most of the time .
i always think it 's a cute thing a friend does and am disappointed when i find it 's from a movie and dumb for thinking it was original .
except the only person who thought we were offering overs was krazy kornes and he often acts like he 's inhaled too much smoke from his brief time as a firefighter when it comes to reporting on the crows .
muslims are required to pay taxes or zakah in an islamic state which is often higher than the dhimmis .
ernie is great during the tnt pre game show but no one is at the chuckster 's level
well you must not like food or flowers or land based life in general seeing as bees/wasps are major pollinators for a more than significant chunk of everything you consume .
think before you speak bud you 're more likely to not sound like a moron .
thanks man but we did see the same images except in higher quality a month ago https www.reddit.com/r/lego/comments/700bq4/lego_brickheadz_series_2 .
which brings us at last to the moment of truth wherein the fundamental flaw is ultimately expressed and the anomaly revealed as both beginning and end .
that disparity is exacerbated by making it a commodity though .
for me the public restrooms that fit that description are already in bad neighborhoods .
speaking of shitty things wtf is up with the downvote habit here ?
you assumed wrongly for no other reason than you are a stupid person that does n't know shit from shinola .
is the one on the right translucent at all ?
i hacked the vault in a bounty but the vault stayed closed even though the objective is to enter the vault .
also the data thingy you have to pick up to hack the vault fell through the world making bounties unfinishabble.
also sometimes next objective for bounties do n't show up at all also making the bounty unfinishable .
no no no it 's the shadow government whenever something bad happens when they 're in power .
it is just a references to the comics junkenstein '' reinhardt tell a story to his friends and create characters based on them .
so he gave his face to the land lord .
meh i prefer to stay in open myself running into dangerous creeps and surviving is part of the fun .
i just do n't let myself forget what strangers are capable of so i 'm never surprised .
just yesterday i learned you can zoom in on the pip boy .
and turn it around a little when holding the zoom button .
not much of a game play mechanic but cool anyways .
jane is the easiest tank to use in chapter 7 .
i would n't be surprised if this trend continues to hold .
i 'm not acting like it does n't happen .
it happens more with eu shitting on na i saw that stupid thread about how 0 eu teams going to qf and 3 na teams will '' that was stupid as shit .
and yes the circlejerk is so garbage on this thread .
lots of times sports have nothing to do with it being earned .
so many games are decided on luck or a fluke .
as everyone said in the comments we would really like an update on what happens .
this thread is open for 6 months till it gets archived .
i know john stockton went to school with his daughter for 6 years at a pretty small school
somebody please a test with an update would be fantastic !
gon na need a small kid in that football game crowd shouting vic-tor-y vic-tor-y ''
here is the link to the original comment thread .
https www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/762nxe/bitcoin_was_useless_in_this_disaster_scenario or you can comment here to start a discussion .
how i wish queenie was in the cult now lol
i am i just have n't had too much time lately with school and the recent wildfire going on .
i should be able to trade today unless i get distracted again .
whoever made this does n't know what they 're talking about .
finish school get married get a job and pop out a kid in very quick sequence .
can you use freeze panes for the rows containing the controls ?
one of the big things is that they tend to get harassed and discouraged by the community when they show off their projects
it 's the exact type of move that buried the nats last year except it was the dodgers doing it so it worked .
1080 ryzen 1600 3.9ghz 16gb ddr4 3000 120gb ssd and 500gb hdd 550w psu and stock cooler
dereliction of duty would be doing nothing in the face of a crisis .
there was so much emphasis on the floating blood i figured jonathan was going to fling some into gates ' eyes and make a daring escape or something .
how can it be safe if it takes half an hour for the blood pressure to stabilize ?
very high bp can cause immediate complications like an intracranial bleed .
consistently high bp will cause a lot of complications in the long run .
so if it takes half an hour for someones blood pressure to stabilize after activity maybe they are better off with meds .
i agree with the list but sennheiser and beyer are outliers here .
they make some great stuff but they are so massive their lineups are dominated by absolute low-fi horrors .
the august 12-14 birthdays might just be the only ones to have you beat .
we 're all seekers of a b r o c n o c amongst layers .
the problem is the terminology you and many other people are using is intentionally vague and ignorant of historical context .
in the sense that you mean it that muslims are dogmatically opposed to all non-muslims mohammad never preached death to nonbelievers '' .
in particular he repeatedly denoted jews and christians as fellow people of the book '' and followers of the same god and as such instructed his followers to show them the same kindness and courtesy as they would their own family .
the context you 're missing is that mohammad had a personal vendetta against the people of mecca which exiled him shortly after he began preaching in the city .
it 's important to note that the quran was compiled over the course of mohammad 's entire lifetime and the content and context of the writings are deeply intertwined .
mohammad and his followers saw their exile from mecca analogous to the babylonian exile of the jews and if you compare mohammad 's rhetoric during the exile and subsequent siege of mecca it is often directly comparable perhaps even direct citations of old testament passages .
as a student of history i ca n't just analyze a source 's text i have to consider the meaning of that text and what it meant to the person that created it .
when i read through the quran i see an author who had no idea how influential he would become until he was able to put together an army and retake mecca .
he must have thought holy shit god really is on my side ! ''
as a result post-mecca you start to see a major cooling-down and a lot of mohammad 's writings deal with administration social and familial duties and financial policies all of which were quite revolutionary for the time and helped restructure the middle east as a major world power for nearly a century .
op thats the smile of someone who has unbelievable strength .
you 're awesome and taking on challenges not many people in this world can take absolutely including myself .
will be sharing this to anyone who might have tips and i 'll surely be back if i think of anything .
idk where you are but its 1 am where i am .
it will be 4 pm eastern time on 15 hours and 9 pm bst i believe and weekend league demand will cause players to rise compared to the few players on right now causing low demand which means lower prices .
well i hope he is something like sould absolver ... primary fires souls and then he heals from them ... as per some speculations people say he is somwhat like xenobia ...
i 'm unsure if i 'm happy or sad that it got put away but laura 's reaction was worth it alone .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
my mom thinks its a phase and i 'm sinning and that i should let god handle it but im gay .
i havent even come out to my dad god knows what he will do he supports trump and lgbt hate
yeah i was just reading about it a bit ago so added that edit about it..it 's definitely nothing but a slick pr move which he really undermined by giving two middle fingers as he walked in lol if he thought it was a medical issue he would n't have waited until being globally skewered
i dunno if this will help but i try to address myself like i 'm talking to another person .
essentially that means holding myself to the standard i hold others to which is far fairer than the standard i hold myself to .
it 's also possible you disregard your accomplishments because they do n't mean much to you ... are you pursuing goals you care about ?
3 notes per string theory and learning the modes has helped me a fair bit .
to speak the way you do towards another person says nothing but how much of a coward you are .
it was a close margin i 'm going to demand a do-over '' of course bloody not
farage had said that he was '' going to demand a do over but it gets worse .
he had declared he was not going to accept a remain outcome even before the vote took place .
all of his talk of the will of the people '' is utter utter bullshit .
he only cared if they voted the way he wanted them to .
if he did he would respect a remain outcome .
to make it quick he is a man beyond contempt .
though i suppose you 'd have to squeeze that into your already packed rotation .
you gon na come up with more primary school insults ?
regular is about 15-20 similar ones on amazon go for about that much .
if you like the combat system here you will probs like it in the last remnant its similar turn based combat with squad based with 1-5 squads and each squad having 1-5 guys .
also much stronger story and around 40-50h playtime i think
so i guess this is what is confusing about all of this .
in d1 you could grind for the whole ib week and still not having full armour set .
arguably you could buy the weapons on rotation that week or the piece of armour being sold that week after which you would have to wait till the next iron banner .
now in d2 you can get the full iron banner set with enough tokens should your rng roll correctly .
they took away the buying rotation weapon/armour and gave everyone a chance at the full set straight off .
does the community prefer d1 or do we prefer d2 ?
because i 'm not sure what the issue here is .
lol some guy whispered me after a random bg to tell me that i do n't have as many achievements as him and i should kill myself cus i suck at wow .
delay science classes are the worse classes for all-nighters/cramming .
it would be great to get some local eso players in a group .
try imgur upload it 's pretty easy to do then you can just copy the link over .
steak with a white wine creamy mushroom sauce and some tenderstem broccoli broccolini if you 're american .
steak is quick and easy to cook and always impresses .
if not do you have a slow cooker or pressure cooker ?
i feel like i did n't read the same book as everyone else .
to me the sex scenes were constant and graphic and almost always creepy .
they read like an old man 's sex fantasies .
what was portrayed as seductive seemed to me like coerced rape and the general theme was of men dominating women and women either enjoying being dominated or pretending to in order to manipulate the man .
most of the men are violent and incredibly arrogant egotistical and entitled .
so in my opinion no it does n't present a healthy view of the world or of relationships and i think that makes it inappropriate for an adolescent who is still forming their views of the world and relationships .
so you wan na do a shitty build just to use shittier items ?
how do you do force close trick to fully reset a trial battle ?
i know how to do force close but i do n't know when you should do it such as before enemy starts their turn or before player does any action ?
find it odd that the previous motherboard supported ecc memory whereas this does n't and there 's no 10g ethernet switch or wireless ad have a look here https www.scan.co.uk/products/asrock-x299e-itx-ac-intel-x299-s-2066-ddr4-so-dimm-sata3-triple-m2-dual-gbe-ac-wifi-usb-31-gen2-aplu it says 23rd of october
and the deference refused to tradition to antiquity to authority is given at once and wholly with infinite thoughtlessness to the notions of some writer or other to one of those prophets of the hour who trumpet the vague phrases progress evolution broad-mindedness and dogmatic awakening .
and it seems to me that good sense and dignity require from us not only an attitude of reserve but above all a spirit of tranquil resistance and conservatism .
conservation is the very instinct of life a disposition essential for existence .
we shall be truly progressive if we hold fast to this spirit for there is no progress for a living organism which does not preserve continuity with its past .
even if she is no one is used to playing with working around a defense sombra so they 'll usually refuse to even attempt it
how do you do force close trick to fully reset a trial battle ?
i know how to do force close but i do n't know when you should do it such as before enemy starts their turn or before player does any action ?
the first half was pretty funny but then it all went downhill .
wait but dice said in the announcement that you could earn them by playing .
if it 's anything like overwatch it wo n't take long to get 30 of them .
yes i agree why does no one stop at the crosswalks to let people cross ?
i 'll stop and four or five cars will go by from the other direction until someone finally stops .
oh and the speed limit is 25 but no one seems to pay attention to that either .
katsoo asiaa minkä tahansa väriset lasit päässä niin leninilla oli iso rooli suomen itsenäistymisessä ollessaan ensimmäinen suomen itsenäisyyden tunnustaja .
vaikka motiivi olisi epäilyttävä niin silti tämä ei muutu .
lenin on osa historiaamme enkä ymmärrä miksi se siivota pois näkyvistä .
you can set one off to win a battle without causing wwiii .
if you ca n't see anything bad on the pixel screen than there is nothing you should worry about .
is n't that the point of this whole stuff ?
or are you trying to push the limits as far as possible find something and then bitch about it ?
i 've already had the first it job but it was part time and i got laid off 6 months into it budget cuts .
i finished my associates apply for that level it jobs and now i 'm overqualified for regular joe retail and labor jobs .
two and a half months of unemployment i 'm literally broke and all i got is an endless string of generic rejection letters .
i think he rolled made the barbarian roll for what he would turn into .
all i got was a shitload of candy crush saga
i reserve my greatest hate for buckeyes who to go that school .
what 's worse when was the last non-ohio heisman winner that school had ?
parks and recreation was a bit too over the top goofy for me and the writing was more slapstick comedy .
the office had characters types that a lot of people have probably worked with where parks had almost cartoonish characters .
sigurd i have failed you because the dancers banner but i still have more than 100 orbs for you just ... come home .
i do n't drink anything carbonated but she loves this stuff .
yeah sadly they most likely are n't gon na make another season because the manga ended go read it and this reddit is kinda dead but ... congrats d
op 's initial rejection most like was n't about income anyways .
the timer on jack 's power is bugged just like joy aladdin and scrooge b4 ..
hmm i 'm unsure what would be best then enabling it increases performance but decreases my max frequency overclock to 3.9 from 3.975ghz .
imagine if the genders were reversed and a woman strung along a guy who wanted kids note the guy did not do that but that 's how r/relationships is taking it .
now imagine that dude vandalized the woman 's car years later made fake twitter accounts to smear her threatened her job etc. like this woman has done .
well that 's okay because she has a right to be pissed.
lem me just pass the phone to him ... ''
basically it 's two ultra-rare items that are considered some of the best item of the game if not the best .
get the shiny stone from the little girl 's shop in mole town .
be ready to have your ass handed to you though because he has more hp than both of smithy 's forms combined .
iirc magic was introduced early on in the manga puck and the magical healing powers of pixie-dust .
pixie-dust was also used on guts in the golden age arc .
volkswagen '' in germany originally had the meaning of a cheap car which is affordable for everyone '' .
well actually i 'm in that stage also as far as feelings go .
i meant like for some odd reason i would n't mind my girl punching me inside the bedroom or not .
just makes me realize i need to do something with my life pronto .
if you missed out on the kickstarter it 's been made pretty clear you 're waiting for wave 1 fulfilment to at least be underway before they move on to letting anyone else have their turn .
they 've probably been pretty busy ensuring all of this goes as smoothly as it can so time to sit back and take stock of what they 've got left will probably happen in a little while once everything 's out of their hands and in the care of those doing the shipping .
poots has been pretty solid about his primary obligation being to the backers first and then after that come the ones who scored gencon copies with 1.5 preorders and after that it 'll probably be open season on the main site .
the fox marvel movies are the reason the mcu is the way it is .
richard donner and lauren shuler donner hired kevin feige and he worked under bryan singer on the original x-men .
feige has kept singer 's tradition of showing the entire cast the original superman film before filming for the mcu .
300kms is nothing for a maruti if you 've been keeping up with maintenance .
op just stay hydrated and avoid regular water at shady dhabas but avoid bottled water at any place that seems even remotely hygienic .
highway dhabas especially on the jaipur delhi route have upped their game big time so you dont have to worry .
my first dog that was mine is now a 8 year old male gsd service dog .
we recently rescued a 3year old female gsd who is tiny but a huge cuddle bug .
whenever my friends post on fb that they 're sad or need a friend i invite them over not for me but for my dogs .
most of the time we do n't end up hanging out i just leave them with my fluffbutt and cuddlebitch .
depending on where you live there are some big name gsd rescues that you could volunteer at !
companies in the united states can tell you to fuck off and leave if they want .
not if they are doing so on the basis of being disabled .
if you do n't they can have the police come and trespass you .
you seem like you might be le so you should check with your departments legal office before you end up as part of a civil rights suit .
i often bring up the way i was raised as my starting point i just want to do better .
nothing against my parents they are incredible people to me .
notoriously power hungry and hot intel chip that was pushed out to compete with amd 's athlon 64 .
people called the extreme edition the emergency edition '' .
also there was a severe lack of coverage of prescotts problems and still managed to outsell the faster and more efficient athlon 64 .
also there are two ways of playing this game progressing from a fresh save on island one and trying to get that monarch through to each consecutive island or you can start afresh on a new island of your choosing and progress from there i 'm only at island 3 myself .
progressing through takes way more time but can make starting on the newer islands later in the game easier as supplies get scarcer you bring people/money across from previous islands
the golden god is not taking questions i am the golden god !
yeah true hopefully we can see vertcoin like that pushing up the ranks with its features coming
it 's not always possible to prove guilt right away but letting go of the person who is accused of what he could hide or do bad things worse
i always thought they are some kind of clued on fake nails or something like that .
he does n't really have a track record for being classified as a berserker .
assassin is unlikely.. maybe he could be a lancer but the fact he is a poor saber probably means he 'd be a shit lancer too .
i got shot at in miami a few decades ago .
an informal survey of people on bikes last night 30 no lights 20 one light .
look i do n't care if these people die .
well ok i do but i care more that other road users seeing one bike user be an irresponsible fuckwit enables the possibility of seeing all bike users as irresponsible fuckwits .
any excuse cunts in cars can have for treating us with less care they take it .
it does n't matter that we do n't want to be held responsible for any other person on a bike we 're judged regardless .
the back pole is rubberized you have to get the neso all the way to the other side of the machine and the claw wo n't pick the whole thing up you have to push it bit by bit and you have to use the claw to push the neso down through the poles once you get it to the other side
and yeah i 'm tried the pve stuff ... it 's terrible .
op are nevoie de iubire afectiune si atentie in viata sa .
better to make some do buy sauce and grate away .
totally agree i had so much fun with grfs multiplayer why ca n't it be like that ?
imagine what that kitten is going to be like when it grows up with a cat like that for inspiration !
it 's great when you have cards you really need to level up .
i just bought 40 archers for 400 gold and 20 minipekkas for 2000 .
i would n't though if i had any answers .
if you were in charge of israel would you be okay with letting palestine become a sovereign state elect a terrorist regime to rule it and arm itself to actively engage in its stated mission to annihilate israel ?
the palestinian people will do whatever it takes to annihilate israel and genocide the jews there the only thing they lack is the means .
they do not wish to be incorporated into one state unless they 're given the right to put the jews into the new nation 's concentration camps .
the better solution would be for jordan and egypt to re-take control of the west bank and gaza respectively .
jordan and egypt can liberate the palestinians from their terrible situation at the drop of a hat but they do n't because they could n't give two shits about palestine other than as an anti-israel propaganda tool .
if you reversed the situation and put the palestinians in israel 's situation with the jews in the situation of the palestinians you 'd have gas chambers .
ca n't give a culture like that a sovereign state .
the two sides were progressing towards a solution 25 years ago but now they are both more extremist and less willing to compromise .
its literally one of the most popular games on earth .
i was checking out the comments to see if that guy had finally written anything worth reading .
seems like these guys just want to write about themselves and their ideas .
love this you instantly put a smile on my face .
i was reminded of all those hard mode atheon kills where you 'd wait a couple of secs for the game to tick over and then hand out loot just to see the vex mythoclast going to someone else .
i was always so jealously happy that they got it .
in saying that though it was one of the last weapons i got from vault of glass .
i remember screaming down the mic when i saw i 'd got it .
the other 5 guardians had a good laugh at how happy i was .
but until the fork happend you ca n't withdraw your bt1 .
is there any data on how much of america has been convinced that nazis are left wing ?
and follow the reaction with whoever told you this must be awesome ! ''
nornal orichalcum nodes in pof are n't disabled and at least one rich is n't .
better strikes and all five end games were better !
p2p is archaic at this point for a billion dollar game franchise .
well that was a long ago before soraka and taric updates got ta try it again though .
it 's actually not a 15gb case size but a 15gb extracted data size upper limit .
proof finder ftw if you 're only dealing with small sets of data .
playing as the swiss i singlehandedly conquered italy germany yugoslavia romania and greece .
then i took all my firepower through russia to help take china back from the japanese .
my amy of 200 veterans with tech 3 years ahead of time got wiped out in 6 months .
apart from 3rd and utaware 2 i played the rest of those games when they first released in japanese so i think i know what i 'm talking about when it comes to them .
that utaware scene was censored for the english release and does n't last longer than a minute or two so calling it fetishizing '' is a gross overstatement .
and anyways dismissing an entire game and calling it mindless is pretty silly when you have n't even played it .
here i even made you a shitty example even though it does n't have the galaxy brain https imgur.com/a/9hwp3
if they usually are n't random how do you decide who gets them and who does n't ?
i got my first one a couple weeks ago after playing for a year and a half and a second one just a couple days ago .
has two websites setup trying to make out how terrible new zealand and r/newzealand is .
just another bit of advice if you 're going to change the type of traps in the campaign do n't remove the old ones or at least make sure they 're fairly common .
the rogue invested in having that perception and it 's quite unfair if it becomes useless simply cause the dm never implements it .
it 's like a fighter investing in plate armour then the dm never takes a swipe at him or a wizard investing in the alarm spell so they do n't have to do night rotations anymore but then cancelling all nightime ambushes .
it 's just my personal anecdote but my party have a lot of fun when they prepare for an encounter and neuter it because they covered all the bases .
do n't always need to design an encounter to be challenging design it to be realistic and if it happens to be easier than intended because a char is in their element then that 's fine because they get the fun of showing what makes their character special 😊
i mean i ca n't see how much gold ahead the other team is .
p and if my team denies a surrender or while the vote is up i still continue playing .
that being said i 'd rather surrender and play another game/watch an episode of something/go to bed/jerk off/etc than try to play for 10 more minutes if i feel i have a 5 chance to win .
i 've never really seen any 'obsession with wanting to surrender ' here since the main opinion seems to be 'never surrender you can always win or learn something from a game ' .
in order of worst attitudes towards ff i rank people as
lost teamfight at 15 minutes starts early surrender goes afk/feeds when denied worst
spams ff whenever available because one lane is behind or something that should n't be the worst problem and flames after every no-vote
normal people that surrender sometimes and continue playing most of the time
yeah pc 's are more expensive but you get what you pay for .
you 're right and that increased cost comes with more longevity .
my entire setup including peripherals costs around 3,000 including 400 for a vr headset and can play anything at ultra settings at 60 fps at 4k resolution today .
if i remove the frame rate limiter at 2560x1080 in fallout 4 theres areas where the graphics card is pushing an utterly insane 300 fps .
8 years from now because of how consoles limit required hardware for games that machine is going to simply need me to downgrade my graphics fidelity from ultra to high to keep running at 60 fps .
in order to qualify for preferential treatment under ftas a certain proportion of a product must have been produced in the party to that fta .
currently about 44 of the average british-assembled car is made from uk components .
typically a trade deal requires about 60 or higher .
if uk car manufacturers want to benefit from ftas then they will have to source more components from the uk .
also there 's the eu 's inverted tariffs i.e .
components attracting a higher tariff than the finished good itself .
depending on policy the uk could easily become the transshipment hub it 's perfectly positioned for components/ingredients/raw materials get imported into britain rather than the eu thus avoiding high tariffs get processed into the final product and then get shipped across the channel where it attracts a low or non-existent tariff .
it thus outcompetes companies that export the unfinished goods directly to the customs union .
leaving the customs union could be very very good for uk manufacturing .
so ... adam ellis is only good when his topical content aligns with the popular opinions of redditors ?
he looks like a glitching npc in a video game with a bad physics engine .
zo jammer om te zien dat vaak jonge naïeve mensen alles van media als de correspondent direct over nemen .
my favourite as well also liked the one with the square of hands .
so the homeless guy was walking around with his daughter for the first pic ?
suppose your right actually our wingers are more inside forwards so it would work .
i opened 7 engrams so far and got the helmet legs and arms .
i do n't really care about the weapons but i think i got 3 of them ... do n't know which
i ca n't really complain but i really want to get the cloak before the event ends .
by the way i also used the social phobia inventory spin that i originally edited out because of licensing reasons that are now solved .
i considered trying that too but i wanted something grippy on the outside .
the bottle arrived with a crack in the top and a piece missing and it cut my thumb the first time i used it .
i wanted to make sure that did n't happen again .
i tried shopping tape and it was an abysmal failure .
found a bug could n't irish whip or drag ko to the corner he kept hitting every corner from the front .
could n't hit the helluva kick as there was no way to setup him .
honestly this is something i hope in every mmo .
at least maroo 's bazaar still has use for the other players with trading .
i 'm blanking on what she 's saying right before 特别饿了
although it is relatively good it is far from impressive .
here is the results for your search for these search tags
no results found you may have an invalid tag or all posts for your tags have a score below 25
it is also possible no posts have an explicit rating this bot search for that with this mode .
i would have never thought about recycling broken chests !
by the way i thought that you could only craft while having the crafting '' skill but it seems like it is not necessary .
if you ca n't progress any more try changing your deck .
i worked for a bangladeshi muslim for many years so based on the available stats he was more likely to be sunni than anything else .
he was an avid sun reader for reasons best known to himself .
however he was middle aged and not massively political .
i remember him being much more into cardiff city fc than anything else .
my guess is that he was a tory voter if anything .
if this is anything to do with islamic modesty standards then its probably not his generation of muslims who are responsible but the much more politicised generation that has succeeded him .
the eu has a long history of burning up time on serious problems only to finagle together something at the last moment .
i suspect even a well prepared uk government was always going to have to go to the wire time-wise as the dance the eu does .
my biggest issue about superstar difficulty is poke checking .
if i manage to poke check the puck it goes straight to them .
but they are poke checking with their fucking eyes .
i was in the verizon store the other day looking at the v30 and the s8 .
i really liked the v30 's ios-style '' news page that i found by swiping to the left just like on my iphone .
is there a way to duplicate that news page on the galaxy series ?
for reference there were news articles weather and other widgets like you 'd find on the ios page .
hey so this might be kind of a weird question but i ca n't find any information online about it so i figured i 'd ask here .
if catch a lion fish and throw it in a bucket with my other fish the venomous spines will probably puncture the other fish 's meat .
is the other fish now poisoned or is it safe for human consumption ?
brief background is some traumatic events when i was younger when i already had bdp left me unable to grow close to anyone without cause problems out of thin air .
as a person who has struggled with bpd for the longest time i have gone through what i thought was growth in not lashing out in my relationship with my gf and not causing problems .
what really happened is instead of creating drama or starting stupid arguments which i was so proud of myself for i 've just become a person who chooses other behavior that 's less noticable .
i slowly matured a habit of gambling quite often .
going to the casino is such a rush for me that i 'm not interested in stirring anything up at home when i do go home .
make note i 'm in a somewhat open relationship but also seeing a prostitute would be a very gray area .
i saw it as a way to relive pressure '' and be able to be calm at home .
since i 've managed my demons '' i 've caught myself finding reasons to drive on the interstate .
and being on the interstate i 've found excuses to be at top speeds .
so the advice i even joined reddit to ask is do you think that if im careful in these things that i do outside my relationship is it worth it to maintain a calm dynamic with my gf ?
service s needed hour long kik session with a fun sweet and passionate dominant woman .
type of seller i 'm looking for age race dom/sub body type etc .
all are welcome please be dominant open minded and enjoy sessions
i am looking to have a searchable directory of different error coins pennies nickels quarters etc .
like you would see on apmex.com or other sites .
it would allow the user to search by date or other keyword etc .
and would bring up information on that coin or similar to the search words .
i have tried a few things and i understand i will probably have to input the coin information as i add to the directory but any help with how to set things up would be great .
i feel like i 've tried everything and my closed comedones will not go away .
i 've tried several months of tretinoin no help .
i tried epiduo and had an awful reaction to it and could n't continue .
i use mad hippie vitamin c serum here 2-3x a week
moisturize with either acure marula oil or first aid beauty ultra repair cream i tried cutting this out for 2 months thinking it was clogging my pores but nothing changed
i use makeup everyday right now tarte amazonian clay foundation and i set my makeup with supergoop spf 50 setting mist
take my makeup off with either clinique take the day off balm or garnier micellar water pink cap
cleanse face with cosrx low ph cleanser or drunk elephant juju bar
i use drunk elephants sukari baby facial 1-2x per week some different clay masks occasionally origins clear improvement aztec clay etc .
i change my pillow case every week and make an effort to talk on the phone using headphones and clean my phone screen .
what can i add or do differently that might help ?
i bought and rented a few 4k hdr movies on google play to test my new chromecast ultra on my samsung ku7000 .
i have it wired directly to my internet router which tested at about 100 download and i 've been trying to watch baby driver .
the movie starts at obvious low quality stays there for a while eventually gets up to what looks like 1080p maybe higher ?
but with no hdr my tv supports hdr 10 .
the weird thing is that it eventually hit one scene where the hdr suddenly came on this was in the middle of a scene the entire color palette changed mid-shot and looked much better .
it quickly went back to sdr though and i could not get it to happen again .
the other thing is that when i stream the movie through youtube on the chromecast instead of google play the movie plays in 4k consistently but without hdr .
i consistently watch 4k hdr content on the netflix and youtube apps built into my tv and even the youtube app on the chromecast shows hdr videos when i cast anything besides my purchased movies .
does anyone know of a way to fix this ?
i thought he was nice or am i just thinking of monta from a few years ago ?
i am trying to see how high crit damage it is possible to stack but i 'm not sure which attachments are the best .
who wants is so that can import custom made characters in the future ?
so i have been playing paladins for a while now and though of some ideas for the next update
add a symbol or icon which pops up when you get a double kill or immortal or kill streak ect instead of plain text like it is in smite .
wall climb for long ranged shooters like sha lin strix and wall run for fast flanks like maeve .
new type of quests like 'get 30 eliminations in a single match ' or 'play with this champion 10 times ' .
changing the rewards of some difficult quests from gold to radiant chest or for a quest like ' win 5 rated matches playing a flank ' a free skin .
well these are just my ideas so feel free to comment about them
we are driving from new orleans to san diego escondido area and we do n't really have any friends to help us move .
woumd anybody be interested in helping us move a few boxes ?
we would be arriving the 18th of this month .
its a huge favor but if its turned down i understand .
getting to do those both at once is like a drug for me .
it may be wrong because i do it half to satisfy my own ego but they get to eat tasty food so it 's all good in my mind .
i also part time in the cooking industry to feed the craving .
i love cooking and making people happy with food !
i currently have a 1 tb hdd that just recently ran out of space .
i still have a few more of these hdd 's .
what im not sure is if it is easy and smart to add another one in raid assuming that i do not want to wipe the current hdd in my system or to just add another 1 tb in the system .
i know the bath tub method seems to be the safest way to go about extracting oil out of a ball .
my question is can i do so with a ball that has turbo switch grips ?
could i then fully submerge the ball inner sleeve and all ?
luna is 2.5 i 've almost had her for a year and she has made great progress with her reactivity towards strangers .
she warmed up to us really fast but she 's my dog he is n't responsible for her .
i have done most of her training but he still takes care of her if i 'm not home .
he walks her and plays tug she wo n't fetch for him either unless i 'm there ?
since we moved in august she tells us she has to go potty but when my boyfriend gets up to take her out she comes to me and lays down practically on top of me submissive .
she just becomes dead weight until one of us tells her to go to her kennel .
we know she has to go so we leave her in her kennel for 15 minutes and then he tries again while i ignore them and he is usually successful by the 2nd or 3rd time .
any suggestions for what we can try to get her to go out on the first try ?
looking at hernan crespo and luis hernandéz 85 versions .
the answer to that question is quite a lot .
so to understand the majesty and complexity of this masterpiece let 's start from the beginning .
and as for the coaster community we had a lot going for ourselves .
to put it simply a wide variety of e ticket attractions were scheduled to dominate the globe in 2018 .
these include rides such as steel vengeance time traveler twisted timbers sw8 icon fly among other noteworthy attractions form big players such as disney and universal .
however in the midst of these stunning announcements sesame place rose to the challenge .
they showed the world that just because other parks are building highly anticipated rides does n't mean they ca n't be one-upped .
out of nowhere a dark horse if you will came out of nowhere .
we found out that sesame place would be adding a new attraction .
many enthusiasts simply brushed off the teaser assuming it would n't pique their interests .
surprising many sesame place revealed their latest masterpiece oscar 's wacky taxi .
we were all blown away by this amazing contraption .
already stunned by this amazing feat everyone gasped as this ride would be created by none other than ...
the gravity group that has earned a firm reputation in crating some of the most mine blowing rides in the industry .
there is one more point i 'd like to mention as to why this ride has cedar point six flags disney universal and the like trembling in fear .
because no ride on earth is on the level of sheer excellence and majesty that oscar 's wacky taxi is on .
in conclusion we can all just stop talking about steel vengeance icon and whatever else ... because the true king of 2018 is oscar 's wacky taxi .
finally got around to reading it but the scanlation i see everwhere is painfully bad .
is the lack of warranty on items bought from the store or from the us in general a big deal ?
do the products actually turn out to be defective in any way ?
should i abstain from getting anything from the amazon global store ?
i 'm offering a na marshadow code to the person who can provide me with a google drive link to download the movie bad genius '' from thailand 2017 .
i have not been able to find it and i truly want to see it .
i 'm looking for soft rock bittersweet but uplifting songs that sound as similar as possible to cherry ghost 's mathematics .
the song has a kind of high school romance feel to it that i dig .
if you listen to the score to the film the holiday '' by hans zimmer you 'll be in pretty much exactly the same vein .
other examples of similar music would be from bands like guster or wilco .
but i would like something with the same beat and same key as mathematics '' specifically .
as the title said i cant play liveshows everything else works alright except when im about to play a song .
the screen goes black and get the unfortunately love live stopped working '' message .
i already uninstalled and reinstalled the app also i thought it was a problem with my phone so i factory reset it and i still cant play .
just a question cause tlou factions gets boring to me sometimes and i have to take a long break just to play it again .
could anyone possibly help me because my destiny 2 crucible and strikes are constantly sitting at 1/3 or 1/8 and evaluating guardians .
i have tried the destiny 2 sub with no luck so was wondering if it 's my internet or what ?
idk what are you doing blizzard but i never had so many 2-3 arenas before i 'm done with this game for this year .
event i 'm looking for an eu marshadow code .
i got two na marshadow codes but ca n't redeem them willing to give both of them for a eu code .
i 'm finding it hard to click the 'submit ' button so i can receive a copy of the report or compilation of what i 've written—or whatever it is .
uncertainty about my trait selections and what i 've written
i find it difficult to say something is finished—committing to a final version—at the best of times anyway i 'm a visual creative and this is always problematic
not knowing if it 's possible in the system to go back edit and request the 'report ' again .
a specific trait/virtue selection i 'm having problems with is this
'have seen my tendency for hard work pay off '
i do n't have a tendency to work hard at the best of times unless it 's a personal project that i love working on—or i literally have to because it 's required by my job/boss/client .
i mean if i get a task to do i 'll work pretty or very hard at it .
sometimes in my job i 'll actually enjoy the project and will work hard on it and that might pay off not always though .
plenty of times my hard work has gone unappreciated or worse the client has ruined what i 've done !
but i do n't feel intrinsically motivated to work hard every day unless i have to or want to .
but it 'd be more accurate if the phrase was
'i have tended to see my occasional hard work pay off '
but maybe that 's not a trait but a circumstance ?
do you think i should strike the trait off my selections ?
certainly not superpowers by a long shot but i just feel different .
like i 'm more aligned with my authentic self .
just met a girl a couple of weeks ago that went through a long history of domestic abuse and has abused drugs like mdma countless times .
she has reported that lsd had an incredible weird effect on her basically she blacked out has the tendency to lie and make up stories and seems overall very unstable .
a friend of mine has recently sold her 2*2.5mg tablets of dextroamphetamine and she reported that she felt extremely stimulated after using these tablets .
im especially quoting the section stimulant psychosis experimental administration of stimulants to schizophrenics
134 reported that even small doses of stimulants that are subpsychotogenic in non-schizophrenic subjects can provoke psychotic symptoms in schizophrenics i.e. schizophrenics are supersensitive to stimulants .
just curious what is the patch cycle for each major patch .
has n't happened to me in a little while .
went to bed really late last night so somehow i managed to remember all of my weird dreams such as being a clown for some event for some reason .
the dream thats been bugging me all day though is the typical dream of me being with someone i 've had feelings for at some point in time .
last night my dream was of someone i was craaaaaazy for someone i wanted to be with so badly that i 'd constantly hope and pray to every god that may or may not exist .
i was in love with this girl simply speaking .
i remember something along the lines of her saying you can hold my hand if you want . ''
that 's all the dream was and it just has been bugging me all day .
i 've somehow managed to not feel completely horrible the last few months but that dream was my breaking point .
and that dream was the one that made me feel so horrible today worse than i have felt in months .
i love dreams sometimes but i also just hate dreams sometimes .
i hate that every time i manage to forget the face of a crush or someone i had feelings for somehow later on in a dream every detail of their face is there .
can some one be helpful and tell me what traits the different tribes give to the forts ?
wondering what tribe i should put as overlord was thinking marauder .
this build is my own creations and a little close to my heart only because its been a running themed character throughout the dark souls series .
ever since ds1 's dlc i 've always favored the dark sorceries .
also i picked sorcerer when first playing dark souls yes i was a filthy casual for it lol for the first time and have always been a big fan of mage style characters in video games .
this build was my first character in ds3 and modified through each dlc .
if you have any cosplay requests or build feel free to ask in the comments .
stupid idea but you should all meet up and take a massive group picture .
butterfly tt tiger tooth fn 0.01 https s.metjm.net/z34h9na.jpg b/o 165 négo accept items too
recently i 've seen a lot of self-improvement channels on youtube post animated book summaries on all kinds of books and i was just wondering what 's the point of that ?
i do n't think that someone can get the same amount of self-help from a short video as from reading the whole book .
using my body as a guinea pig ... interested in the use of water fasting for wellness .
been doing a 24 hour fast once a week with if every day .
currently upped the game and am 56 hours in to an indefinite fast .
energy levels are great still running each day and working 12hr shifts in the er .
i am taking a multivitamin daily as well as salt/broth as needed .
have n't weighed myself do n't really care to .
i have been in a great mood thus far and aside from acute hunger pains once in a while this has been remarkably easy .
bp has lowered resting hr lowered and i sweat a lot less than usual .
not sure when i 'll break the fast that 's up to when my body says to stop .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
cousin wants to play all the games its his first build and hes 11 so once he gets a decent frame rate at a decent resolution he will be happy .
500 for tower and components could go a little more if needs be i have a monitor mouse and keyboard i can give him .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
this is my starting point but i 'm going to assume amd is the route to go on both processor and gpu its been a few years since my own build
he 's a kid so ill get some cool led strips and the likes for him d
please tell me if i fucked up first time uploading on imgur
i was on chrome and suddenly i receive two notifications .
i usually only get them when downloading and since i was n't doing any of it i checked what it was .
so i see two notifications from hostedfiles.net '' telling to click to get my prize '' .
from time to time i receive those kind of messages on chrome but that 's when i 'm on shady '' websites and they 're always as pop ups not push notifications .
edit oh yeah one of them was from dudemobile.net '' or something like that sorry .
is this a recent scam or is there something wrong with my phone right now ?
i 'm writing a thesis on collaboration of music production online .
if anyone has 5 minutes 10 absolute max spare could you please complete this splice questionnaire ?
it 's simply clicking/ticking boxes ... no hard typing stuff
this sunday austrians will elect their parliament the so called nationalrat national council .
this gives us the oppertunity to teach r/europe a bit about austrian politics .
this post is a collaboration of several r/austria-users from the sub and our discord server https discord.gg/u9bjvkb
after the spö-övp red-black more information about the parties later coalition failed over the summer an early election became neccessary .
they coalition would have had another year in office left .
with this election we 're electing the 183 seats of the austrian parliament .
in austria it 's common practice to call parties by their color .
since kurz changed the traditional color of his party this might change though .
without faction mostly from the former party team stronach 14
with the exception of team stronach all parties will run again .
due to the pullback of team stronach list 5 will be empty .
here a picture of the ballot from vienna https i.imgur.com/ufnnu9d.jpg some parties only run in some states not country-wide .
we 're using a mix of party election and personal election vorzugsstimmen with a fixed number of seats and a mixture of 'seat based ' and d'hondt-system based distribution of the votes .
spö sozialdemokratische partei östereichs social democratic party of austria https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democratic_party_of_austria red with frontrunner christian kern https i.imgur.com/qhdqbvb.jpg .
kern became chancellor last year after werner faymann resigned due to their horrible result in the presidential election .
kern was ceo of the öbb austrian railways before the switch .
traditional 'workers party ' member of the s d faction in the european parliament .
övp list sebastian kurz the new people 's party old name austrian people 's party https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_people 27s_party formerly black now cyan with frontrunner sebastian kurz https i.imgur.com/rir1uqa.jpg .
kurz took over the party this summer after the former head of the party and vice chancellor mitterlehner resigned more on that later .
traditional farmers and business party moved to the right under kurz .
fpö freiheitliche partei österreichs freedom party of austria https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_party_of_austria blue with frontrunner hc heinz-christian strache https i.imgur.com/rhmo3ew.jpg .
after they nearly won the presidential election last year they 're uncommonly calm and silent during this election cycle .
die grünen die grüne alternative the greens the green alternative https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_greens e2 80 93_the_green_alternative green with frontrunner ulrike lunacek https i.imgur.com/pqfr0hy.jpg .
after the former frontrunner eva glawischnig resigned lunacek was sent to vienna as the new frontrunner but not as chairwoman .
lunacek was one of the eu-parliament 's vice president .
neos das neue österreich gemeinsam mit irmgard griss bürgerinnen und bürger für freiheit und verantwortung neos the new austria together with irmgard griss citizens for freedom and responsibility https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neos e2 80 93_the_new_austria_and_liberal_forum pink with frontrunner matthias strolz https i.imgur.com/ekbfdzy.jpg the pinks .
neo-liberal party that is campaigning with the former presidential candidate irmgard griss .
pilz liste peter pilz list peter pilz https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_pilz 'transparent ' white in practice with frontrunner peter pilz https imgur.com/knbuztx .
he was a cofounder of the greens and created a new party because he was not voted into this year 's list by his party .
law and order left-wing populist not in any faction .
kpö kommunistische partei österreichs und plattform plus offene liste communist party of austria and platform plus open list https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_austria deep red with frontrunner mirko messner https i.imgur.com/y433pte.jpg .
alliance of the traditional communist party and a frontrunner of the young greens .
g ! lt liste roland düringer meine stimme gilt list roland düringer my vote counts https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roland_d c3 bcringer white without any frontrunner .
'art project ' of roland düringer https i.imgur.com/r98ye7o.jpg a comedian .
the frontrunner who was chosen by lottery resigned after it became known that he shared conspiracy theories about the 'elders of zion ' on his website .
flö freie liste österreich fps liste dr. karl schnell free list of austria fps list dr. karl schnell https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_party_salzburg royal blue with frontrunner karl schnell https i.imgur.com/lxiwwjx.jpg .
splinter party of the fpö that spawned out the fpö in salzburg .
another candidate is barbara rosenkranz an extreme right who was running for presidency in 2010 .
die volksbewegung the whites power emanates from the people .
everybody decides in austria white with frontrunner isabella heydarfadai .
former team stronach mps signed a statement of support for this party .
they see themselves as a movement and not as a party and support direct democracy .
für österreich zuwanderungsstopp grenzschutz neutralität eu-austritt euaus in wien for austria stop of immigration border controll neutrality and exit from the eu .
männerpartei für ein faires miteinander men 's party for a fair togetherness m .
neue bewegung für die zukunft new movement for the future nbz .
chancellor werner faymann spö resigned due to the very bad result in the presidential election in 2016 .
already at that time some voices were asking for an early election .
this did not happen and the öbb austrian railways ceo christian kern took over the party and the chancellorship .
kern tried to 'reboot the coaltion ' by presenting a new 'plan a for austria ' .
a redefinition of the goals for the current government .
this change was well received by the population and the spö and the övp regained some strengh in polls and public opionion .
about a year later in 2017 the vice chancellor reinhold mitterlehner resigned as well after a combination of several factors .
he was voted into the government in 2013 as minister of economics but took over the vice-chancellorship in 2014 after the last vice chancellor resigned .
the övp then suffered a similar destroying loss at the presidential election in 2016 and kurz was pushing more and more to the top .
mitterlehner was pushed into a position of the 'placeholder ' before kurz could take over the party at the next election .
after the death of his daughter and an off-lip comment by the orf austrian broadcasting corporation he had enough and resigned .
kurz then took over the party under the following conditions
full say on the candidates list normally this is partially dictated by regional parties and in-party interest groups
after that but before the formal declaration of the end of the coalition the spö announced that they will break the contract and work with 'floating partnerships ' .
that 's why both parties more or less say that the other party broke the coalition and forced the election .
both spö and övp agreed not to use dirty campaigning tactics .
after the spö consultant tal silberstein was arrested in israel for tax evasion many details about dirty campaigning were revealed .
silberstein says that he autonomously created facebook pages called translated 'we for sebastian kurz ' 'the truth about sebastian kurz ' and 'the truth about christian kern ' to damage the övp .
some say these pages were meant to pin the blame on the fpö .
one of silberstein 's employees says that he was offered € 100,000 by the övp for spö inside information
the fpö did not produce any rap songs or over the top campaign posters
neos did an ama https www.reddit.com/r/austria/comments/6xz6dk/hey_reddit_ich_bin_claudia_gamon ? utm_content=comments utm_medium=front utm_source=reddit utm_name=austria at r/austria
düringer dumped manure in front of the parliament to represent the dirty campaigning under the motto 'if we 're doing dirty campaining let 's do it right ! '
there were a lot of tv discussions much more than usual .
tarek leitner a tv show host of orf came into hot water before his interview with kern because they were on holidays together a few years ago before kern was chancellor .
this was the last time leitner met kern in this election campaign
there 's a high amount of newcomers in the liste sebastian kurz .
a collection of polls can be found here https neuwal.com/wahlumfragen/index.php ? cid=0
as you can see in the polls the övp is most likely to win .
there are 3 possible coalitions according to current polls övp-fpö övp-spö spö-fpö .
the first exit polls will be released on sunday 5pm and the first projections will be released at 5.30pm
what are the most realistic coalitions which are n't possible ?
kern made clear that he do n't wants to continue as a junior partner and that the party would go into opposition .
the spö is internally split in the question if they should work with the fpö
the fpö would work with both of them and will probably end up as junior partner under kurz
from the smaller parties it 's an close race between neos greens pilz .
kpö weiße and gilt will probably not get the needed 4
the name 'dirndl-koalition ' was coined for a rather unrealistic övp-greens-neos coalition .
they are obviously german but might make for a fun experience to watch anyways .
he is correct https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zqsjkiouele he is sebastian kurz ' predecessor mitterlehner
and a bunch of other stuff on their youtube channel https www.youtube.com/channel/ucxgailpumnekfm5m5p7dpiq/videos
politic has stance this is green https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wrzbmojjkai
politics is no one night stand https www.facebook.com/kpoeplus/videos/908160802672280 facebook warning !
kurt razelli is an austrian video artist who makes music out of trash tv this includes speeches in the parliament .
lost in space featuring strolz neos https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=daeu74unz1a
xxxlutz a large furniture retailer made a special election song as well https youtu.be/jy6an0o4jke .
making fun of the politicians saying that all of them want as many as xxxlutz gives out .
feel free to use this thread to ask us more question or give your own speculations .
if you want to you can also visit our temporary english speaking election channel on our discord https discord.gg/u9bjvkb .
thanks to all contributors to this thread so far !
just a general question regarding the rationale behind putting cards like doctor and those exalt cards in such low level easy maps while t15/16s ' rewards pale in comparison .
abyss is the only one that even comes close .
edit a lot of these comments are pointing out that there are in fact some valuable drops in t15/16s sure of course but the point is lower tier maps are just better which is why whenever someone wants to farm serious currency they all flock to spider forest/vault .
i think those two maps are simply way too dominant .
hey guys so i 'm trying to put together a build for a friend of mine for a christmas present so he can play games on a desktop and not suffer on his old laptop .
it 's not going to be an overkill build looking at a ryzen 3 1200 and a 1050 ti .
he 's mostly going to play stardew valley overwatch enter the gungeon etc etc .
is there a place where i could pick up some cheaper or even free stuff like ram sticks or small 64gb ssds ?
i 'm thinking about picking up an older pentium cpu so i can toss in one of my 8gb sticks of ram to save costs there too as an option .
we already have a psu and a hard drive secured .
would you guys know a good place to score some older pc stuff ?
trying to stay away from ebay and craigslist for obvious reasons of old mining gpus and whatnot .
so i got accepted into just dentistry this year but i fucked up and decided to go study aborad and take a one year language course to study medicine instead anyways my question is can i apply to just again next year and what 's the chance of me getting accepted ?
and if i do get accepted can i skip the first year or do i have to do the whole 6 years ?
my original invitation was sent around a month ago and have expired on 19/9 so i guess it 's too late to go back this year .
last few days in greece there was a confiscation wave on everything regarding vaping sold from eastern shops fasttech/aliexpress/gearbest you name it no confirmation yet on inter-eu problems as of yet .
does n't matter if it was shipped through a shops eu warehouse or straight from asia they all stopped at customs .
there were packages with only wires/cotton mods atties even empty pet bottles and if you had other products along with any vaping equipment they would be confiscated as well .
not sure how relevant this topic is just a shout out
you name it ... any kid friendly eateries we were there ! ! !
does anyone remember an ios game where you 're a little sock monkey and you 're swinging around collecting little stars ?
i ca n't remember what it 's called and for some reason it 's killing me .
the homeport will be undergoing a 2.5h maintenance from 09:00 to 11:30 on 16th oct further notice on schedule change .
you will not be able to enter the server during the maintenance so please be prepared .
core exchange '' there will be a shop where cores can be exchanged for items .
the shop will reset on the 1st of each month .
new core drop locations cores will be dropped after boss clear
new obtain cores '' event core drops will be tripled from 16th oct after maintenance to 26th oct
added a faster loadout-change mechanism where you will be able to change loadout on the details screen faster
improved management of equipment after retiring and upgrading of ships
added firepower stat on twin 134mm and slightly modified its anti-air stat
fixed the occasional crash bug during the commission stage of the tutorial
fixed the occasional ship icon bug in the rankings screen
players who registered in the game prior to 17 oct 16:00
hammer strike is actually just like melting point from d1 .
you would not know this from the terrible description which is just weakens enemies '' .
it provides a 50 damage buff against the enemy it hits for the duration .
note there is some incorrect info in the video about twther so just pay attention to the part about hammer strike .
video of exodus crash prestige nightfall boss getting wrecked by hammer strike nighthawk and nova bomb https youtu.be/7sjxetpqt_0 ? t=580
it does not stack with tether just like in d1 .
hammer strike does not work on calus unfortunately because you ca n't melee calus from a plate .
hammer strike works both with abilities and guns unlike empowering rift which only works on guns .
you must be sprinting to activate hammer strike which can make it harder to execute than a normal melee .
this info comes mainly from u/3nippledman post on r/vanguardseekers new pve subreddit
edit shadowshot does buff energy and kinetic damage against strike bosses but not calus .
ok so this has been a bit of an issue prob since game came out and i thought it needs a spot light again .
this is really irritating being in a raid where you need to time the overlap of p-blast and it just wont fire no matter how many times you click on it .
so i am not sure if this is class specific if it is skill specific or skill slot specific but i am sure all of us want this fixed so please report with which class you are what skill slot seems to get hung up the most and what skills seem to get hung up the most .
skill slots skill slot 3 4 seems to get bugged the most but sometimes the others as well 3 and 4 is the most frequent .
these skills seem to be the ones that get hung up the most for me .
1.skill wo n't fire you can push it all you want just wo n't fire .
sometimes it says it is on cool down even tho it is not on cool down .
sometimes it does n't say anything it just wo n't fire .
sometimes if you just keep clicking it it eventually works .
sometimes you have to move a certain distance and it eventually works .
sometimes you have to cast other skills before it eventually works .
and yes this is with line of sight of target in case people are wondering that is not the issue here .
if you have these issue please post a similar bug list this way maybe they can figure out what is actually causing the problem and fix it .
i 'm working on a couple recipes this week that involve pork belly .
i want to let it dry for 8 hours or so before cooking but i live in a small nyc studio without a ton of counter space .
i was thinking of placing it on a wire rack on a sheet pan and stashing it in the oven but there 's not a ton of air circulation in there .
is my best bet to bite the bullet and set it out on the counter with a small fan ?
george groves vs jamie cox live stream and tv channel how to
george groves vs jamie cox fight live roundbyround updates from
two english boxers will fight for the chance to face chris eubank jr in the next round of the tournament
groves vs cox live stream how to watch george groves fight jamie
george groves will defend his wba supermiddleweight championship for the first time against jamie cox tonight
watch 4k streams george groves vs jamie cox fight live stream free ppv watch online tv coverage 14 oct 2017 on livestreamcom
watch 4kultrahds liveespn*george groves vs jamie cox live stream boxing watch fight online web tv saturday 14 october 2017 on
george groves vs jamie cox live boxing online tv groves vs cox live stream how to watch george groves fight jamie cox online and on tv box office
watch george groves against jamie cox live on itv box office in the
read watch george groves against jamie cox live on itv box office in the you can watch the fight this saturday live on itv box office sky
i 'm in a need of a cheap prepaid sim card with mobile data so i checked out local stores and found basically two options
do i need to refill them after purchase or do they automatically come with x '' amount of calls sms data ?
i 'm trying to figure out how much in the end i need to pay and if there are any hidden costs..
please do n't discuss if my phone is compatible or just order online '' .
i 'm flying tomorrow to slc so need some connectivity once i land .
here is a picture https imgur.com/a/innkv they do n't seem to line up with what i can find online .
hashtags and following a private user would be the only way yo engage them right ?
i have a page that is growing especially when i engage comment or like other accounts .
however there are a large number of private users that i have not been able to interact with that are interested in similar content that my page provides .
outside of following then unfollowing which i 'd rather not do is there any ways i can attract those users ?
probably ignore the biker phase and well most of the character 's actual history .
what i 'm talking about is starting a movie franchise based around the original concept
a sociopathic child that grows up to be a sociopathic adult involved in cult-ish behaviors .
one of the members of that cult is his uncle paul oh yes who manipulates him .
it would fit perfectly into the vein of 80 's horror flicks with a slow moving unstoppable monster see dragging the casket while jake beats him with a chair to no effect stalking a victim while being vaguely supernaturally powered .
there 's a built in twist/spin off/sequel with kane thrown in as well .
but horror movies come with a built in audience and can be done on a low budget .
check out the new friday the 13th fan film on youtube never hike alone .
i 'm not suggesting that they cast mark callaway either .
just use the original concept of the character to do something fun .
i was checking out some of the new expansion pack items and i had this nugget of an idea
you have to keep door stop so you can use smelter if you would like
you have to successfully earn the drop from death 's list or else you have to exit the room and enter it again .
if you ca n't complete it within 4 tries then damage yourself and move on .
if you complete the room without earning the death 's list item then damage yourself twice and move on .
i was thinking of trying a new lube and i read on the yes website that they recommend using their water based lube on top of their oil based lube for vaginismus .
i 've never tried their brand before but i decided to put coconut oil on my dialtor first and then add my water-based slippery stuff lube gel .
i 've been using both of those independently before .
i 'd been having a lot more pain removing the dilators than inserting them with only wb lube .
i generally find coconut oil to last longer but i like how lubricated the slippery stuff gel feels .
anyhow this technique seems to be working really well so far for me since it gives me the best of both worlds in case anyone else wants to give it a try !
my mother-in-law is here for a week to help out with the kids while my husband is recovering from surgery .
but she wo n't get off her damn phone long enough to do anything helpful .
i told her our routine and the things my husband usually does with the kids so it 's not like she does n't know .
i previously explained to her that the two big things my husband does are a take the baby for an hour or so in the morning so i can actually get some rest and b he rocks the toddler to sleep for bed .
last night she just gave up after two minutes of rocking the toddler and sat there on her phone while the toddler ran rampant until my husband had to get her .
and this morning she practically ignored us and went to get a shower instead of helping with the baby .
in the only bathroom that 's also where the changing table is .
and when she does hold the baby she just lets him chew on her fingers with fingernail polish .
we are a community discord heavily influenced by league of legends but we also dip into all areas of gaming .
this server is a place for like-minded gamers to come and find others who are interested in discussing or playing league of legends and other affiliated games .
here in valoran 's guardians we try to keep toxicity/flaming at a mininum but we do encourage friendly banter .
other than just gaming we offer a series of other events for our members to come together and engage in .
we host lotteries movie nights tournaments server inhouses karaoke trivia contests and a plethora of other enjoyable activities .
if you 'd like to join and participate in our tournament today !
they are really hot right now and their prices are as low as i can find them including shipping .
they have 99.1 positive feedback but also have over 1000 negative feedback .
tried skimming through them and there were one or two saying product did n't last very long and stuff but not sure if those are reliable fragrance connoisseurs .
i know there are a lot of mixed reviews but i found it to be a terrific blend of camp body horror and practical effects .
i really enjoyed the ambiguity of the story though i can also see why some people did n't .
the best way i could describe it is a mix between hellraiser '' and the thing '' i 'd recommend it .
i 've seen a lot of people running around like chickens with their heads cut off so i thought i would throw this out there .
i know there are a lot of people in ib this week that do n't usually play crucible .
your team will do much better and you 'll get more tokens !
if you focus on capturing and defending 2 flags instead of trying to cap all 3 .
capping 3 over extends your team especially in 4v4 and makes the spawns inconsistent .
no one likes getting shot in the back from a freshly spawned enemy capping only 2 points can help that .
also bungie has terrible matchmaking when it comes to putting solos against teams it 's truly horrific .
in d2 i find it better to be in the wrong position with your team than in the right position alone .
finally got around to uploading some solo tier 3 raid gameplay .
i 've done machamp solos along with arcanine and gengar multiple times .
vaporeon and alakazam is the first and only successful tries for now till i reattempt .
constructive criticism always accepted of course and good luck with your go journeys and trying to solo your own raid bosses .
just click the time to watch from that point specific boss
i thought about being life and giving away lemons https i.pinimg.com/originals/34/d1/1e/34d11ec6332bd33f1ed940aaced32e78.jpg .
but it 's all the internet so i have a feeling it 's not as unique or original as i thought .
i thought about being a basic bitch https i.pinimg.com/originals/a2/e3/25/a2e325ac3a6a2ce1fde233621990d902.jpg but then i decided after reading a comment about it it kinda is social homogenization spun around into casual misogyny .
i might try the snapchat filter https galoremag.com/wp-content/uploads/dump/snapchat_filter_costumes_galore.jpg but i do n't think my make up skills are good enough to pull it off .
i think these are features in monera as well .
can we include information about mobile '' and why the lite version of cryptonight is important ?
i know last weeks was is week 2 as well ?
my city is having its chalk it up event today and has closed off three blocks downtown .
one of those has a starbucks on the corner .
when i walked by omw to work the event had n't officially started but there were already tons of people setting up .
the subway a few stores down that 's normally quiet at 9:30 am was also pretty packed .
baristas shift leads good luck and may you contend with as few gertrudes and little general customer stupidity as possible .
wandering minstrel comes to visit him as an untargetable field npc .
i slammed my screenshot button so rapidly but i did n't manage to catch a frame with him he had walked away by the time the image went through .
if you 've seen him before give me a shout !
anyone else in tampa going out to watch the game ?
i 'm not sure why but i am looking for some encouragement to go out for the game tonight .
i realize i could be publicly shamed if we continue to struggle but i feel like publicly supporting the team is good for the culture '' .
i promise to represent us in a classy manner as well .
back in the day before the internet you picked out a game by looking at the screenshots on the back of the game case.. ಠ_ಠ
that is an act of antisemitism that he committed .
happened to me as well so they left a hefty 401k withdrawal check under my soaking wet doormat in the pouring rain even though the package requested it be signed for .
almost ruined the check which would 've put me up shits creek bad .
i had just started peeing and yelled hold on please '' rather loudly .
no more than 20 seconds later i opened the door and not only had he walked to the truck already he had also completely driven away .
i just want a bowie knife so i can make crocodile dundee jokes when i shiv people
i do n't need any guarantees '' because i 'm a human and i know what the word tail means ..
for me that 's exactly the reasoning for the opposite .
you may be a great programmer but that wo n't prevent you from making that mistake .
e.g. the list is empty and you use tail because for some reason you asserted it is non-empty .
look at that no type system but all those simple little names gave me way more useful information than any of the mathematically interesting but programmer boring properties you derived from the type signature .
it 's not that you have to decide between one or the other .
that you find those properties boring says nothing about whether they are useless or not .
penn of penn teller named his daughter moxie crimefighter .
since the bears used a boatload of picks to move up one spot i 'd take nothing less than all of the 2018 and 2019 picks yall own
monreal is 0.4m cheaper and i hear davies may be rotated when rose returns shortly ?
i 'm up for some sunset overdrive online achievements whenever you are available .
i love 2gg and what they did for smash4 but i think you 're absolutely right .
i wish there would be some kind of way to include other regions like europe and japan more .
the tournaments in europe are mostly small or rare viewerships are bad and we do n't have many top players around here .
and whenever some top player attends like mr.r we know who will win this event from the very beginning .
i 'd love some kind of worldwide circuit but i guess that 's what the pgr is for .
every tournament can become a s-tier-tournament that counts into the rating right ?
as a canadian i do n't care that much .
i do enjoy watching the teams in florida and texas .
they are the football hotbeds that seem to produce a crazy amount of nfl talent .
i mostly look for high ranked matchups and highly touted draft talent .
like qbs in a year when i hope we draft one .
induction is used because it continues to return good results .
and this reasoning presupposes induction that 's the point .
what would be a nother way to accurately sum up what you said ?
no everything that evolves in one direction is a slippery slope and definitely not everything is a fallacy .
so far the censorship and outrage only grew and your argument is that going forward the people complaining will be not take seriously '' and extremely rare '' but why what would change do you have a source to support your claim ?
because mine is for example that since games have higher budgets they need to grow their audience to break even they need to cater to more and more extremes .
this looks a bit like conventional technique in a sumo stance something most people put down .
they are good when their enemies are not adequately prepared for them
the 4th division basically held the country in the early days .
if they did n't exist syria would have fallen to the rebels .
they were moved from north to south every month to do things the regular saa were incapable of due to desertion and erosion .
of course this really hurt the integrity of the 4th division but ever still they have extremely capable combat units .
so work it out on manageable bpm say 60 move to the next excercise finish the book and then make your practice routine where you increase the bpm daily ?
i was prepared to do the same but ended up using all of 50 weapon parts my condolences
at least you have a ton of legendary mods d
top laners are supposed to sustain and farm forever .
bot lane is supposed to get lots of farm on the adc and get really expensive items .
mid lane is meant to snowball and gain huge level and gold advantages to carry the mid game .
you will most likely not snowball vs any competent mid laner and against any competent mid laner you will be shoved in and outroamed by most of them .
it 's fun and i 've had success with it in low elo but it 's not something i would try in a ranked game on my main account .
yoga is physically demanding just because we associate it with women does n't mean it 's soft '' .
rickson gracie did it to better his grappling game .
the most impressive thing to me is that evans played almost the entire 48 minute game without having any turnovers .
he was pretty energetic and while not the best defender he certainly is putting in effort on that end .
it would be really disappointing if grrm compresses what could easily be 3 books into 2 but it seems like the only conceivable explanation for the massive delay in this point .
can get airpoints without fees amex airnz card however i do n't qualify for it so using asb visa light right now .
would be cool if they had student schemes with no fees and airpoints some banks in america do that with some other cash back system .
apart from you know working and making the company money .
i quit my plvl 432 global account because of my tremendous bad luck and since 3 weeks i am playing japan .
i am so happy right now i never thought this could happen .
take out those h 's and you would have spelled it correctly .
but agreed he 's always got a scam or two running .
was making a play on this lovely piece https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dl3hrwg3a3w feature=push-u attr_tag=tqwvoopxydpcz39i-6
the great soviet nation which will not meddle with your internal affairs and which supports a free and independent finland .
this might fly in the democratic people 's republic of north korea .
he uploads dozens of videos every week all of which are low effort though still wildly entertaining .
idk why i ca n't wrap my head around that
if you want heart pounding action check it out !
outside in the open air in the uk it 's fine although you are legally supposed to be at least 2m from any building .
smoking indoors is banned and the definition of a building is a structure with 3 or more walls and a roof .
so technically smoking in a bus shelter is also illegal .
since the smoking ban came into force about 10 years ago the number of people smoking has decreased .
vaping has become quite popular so now when i go home i see less and less people smoking anywhere .
in vienna the number of smokers is huge comparatively .
i think austria has one of the highest of smokers in europe and certainly among young people .
walking to the station to get to work involves walking through a smoking gauntlet .
the ban on smoking indoors is due to come into force next year but i 'm highly sceptical that it will be enforced .
there is technically currently a ban but it 's weakly worded and even more poorly enforced .
archaic sexist beliefs that women somehow do n't know what they want with their own bodies and eventually will all want children and yet men are probably more likely to never want kids .
sexist on both fronts tbh i 've met people who defy both of these views .
he 's confident and loves a challenge like this .
but it should be everyone 's right to own nuclear weapons .
i 'm pretty confident none of us are free .
please check out our daily announcement threads to find one that your post would fit in .
our meta https www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/search ? q=subreddit 3afatlogic++meta+monday sort=new t=all threads are on mondays .
fat rant https www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/search ? q=fat+rant restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all threads are on tuesdays and fridays .
recipe https www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/search ? q=recipe+thursday restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all threads are on thursdays .
wellness https www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/search ? q=author 3aautomoderator+wellness sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all threads are on wednesdays and the weekends .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fatlogic if you have any questions or concerns .
her lack of individualism as you put it is in direct juxtaposition to k 's journey of self discovery .
both replicants are the favored pets of their human bosses and both are tasked with finding the replicant child .
but unlike k who chooses to challenge the status quo luv chooses to maintain her position .
luv may be aiding wallace and perpetuating replicant slavery .
but in doing so she is also helping the only human that wants to allow replicants to breed .
meanwhile k is tasked by his human boss to kill the child that would allow that .
we 've almost killed the boating industry my comrades just a little bit to go !
make sure you download the latest greatest adobe reader .
however he respects her-as a person and as an actress .
i 'm sure he would be there for her if she ever needed him and would ask for nothing in return .
i just think her personality matches better with ren .
he adjusted his schedule and pushed himself to get to karuizawa sooner and be there for kyouko on the vague suspicion that something was wrong—despite her assurances otherwise !
he allowed her to demand his help in preparing her natsu—at 2 in the morning after a long day 's work !
even though it required him to lose sleep and embarrass himself by prancing down the corridor like a female runway model !
it 's actually less than 4 years just 3 years 10 months and 15 days to be exact .
and as others have pointed out kyouko 's usually very mature when she is n't off in wonderland .
and ren knows about and accepts her flights of fairytale fancy .
i think it 's mostly cassio vs ryze that makes the difference tho
i 've never been a great fan of that hypothesis because they could always see the real proportions of pregnant women by looking at other women around them .
unless it 's some creative/spiritual i make this piece of art to express how i feel about myself right now '' thing .
so yeah researchers have scratched their heads about those thingies for 100 years a reddit forum is not going to come up with a solution .
their android tv app is so much better than the crunchyroll one .
had worse jury management than paul and yet somehow people neglect that and think she 's one of the best players yet trash paul for it
it reminds me of the time mr. bowie got lollipopped . ''
msf lost this game by themselves by picking yasuo and ryze .
to be fair that 's not a very good test .
obviously you 're going to do what you 've done your whole life in that scenario muscle memory and all that .
i do n't understand what you 're trying to say here .
my point is that if you 're walking barefoot down the street you 're going to change the way you walk .
you 're not going to do what you 've done your whole life because of muscle memory you 're going to change to walking toe-first because that 's more comfortable in the rough terrain .
this is what happens when no reputable academic publisher wants to print your handbook on whale speciation .
i do n't hike to try to be the best or the fastest or the fittest .
i do it because it 's fun the i love the community and the scenery is great .
too much reddit would be a mad burn if it made sense
it almost feels like yge 's drawn more attention to this by publically denying this instead of ignoring it like most unfounded and totally ridiculous rumours .
i hope jennie and teddy do n't feel uncomfortable/awkward working together because of this rumour .
putting myself in her shoes i would be so mortified if people thought i was dating this much older coworker i 'd never want to be in the same room with him alone .
unfortunately it has been removed for violating the following rule s
your title must not be designed to elicit sympathy .
you can read the full information about our title guidelines at r/pics/w/titles
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the rules https www.reddit.com/r/pics/about/rules and title guidelines r/pics/w/titles .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/misswimp message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
it is strictly necessary that the longest chain is always considered the valid one .
i 've seen them for 299.99 usually back ordered is the issue .
this is wwe 's problem when they are damned on certain match-ups .
i think it should 've been roman vs. strowman at wrestlemania or maybe a triple threat with undertaker say both guys wanted to face him .
that applies this year where i think strowman should 've beaten lesnar and be built as the unstoppable monster to face roman for the title at wrestlemania
the latest copy of fifa for the playstation and a 6 pack of beer
treating women like people is a great way to succeed with befriending women and getting along with them in a social and professional environment .
if you are looking for a gf it will do you no good .
i also had a horrible time with women until i basically started treating them like dudes .
and even then most young attractive single women assume that any male interaction is done with the sole purpose of getting down so i usually avoid them completely since an ugly guy like me wo n't get a good response from that kind of impression .
the four bands/artists that have been most influential in my music choices throughout my life ... lots in between but the ones that have definitely stuck with me the most .
and if they really wanted to get to you a nylon tent ai n't stopping them .
literally just a worse version of shinobi at this point .
i had fun with him for a little while but now playing as him is just grindy .
its too hard to open people up you can only spam kicks and hope for a hit or trade blows with that shitty jump attack .
you either turtle and have the most boring fight of all time or actually try to play the character how hes supposed to be played and die because you have easily countered and punishable moves short range and 110 hp .
just gon na switch to gladiator or shinobi or something centurion is n't worth the pain and struggle .
does it bother you that she did such a terrific job but that it could have been much better if she was n't using younique ?
i never know what beers to suggest to people because almost everywhere here sells local and i dont know where they distribute to or i would say drink the kind i have .
the one i 'm drinking is from my state but it 's like drinking pumpkin pie crust and all..but without being thick or heavy .
it 's like a good ale smooth love fucked your grandmas home made pumpkin pie like prince and their love child is a full grown pumpkin beer adult busting a sweet load in your mouth .
it 's got that gourd 'tang ' without the bitter ass eating taste of an ipa and the full mouth earthy bread taste without feeling like you 're drinking fucking molasses dough .
i do n't understand what you mean or if you 're being sarcastic or what .
the guy is in australia that confirms my suspicion .
the people saying the dates are screwy are wrong .
they do n't understand what they 're looking at. edit i was checking the thumbnail not the image .
i feel like people say this about mike leach 's qbs .
your post has been removed make sure to use the body of a post to elaborate on the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah fuck mls glad usa didnt qualify for the rusia world cup
if watching faze playing csgo does n't make you ask why is this allowed ? ''
essentially everyone is slightly enhanced beyond just their quirk in order to use their quirk in the first place .
after his standard ban he drifted into cubes and edh and sometimes some kind of budget mono blue legacy contraption .
but they 're very ready to team up with scalding tarn for mana fixing again in a competitive format some day .
it 's because the creators just do n't care as much about quality as spielberg and his team .
the right combination of practical cgi lighting staging is still possible but modern studios just want to turn all the hard work over to the animation farm and call it a day .
in the same boat as you been a faze fan for a good while but i 'm never giving up my rng flair .
what about the little skinny guys with the 29 inch waist and not a speck of fat on their body .
they did n't have muscle either but it was n't really hard to do the required amount of pull-ups and sit-ups and push-ups when you only weigh 145 lbs .
of course these were the guys that would max the score on all the tests but if it came down to them needing to carry you out of a fire fight because you were injured or move something heavy they could n't do it and always needed help .
hey nguyetthi unfortunately your submission has been removed because it was a link to a video hosting site probably youtube itself .
if you 're trying to share a video you should stop by r/videos instead .
r/youtube is for discussing youtube as a whole its features bugs design trends and so on .
if you think your video fits that please send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoutube subject=please+approve+my+video. message 5blink+to+my+post 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/76a9tq/tin_24h_tv_sức_khỏe_hiện_tại_của_bé_trai_bị_đâm 29 so that we can take a look !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
nobody can even doubt that he is the most accomplished western player worlds finalist semi-finalist quarter-finalist on three different organisations eu lcs champion best top laner at all stars and only western player to win it i mean people might not like his social media outbursts but he ca n't be that bad if all the team 's he has been in have had success and hes never been fired '' .
it 's the lag the fact that they can cancel it any time with no consequences and now it takes much longer to get out of a submission .
my grandfather always had a story he would tell .
when he was in italy for nato he went out to eat and he asked what a dish was the menu was italian .
not knowing the word for veal the waiter took half a minute before saying it was not cow but son of cow '' .
i know it kindof derailed the story but this post made me smile and i miss him .
so i did n't cover it in the guide for a couple reasons .
as far as coaches go some trusted guys i know have suggested that some of them may be broken and do n't do anything .
gameplan is also tough because everyone plays so differently .
the goal of my guide was to give a path to getting 32 with quick strikes so how your opponent does should n't matter .
i 'd make sure to have the best two point run counter since most people run there .
i personally will be using my normal coaches sean peyton and ron rivera .
and the winner for my least popular comment goes to this one because seattle transplants ca n't handle the truth that the city i grew up in is actually wracked with opiate addiction .
they arrived at his apartment and he unlocked the door .
you 're welcome to any food in the cupboards .
i am 30 and utterly alone and always feel this way .
i 've been watching his tng parodies for years .
i think i 've won most of the games i 've played .
that dose n't work if you live in a cold climate though .
it 's not summer heat 365 days of the year most places .
iron man would win the first fight batman would win the rematch
yup universal audio apollo twin into a drawmer mc2.1 monitor controller .
hey i built probably 100 's of inukshuks on summits and other cool spots even caves !
i did n't dress them up in costumes though ...
but it 's cool to think that lots of them will remain there for decades unless disturbed by some dick .
probably would just bring ezreal back to the bottom lane .
haha i just followed this sub not too long ago .
god top spin was such a quality tennis game .
i wish there was something like it on current gen consoles
i saw this a while back and i think the consensus reached was that it was who comes to this country and who decides who comes to this country possibly another phrase as well but i ca n't recall
no it 's only when you leave to get a pack of smokes .
i love when an album grows on me or grows with me over time .
there are many facets to an album or song that can make me love them but one of my favorite is it 's ability to grow over time .
a lot of albums remind me of a special time in my life .
they may be classic albums but depending on the time in my life especially middle school high school college .
the albums could more strongly associate with a time of my life or maybe it 's the type of album that really grew with me and i 've been able to enjoy it differently as i 've gotten older to get a fresh perspective on the lyrics concepts production or whatever .
everyones favorite t h i c c b o i
they say they do n't sound like migraines so i should learn to relax .
i have what feels like two very distinct types of headaches .
the short version one is throbby moderate to severe only responds to triptans unilateral and includes photosensitivity the other is bilateral mild to moderate sometimes responds to advil 200mg does n't always include photosensitivity and comes 'in waves . '
my term it sort of rolls in over some time sticks around for awhile then fades out over some time and stays low-intensity or gone for some time before the pattern repeats .
my neurologist a specialist said that both sound like migraines to her and i 've been diagnosed with chronic intractable migraine without aura .
i ca n't eat my speech can be slow and slurred
that said there is such a thing as migraine-like tension-headaches . ''
moving/walking hurts and is hard which i understand is migraine-like but moving or walking would be difficult when in that much pain for any cause .
for me it 's not moving or walking that causes a pain increase it 's changing levels .
that is going from sitting to standing laying down to sitting up etc .
doing that basically sets off a higher wave of pain for a minute or two before it subsides if i do n't change levels and i can go back to whatever i was going to do .
i lose my appetite but i also do n't get nauseous or vomit .
sometimes if i move my head during a headache it takes a couple of seconds for my vision to catch up like my view gets smeared for a second or two while it catches up with how my head moved .
but this does n't sound like aura as described on migraine sites .
for example i only found phantosmia smelling things that are n't there on those sites .
it was n't until a random migraine buddy a migraine tracking app chat happened to occur as i poked around in it that someone mentioned parosmia smelling something that is there but smelling it wrong e.g. my dryer smelled of rotten eggs ... and i had no idea why at the time ... .
that was the first time i 'd heard of it .
i also realized much later than certain flowers smell like dog poo ... something i never picked up on because i do n't typically stop to smell them and i just assumed a dog had pooped nearby ...
there are several types of migraines two of which are migraines with and without aura .
i find i get double vision and a certain feeling of fatigued/tired well before a headache that 's probably a few of my prodrome symptoms .
light and sound are n't great during a headache but it 's not as though i need to be in a blackened silent room .
i 'd be in the same pain either way .
i 'm already light-sensitive even without the migraines but sound does n't often bother me any more than usual .
my headaches do n't fit clearly into a category as far as i can tell but they 're starting to impair my life and daily functioning .
then it 's time to see a neurologist preferably a headache/migraine specialist .
and congratulations you 're one of today 's lucky 10000 !
it 's more like they 've given this to geelong and made it clear that the ablett deal needs to be done as soon as possible .
this is a copy of a comment i made earlier .
share the link below with everyone it 's now or never .
if we do n't let our government know that we will not stand for this any longer it will be too late .
there is a mass protest planned accross the country on nov. 4th and it 's supposed to go on everyday until trump resigns or is kicked out of office .
crazy alt-right people are absolutely losing their minds claiming this is the radical left or antifa planning to start a civil war on the 4th .
they are even calling for everyone to get their guns and be ready .
anyone who can protest should but be very careful .
for some reason the news of this protest has been slow to spread i just learned about it yesterday and i actively look for events like this to go to .
it looks like it 's getting suppressed and there is a mountain of fake news surrounding it .
i thought it was not even a real event when i first heard of it i thought the right was just losing their minds over a fake story or something .
go to youtube and search nov. 4th or nov. 4th protest and the only thing you will see is hundreds of crazy trump people including police officers telling you to be afraid and arm yourselves because the left are about to come murder you .
we need to show the world there is more of us than there are of them .
i guess there are a lot of similarities but qrow is n't an arrogant asshole lol
i would wean first and gradually especially if she 's comfort feeding .
you could try just resettling her first when she wakes for a feed and set a time limit .
for example if she wo n't settle after 10 minutes of patting then feed and slowly lengthen the time you attempt to settle her each night .
i 'll be honest any kind of sleep training will be a bit harder if baby is right next to you but it 's not impossible .
you could duck out of the room when she 's trying to settle so she ca n't smell the milk however they learn pretty quickly that mum being right there 24 hour snack bar .
also wanted to add i had a similar problem with my lo around the same age when she was feeding to sleep .
she was falling asleep too quickly on the breast and not taking in a full feed before bed i started giving her a bottle which she actually stays awake for until she 's finished then i would put her down and pat her to sleep .
this sort of got us set up for sleep training with very few tears .
yup if he 's considering the lakers it 's because he believes magic will play ball like pat and the cavs have .
it is not the legislation but the executive orders that are being countermanded .
so far the senate has been unable to reject the legislative agenda .
displacement-driven spore-hub drives are probabilistic the further the jump the more processing power required to maintain vector because of the complexity of the network .
hence why the discovery can only jump hundreds of kilometers at a time without the assistance of a supercomputer-level tardigrade or processor .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
even some of the religious leaders who wanted to praise trump publicly asked to go off the record and say they do n't believe the self-described presbyterian is religious .
i 'd rather trade for other games but i appreciate the offer .
he will very likely walk to a team who needs a solid 3b .
plus he wants a multiyear deal which we 're not inclined to give him .
we 're not going to get anything back for him .
nintendo switch is the best thing to happen to console gaming since the beginning of console gaming .
that seems to be what i have found too .
i wonder how much of a pain that is to set up though .
punching someone who is sitting down and clearly not ready to fight is n't a sucker punch ?
not to mention the victim was old enough that he might have trouble defending himself .
that 's like the definition of a sucker punch .
not even sucker punch sucker punches the victim did n't even fight back and the guy kept going .
yeah i remember the last time i played knights of the old republic there were a ridiculous number of evil choices that were just kill this person for no good reason '' or sell this person into slavery for minor profit . ''
it 's like can i be evil without being a raging homicidal maniac or a petty sadist ?
thanks for bullying some one who bothered to care for unknown strangers .
eri has one of the most op quirks in existence she can basically undo anything she wishes to and that also refers to others quirk .
shout out to lemillion making an epic comeback after 100 chapters kicking everyones ass .
also if eri managed to control her quirk could she revert aging process ?
maybe she has been stuck as a child for more than we know ... basically she can be an eternal child if she wished to ...
will do ill check back in a few days and let you guys/gals know
now they said i would have to order one and pay for shipping or wait for stores to have them .
yeah i think it 's mostly bullshit with the exception of republicans in washington state .
could you elaborate on your views of this rant ?
do you feel that modern internet rants are less entertaining than the ones you grew up reading ?
perfect those are the only kinda friends i have .
yea though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death i shall fear no bitch .
if your concern is scams we should be talking about counterparties not bitcoin itself .
unless you think the protocol itself is a scam which imo it most certainly is not .
you 're conflating the trustworthiness of counterparties with the trustworthiness of the underlying protocol which imo is not a very good model to operate by .
you 'll understand the situation better of you look at them independently .
bitcoin is n't trying to be a credit agency or the better business bureau it 's just trying to be digital money .
do n't expect it to protect you from scams any more than cash will .
that 's not its job and does not affect its trustworthiness as money .
if there is a specific study that is of concern than i would be more than happy to discuss it with you .
maybe state the place in the video that mic the vegan discusses the issue in question .
i already talked with her about how i felt .
i do n't know what 's the scenario going to be next time ... she 's a really nice and friendly person that always avoids any kind of conflict and ca n't say no '' especially when she has to improvise .
i 'm with you all the way but i do n't know if i can expect that out of her .
thanks a lot for the details there my only concerns been the forge you know i think forged in fire got me slightly interested but really the idea of being able to make something from metal such as a sword was such an appeal .
going to print screen the information you gave me though ca n't promise anything to happen this month but next month on payday i will look into it and i will attempt to have a try .
the only thing the advent of the alt right has changed is that now right wingers looks even stupidier denying that the right is racist sexist homophobic and generally a bunch of regressive hatemongers .
i wo n't reply to the rest of this comment hhtura makes the relevant point but this is to misunderstand the alt right .
if anything the ar is the first rightist movement in a while to actually own sexism racism etc .
there 's a ridiculous trope in the cuckservative '' right that goes democrats are the real racists !
which the ar laughs at and to which it basically replies no dumbass we 're the real racists .
the type of support you are looking for does not really exist for smaller teams .
if this is only you and a friend have you considered that language issues will seriously reduce your ability to coordinate with the koreans who are on going to be matched with you ?
this has been a wierd start to the season with the teams in the one bid leagues .
they do n't taste any different anyone who says otherwise is full of shit .
it 's literally a shit post and everyone is looking for deeper meaning .
when i have a period of poor mental health and i have this experience of not being able to control my thoughts for weeks at a time i have to do whatever is necessary to get my sense of self/personhood back and a lot of times that means scaling back on the amount of input that comes into my life from the outside .
so that 's the reason i 've pulled back .
put on the plug some thick jb weld then slap it back in there .
customer just needs to change the oil from the top now .
problem solved just as the youtube video told me .
20 year old urban photographer in nyc always down to meeting new people to work together with .
the simple hud addon with pitch and roll is already an existing system .
make it an option for those that find it easier .
costs very little and hurts nothing to do it .
you may not need more than visual cues but i would find them helpful .
yeah i 'm indifferent in regards to irons brands but have a strong tm loyalty for drivers/woods then cleveland for wedges .
she wrote so tiny faint that if you did n't see her put it there it was almost impossible to see .
it should be compatible to be safe i 'd get a 1050 ti that does n't require pcie power cables
besides the huge issues between just the two of them there will be major problems with chris being in lux 's life .
javi 's hate for chris will be some next level sh t .
i also think deep down he would have some resentment towards lux too .
the three children should not be taken on another roller coaster ride with javi and kail .
thank you for your submission to r/videos however it has been removed because
your account is not yet old enough to submit content to r/videos at this time
please try again when your account is a bit older around a week while also commenting in posts to also build up some karma .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
we do n't know ... but it 's pretty standard practice to form separate llcs per building/project and partnership .
but forget that for a second i 'm under the assumption that anyone arguing that he should divest fully is not going to accept trump 's branding on anything because those people are obviously going to experience a bump in sales due to the connection .
besides the executive order as far as i 'm aware just allows bigger pools of insurance good for all people and the sale of insurance across state lines also good for all people
i know that you think you 're winning this argument but from the outside this is like watching two retards flailing and crying on the playground both of them trying to hit the other but neither coordinated enough to actually connect .
upvoted for visibility ... .not sure what kind of surgery she needs but you can see if y'all qualify for help from the pet fund ... .http www.thepetfund.com/for-pet-owners .
be sure to check about payment plans at your vet maybe even at a vet different from your regular .
our pets are our family and best friends ... god speed to you both .
i do n't think he fucked her heavily pregnant with another mans baby in her and you have to wait 6 weeks to have sex after the baby
i know you 've always had a ... wary relationship with social media and have decided to back off with it recently .
was there a proverbial straw on the camels back that made you decide to do this ?
yeah he was wiping his mouth after chugging the football 😂 .
i remember doing this in os1 with the travelling merchant in the homestead .
why do some poor people rob banks and not others ?
the cards are all pretty good but the idea of predictable card generation is sooooooo needed in this game
that stuff is awesome for casseroles do n't you diss it .
im getting tired of this sub being nothing but reckful and friends .
i do n't really know much about the xim4 to verify or discredit what you 're saying but as someone who played with an elite controller on console and switched to pc i fail to see how having a mouse with customizable dpi is n't an advantage .
while it takes time to get used to m k becomes point and shoot .
even after changing sticks messing with deadzones and changing stick acceleration accuracy was always less than when i first started pc .
so could you give me a tl dr version of what makes the xim4 so bad that it does n't provide advantage over a controller ?
all i got from the article was because allah said so ''
nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so . ''
i know they did this over on the green day sub .
the bryan text glitch was not fixed for me on this patch .
my ticket for it was closed and i was told to wait for the patch but i still have the issue and am now having to open a new ticket and wait forever for a reply .
my main account has gone 85 games without endorsement money so i made a second myplayer who glitched almost immediately and can not get any endorsements period 20 games in .
that said i 've not really seen a lucian perform well mid .
i have n't seen a lucian perform well in a while honestly in general .
all you have to do is turn the post i think four turns and it should be aligned .
it 's such a small height difference that it does n't matter too much .
i have an f height fsb on my 727 clone and it 's fine .
i 'm also putting an f height fsb on my a1 build .
it 's legit like .04 of an inch difference .
this really does extend into pre-shredded cheese or sliced products too .
the difference in taste and textures is amazing when sliced or shredded right from the cheese block .
sorry i do n't know what you 're talking about .
aftershock does burst damage by burst damage i mean the basic attack after using the ability .
its common knowledge that when everyone talks about its burst damage they are referring to that and not it 's pathetic cp power .
i have read the items description i know what it does it seems that you 're nitpicking on where the damage specifically comes from so yeah let 's not go into that .
glasscanon taka wants to spend as little time in a fight but the aftershock proc just requires one basic attack and it does an absurd amount of damage in that short period of time .
i also do n't get your logic here with the global hp increase aftershock actually does more damage so i do n't know what you mean by less viable .
for example a captain can easily reach 5k hp the aftershock proc does 750 dmg by using c basic attack a basic attack combo you get in 1.5k dmg with just 2 basic attacks .
you seem to think as can only be used with sc with the new meta changes there are more new ways to build items .
i do n't know if you understand how aftershock works so it may be good for you to read the description because it has received an indirect buff .
in the past people build sg cw instead of as+sc because it does more upfront damage vs squishy targets but now with the massive hp increases as is now a lot stronger .
i made eye contact with a girl the other day .
if you ever get the chance to try a headset that is hooked to a pc or a ps4 you really need to give it a chance .
mobile vr is super gimmicky and incredibly inferior compared to high-quality vr headsets .
the two experiences can not even be considered remotely similar .
disclaimer motion sickness still happens on non-mobile vr but there are a lot of games that have found ways to combat it so people who get nauseous easier can still enjoy the wonders of vr .
can anyone confirm if the pac12 after dark gods are satisfied with the clemson upset ?
no no hannity was trained by his parents who had connections to law inforcement https youtu.be/nv5fxpvezoq ? t=321 .
in other news my grandfather had connections to general macarthur ergo i 'm a military commander straight-up .
and no one thought to title this fire melts ice ?
do you have anything going on between now and june that you absolutely ca n't reschedule ?
you can refuse service to anyone so you can tell the skin heads to get the fuck out .
what you ca n't do is say we do n't serve white people '' .
this deserves more upvotes ... it 's surprising how much alcohol does not burn off .
it 's not that everyone is braindead most people are fine
but when u get 4 decent players and 1 troll who picks rank 0 strix for the xds vs 5 decent players then u might as well just take the deserter penalty
so because others disagree with you that means you 're wrong ?
how idiotic is that ... all im saying is it does n't matter if things in the game change or not .
even if it does n't different endings scenarios etc .
if you enjoy the game enough you will no doubt have no problem with playing it again .
i feel classic mode is enough to warrant another playthrough .
and to answer your question i do remember and love both .
i 've played ninja gaiden 2 and 3 in my childhood through rental but the very first one i 've only played when i was already an adult a few years ago .
at first it did n't impressed me much because of the inferior aesthetic but ended up absolutely falling in love with the control response .
it provides such a massive experience of flow even comparing with more modern games .
a plastic bucket is in no way comparable to kevlar .
piercing armor is all about stressing the material beyond its breaking point .
if you can not do that and .50ae has been empirically proven to not be able to do that to level 2 soft armor at moderate distances you will not penetrate .
also due to speed the 5.56 would explode the bucket and the melon it just would n't have as large of an entry hole but i digress .
.50ae has worse penetration and wound potential at all distances compared to 5.56 .
i work in an office far away from windows my car is uv protected and i typically do n't spend time outside during peak sun hours so i skip daily sunscreen beyond my moisturizer .
but for long days outside i wear mommy uv mild gel .
i skip it for everyday because it 's a little drying but it never breaks me out or burns my face i stay away from avo/oxybenzone because they make my face turn bright red and heat up and get itchy which leaves out a ton of non-asian sunscreens .
i go on this diatribe in case you have similar problems !
the ak is so damn good that at this point i only play fuze for that rifle .
monty sits in a weird spot but definitely not useless .
his role is unique as he 's the only real area denial operator on attack and he 's also a walking drone that can spot enemies in a room then have another teammate prefire them off .
i think a slight damage buff to p9 is all that monty really needs .
his role is entirely dependent on serious teamwork not unlike any other attacker than can say ah screw it '' and decide to go for the kills instead .
ideal attacking team on bomb is monty-ying-glaz and two whatevers for us .
get in smoke have monty cover set off candela to cover your sound plant get out .
no one expects monty to get any frags his job is to sit in a corner and give us intel on enemy locations .
yea i 'm excited to see what he can do with a bigger role .
that tactic only works at the organizational level the obvious example being microsoft .
piper breaks a glass bottle on a car parked in the alley then seems to instantly regret and he apologizes to david .
its not davids car just some random alley they met in .
i would n't want to be any of the senators or congressmen involved in any coup on trump .
talk about needing some fucking body bags you better load the fuck up if you idiots try that shit .
the people voted trump in and do n't think for a second the people wo n't take you out if you try to remove him .
if you 're gon na cover your arm in tats at least get something decent .
a dumb fuck who could n't even pass 10th std .
and has a fake degree in 'entire political science ' whatever the hell that is .
is it just me or is this written strange ?
maybe i have some whacked out pregnancy brain but this english is uh different .
not just does close physical contact advantage your infant 's advancement yet sustaining time makes a profound enthusiastic bond whether it 's originating from a breast or a jug a man or a lady . ''
i agree with a lot of what you said there .
larger fov of the vive is debated online ever since the two hmds are out even if the vive has a couple deg more it 's irrelevant and most people ca n't tell a difference .
both sets have barely enough fov and really should need more .
brighter displays '' is a totally subjective assessment and does n't mean that it 's better .
my monitor display is also not better '' when i turn contrast up to 100 and brightness to 80 .
in fact i turn my monitor always way way down like 25 contrast and 20 luminance max .
i have otherwise never considered an alleged lack of brightness '' of the rift an issue whatsoever .
the same for less vibrant colours '' since i consider the rift colours out of the box extremely vibrant almost at the point of ridiculousness .
and the god rays are another matter of debate .
i have by the way rarely seen people claiming that the display of the vive is better .
not really man i use the breakouts so i would end up buying them all again with crates
what i want to know is why didnt the begin date end but the end day extend from 30 days out from purchase
unfortunately your comment has been removed for the following reason s
also upvoting your post from multiple accounts is against reddit rules .
if you feel this was done in error please contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fflashtv .
please include a link to your post so that we can see it .
also you can check out all the cool additions in 3.0 at the star citizen youtube channel .
the around the verse video series is a weekly look at what they 're working on .
lol i had that 1 coming they definitely were n't game planning for this 1 haha .
you 've been counting down on that 1 have n't you .
viera probably could be said stronger defensively than attacking great arsenal sides around him .
gattuso more defensive minded could also be said great ac milan team around him .
keane great leader hotheaded as was seen during the point he left united/purposely injured that city guy who injured him previously .
can be fairly solid defensively always in a great team .
he was immense for city in his first few seasons with them .
had a similar goalscoring season to gerrards best in pl without him its probably safe to say liverpool and not city would have won the league in 2013/14
just 06-09 id say he had a great team around him .
05 inspiration to win the cl with some luck of course .
10-15 though there was generally holes in the team in certain areas .
also at his peak 09 season he had his best goal run in pl came close to winning it that year think torres got injured at a point which didnt help .
another thing that could be said is that he had the engine of henderson at his peak with far more quality .
even if avs pull off the win this game still feels like a lose for them with all the injuries they 've got
also what you just did to the father insinuating he does n't know what his own daughter 's beliefs are is far more offensive than any of the jokes you are getting your panties or boxer briefs boxers ?
looking at this in the future it 's a normal snes being sold as an snes classic .
we need shut down devo that we all know and love !
i have a cohost who often ... ... . um ... goes mia and am stuck without having a pod cast friend so yeah it would be nice to be apart of another half .
i can talk i like to do research on things and really would like to join a podcast
honestly be so boring that they have to find a more boring color than gray .
she lovebombs and you give the verbal and physical reaction of meh '' .
she asks questions what are you doing with yourself ?
falling for her lovebombing will give her a sense of control .
you got ta look out for yourself and living in your friends shadow would have only been detrimental to you .
we were/are living about 400 miles from my mom/family .
and after having my first born something switched and i just needed my mom .
and most of it was pressure i was putting on myself .
being a new mom was so hard and i felt like i had to do it all on my own .
breastfeed have a clean house cook meals be presentable .
i 'd see other moms who seemed to have their shit together and it made me feel like a failure .
and i was n't taking care of myself or giving myself a break .
even when my husband offered and tried to help i would refuse because of fear of missing out and mom guilt . ''
when i had the chance to get out on my own i would feel guilty for not being home with my baby .
a combination of all that had me wanting to run home to mommy .
for my family it just was n't an option .
so i started taking some time for myself nothing big .
just like 20 minutes to take a long shower or play on my phone .
i also started to see a therapist which really helped .
i really recommend for her to see a professional .
it 's really helpful to have someone to talk to that 's going through the same things .
and if an extra day at daycare is n't an option maybe hire a mother 's helper . ''
someone that can come to your home a few hours a week and help your wife around the house .
or just to watch the baby while your wife cleans and does homework .
it would be cheaper than a nanny and your wife would be there so you would n't have to worry about a stranger .
it should n't be too hard to find a college student looking to make a little money .
also all his passes are bad because all his receivers are good and caught bad balls .
of course its a false start when the line of scrimmage is crooked
which is incredibly stupid too to even imply if that 's what u/gardiner4norris was thinking considering that ...
it 's corn flower ... like if your brain instantly goes to is this racist '' there is a problem .
anyone else was obviously only cast because they spoke shitty english .
the one main foreign bad guy spoke well but was not a good actor .
it 's simple clean can be self hosted has nice integrations and it has a nice encryption plugin for storing credentials on pages .
the best part is it 's 10 per month for cloud hosted .
just imagine the tree on the left filled with client company names and when you click on the company name you get the categories you setup .
or you could create a seperate space '' for every company and be able to easily give credentials to your clients if they request access .
a coach that has experience outside of concacaf should be the coach .
no more we need an american leading americans because they know how americans play '' .
time to get them outta there comfort zone again !
somehow i do n't think the sugar cube and powdered sugar on top are sugar free p
that was reasonable if he felt it was a weak category for him .
no problem at all it 's great to see someone who 's wanting to learn about cameras/photography just as i 've started becoming interested myself in the past few months and your body requires no thank you in return i should be thanking you !
pm me sometime i like speaking to amateur photographers so i do n't feel too much out of my depth while i 'm learning !
i mean you ca n't link rationalwiki and imagine you 'd be taken seriously .
it 's on the same level as ed without any attempt at humor .
more proof the al are heathens they have to listen to 2 series worth of joe buck vs. just 1 .
i 'm so happy everything looks good in there .
i actually just watched him throw up a brick on my other screen .
team ovr is 104 and starting ovr is 107 need league who is grinding rodriguez hard invite me
growing up my best friend and i used to bushwack .
just leave the trail and head off in a direction see what we could find .
just piles and piles of old glass jars and bottles .
some had cork tops and were full of whatever potion .
we got a general idea of how old everything was from a milk jar .
another time we found a six foot long patriot missile .
turned out to be a life size model rocket lost by some poor soul when the shoot deployed .
kept it in my bedroom for a few years .
lime draco 's tw hexphase orange halo 5 acc 's 10 nitro 's 20 other crates for lime apex
i use my atk roy with a build almost the same as this he 's still amazing .
now that you can upgrade seals he can get a little more of an attack boost too .
exactly look at this report/review its one of the best written i have seen yet
hehe you waited all day for that did n't you ya dope .
your post has been removed for the following reason s
rule 2 state the full name of the geeky lady in the title .
you may repost your image with the lady 's name in the title .
if you feel that this removal was done in error feel free to contact the mods of this subreddit .
please also familiarize yourself with the rules located on our sidebar .
2 vs 2 is called a tie for 1st place you know ...
oh and if you see her first tell her i said hi .
i 'm gon na try to confront my fear of interstate driving tomorrow .
is n't bengali more similar to hindi compared to scandinavian and latin derived languages
yeah speaking like this would pretty much kill reason for ric to stick around .
kimi and bottas are both on 1 year contracts .
would n't be surprised if one of them is on the 1 year just to fill the gap until ric can move .
honestly he was a pretty average drafter except for the absolute egg that he laid in 2012 .
most of our talent left in the great exodus that i blame on harbaugh .
he pushed the players too hard and created a bad locker room culture .
and for the people saying that they 're professional football players that should be able to take it they 're still humans who care about their health and want to be treated with dignity .
you have been given one point for this answer .
bjerg and dlift sell too much merch for that to ever be a realistic decision
why not simply make the rule flair or title and just remove submissions that do n't do either it 's not like r/trance is a highly active subreddit .
we ca n't let users flair because some of the apps do n't allow you to do that .
the exact same apps do n't have access to the rule page either according to various modmails i 've read in the past ...
but everyone on desktop mobile browsers and decent reddit apps can see the flairs so having stuff in title plus duplicated in flair afterwards only helps a small part of the users and annoys everyone else .
ps that rule did n't exist when i last submitted here i 'll check it out .
you cant even fill a paper with that much and roll it without half falling out wtf is this guy doing .
40 h 40 v 100 aa 5 aaw 100 as 0 aei 100 scoped dz peaked at 45 this season one tricking widow
your comment was removed because amazon affiliate '' links are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askphotography if you have any questions or concerns .
op hit this ball ! ! ! ! ! !
this is basically the crowning achievement of my volleyball career etc .
even though we do n't have a full group debut yet i hope loona does something like iu/bolbbalgan type stuff or haseul and hyunjin 's songs .
we have n't seen anything full-on ballad from any of them since sonatine .
i paid heat adds for hexed when it was still like 30 something keys on pc .
you have been given one point for this answer .
i once carved all my biology chemistry and physics notes into three separate pencils with a compass .
but since the compass was n't incredibly sharp it just created indents .
that you could only see from a certain angle .
that just so happened to be the same angle i see the pencil from a writing position .
as a side note i did really well on the physics and chemistry but someone stole my biology one so they did really well on that and i got next to nothing .
i have always been an hk fanboy and had n't bothered with glocks until recently .
i started with a 26 and fell in love with its simplicity and plethora of aftermarket parts .
i knew i had to have a glock 19 and love it almost as much as my vp9 !
the modular nature of glocks intrigues me and now i 'm in the market for a 34 so i can beef it up with a taran tactical parts kit 3 .
yes it has a feature that disables throttle control if it senses you are about to accelerate into something accidentally .
i want to be able to actually see a camera view from the front just like the rear-view camera .
your answer of you do n't need one '' is a valid opinion but it does n't actually answer my question of has anyone done this and what product do you recommend if you have '' ?
if it was there 'd be something in here about chads and how incels are nice people and also not showering or sumn
no amount of tweeting about your thoughts is gon na convince us that you did n't fuck up .
at which point etiquette would be to return some banter at america 's expense .
as usual there 's no hard feelings but it creates some shared ground .
thanks for clearing that up i was like how the heck am i going to do it in store when there is no to little stock in stores lol .
you have been given one point for this answer .
it 's crazy tor think those cards are older than me .
it 's one of those collections that just give you that warm feeling inside once it 's complete .
because honestly i feel like i 'm failing at it and would like something to tell me i 'm not a total joke of an adult .
i 'm excited to make custom races out of this .
full-speed nero goes over a jump and turns into a tug .
i fear though that wars are hardly a thing of the past .
just give it some time germany is bound to try its luck .
your comment about the corporations is a main reason i think it might happen again .
what if the isps of the united states decide that they just ar n't making enough money and using their actual unlimited control of the internet cause a war between the united states and mexico .
to the outside world it looks like the us government wants a bunch of oil .
in reality spectrum want 's to charge all of mexico for shitty internet and shell want 's the oil .
sometimes just making sure the reader knows a thing is more important than showing it to them in the most effective way possible .
i mean you probably could show that billy is theodore 's uncle or you could just get it over with and say theodore said hello to uncle billy ''
i 've heard good things about the hotone but i 'd get in quick they have just been discontinued .
how many calories do you eat during the window ?
so many of these are being given away by awesome people thanks to humblebundle.hope i can get my hands on one copy .
i agree likely means tsms world run ends in the quarters
and i thought grimaud was just a character from the three musketeers .
you have been given one point for this answer .
a bit smaller cities with less p.o.i 's and more camps '' with some loot .
first off dont let nothing fuck with your sobriety .
secondly hold that shit so when a year is gone and you been sober and your well adjusted you can make a decision on wat do .
my brothers an addict i bought 2 bitcoin for him at 600 ea without his knowledge .
hes almost 40 and has shit to his name hopefully it will be a cushion for him in a couple of years when he is good and ready maybe he can buy a place to live or something .
nah i do n't have the balls to hold a volatile stock like that overnight
while i agree with what you are saying do you not think the feminine/masculine framing of non-violence/violence is a bit condescending to all parties and reinforces negative gender constructs on both sides ?
one could argue that the non-violence of your concept of femininity '' is the direct result of the oppressors trying to rid any possibility of oppressed women uprising .
i do not agree that femininity '' is inherently non-violent but even if it is it is still important to remember that femininity was also constructed by men and may not represent any kind of natural ideal which we should follow .
you have been given one point for this answer .
... i do n't know why but i am reminded of a fic where nekros soul punched a mass effect reaper .
i do n't want to associate with trump supporters and i feel my reasons are valid
1 they either knowingly and willingly voted for racist policies .
these people would n't integrate well into my friend group if they hate/are biased against a lot of them .
2 or they did n't vote for the racist policies but were okay with them provided they got what they want .
how could i trust someone who would happily throw me under the bus if it benefited then ?
phantoms by dean koontz was my first horror book .
i admit it i do n't feel bad about it ... ..entirely ...
i mean tsm getting to semis would be pretty incredible tbh .
an na team 's never even been past the quarters .
getting to top 4 would be a really solid performance from na .
i would suggest copying this with a copymachine then use one of them to draw more detail if you feel like it .
and also in what country do you study architecture ?
curious i am in my last year of highschool and i am interested in architecture .
i have been wanting to do those prince or james brown screams for sometime now .
i can do some small ones without hurting my vocal chords but if i do some longer ones more than a couple seconds it just really hurts .
is there any technique to this or is it just something you 're born with ?
in a meta full of cc junglers or tank junglers contractz is consistently picking carry junglers .
have a good attitude and please be decent in pvp
i 've been kinda iffy about this because it kinda encourages ganking but does anyone else think team executions would be cool ?
for example your teammate gets a kill and you walk up to them then press a button and do a combo execution ?
2 share your username and wallet adresse in comments or private message
at the end of everyday i will share 100 all the income with 1st level referrals by the of there investement .
so i 'm trying to query a large 1gb json file with 800k rows .
i 've streamed it in rstudio with ndjson but am now having difficultly parsing out the unstructured/semi structured json column .
it 's not a list and basically there 's multiple variables nested within the eventvariable '' variable .
using the head command in terminal reveals the specific format of
so it does n't seem to be any meta tags or lists as i see in examples i google am i using these terms correctly ?
it goes on and on for up to 7-12 nested variables for each row as they are not all consistent .
my question is what is the most efficient way to parse this data if i 'm interested in specific queries such as the number of nestedeventlognamevariable and jsonnestedvariable3 jsonnestedvariable4 etc ?
i imagine it would n't be efficient to try to parse out all 800k rows as the data would become huge .
i 'm using rstudio and ndjson and i 'm flatten the data then unnest datafile eventvariable but it does n't seem to make a difference .
would i need to convert all of this to a json list first as it 's still unorganized then try again to parse it ?
if so how would i go around doing it ?
hi all i just hopped on my wow guild 's discord and one of our less stable members jack put up a farewell message mid conversation he said he missed the shot and he heard sirens his discord profile is offline .
he lives somewhere in the us but i 've no idea what state .
how can i possibly locate him and contact the local police department .
since his discord profile is offline i can only think he shut off the computer himself either to get away from me to take another shot or to give up .
i can only guess the local police are reach his area after the first gunshot i 'm just hoping they get there in time .
have n't been in contact with him for 30 mins or so i 've emailed support discordapp.com with the situation his discord handle and screenshots of the conversation so they can hopefully contact the local authorities .
he missed the first shot but dismantled and threw the gun in the dumpster .
i told him to cancel all his plans for the next few days and he said he 'll book a therapist .
is a 2017 american psychological horror film written and directed by darren aronofsky and starring jennifer lawrence javier bardem ed harris and michelle pfeiffer .
the plot follows a young woman whose tranquil life with her husband at their country home is disrupted by the arrival of a mysterious couple .
their personal family drama spills over into the house leading to the death of their son and a memorial service held at their house .
after the guests leave the couple who own the house end up at the center of a cult that turns their home into a warzone .
was selected to compete for the golden lion at the 74th venice international film festival and premiered there on september 5 2017 .
it was released in the united states on september 15 2017 by paramount pictures and has grossed 39.6 million worldwide .
although the film received generally positive reviews from critics its biblical allegories and depiction of violence sparked controversy .
in an octagon house recently burned by fire him an acclaimed author struggling with writer 's block places a crystal object in a pedestal .
in a bed mother is formed '' magically and wakes up wondering aloud where him is .
she starts seeing things around the house that unsettle her including visualizing a beating heart within the walls .
one day man turns up at the house asking for a room .
during his stay man experiences prolonged coughing fits and mother catches a glimpse of a fresh wound by his rib area before her husband covers it with his hand .
the next day man 's wife woman also arrives to stay .
mother is increasingly frustrated with her guests while him begs her to let them stay telling mother that the guests are fans of his work and that the male guest is dying and wanted to meet him .
however when man and woman accidentally break and shatter the crystallized object mother decides to kick them out .
the couple 's two sons arrive and start to fight over the will their father has left .
the oldest son who will be left with nothing mortally injures his younger brother and seemingly flees while him man and woman take the injured son to get help .
mother cleans up the blood stained scene and is unable to remove a spot of blood in the floor which she discovers has created a hole and finds drops of blood making its way into the basement .
she follows the trails which highlights a hidden door in the wall and opens the door to discover nothing but a cellar to an oil tank for the furnace .
she then covers the blood stained floor with a rug .
upon returning him informs mother that the son has died .
dozens of people begin arriving at the house for a wake for the dead son .
more people arrive and behave in an increasingly rude way that bothers mother she becomes angrier when people start to harass her and do things to the home and eventually snaps when they cause a pipe to burst and floods the house .
angry with him for allowing so many people into the house for his own pleasure and ignoring her she berates him before the two have sex .
the next morning mother announces that she is pregnant .
the news leaves him elated and inspires him to finish his work .
mother prepares for the arrival of their child and reads him 's newest piece which is so beautiful it drives her to tears .
in celebration mother prepares dinner for him when a group of fans arrives at the house .
as she barricades herself in her home more fans arrive and begin to enter the house to use the bathroom .
their behavior devolves into stealing their belongings as keepsakes and disrupting the environment .
an increasingly disoriented mother makes her way around the house as each room devolves further into chaos .
him 's publisher the herald takes part in the madness .
military men with guns arrive to help mother but a cult of devoted fans forms around him they start to engage in rituals and violent slaughterings .
mother goes into labor and finds her husband who takes her to his study where she gives birth .
the havoc outside subsides as him tells mother that the massive crowd wants to see the baby .
refusing she holds on tight to her son as him continually stares at her .
when she finally falls asleep however he takes the baby outside to the crowd who grab him and pass him along via crowd surf and break his neck .
devastated mother makes her way to the front of the crowd where she sees the hacked corpse of her baby and witnesses the crowd eating his flesh .
furious at them she calls them murderers and begins stabbing them with a shard of broken glass .
they turn on her viciously beating and stripping her until him intervenes he implores she must forgive them .
mother escapes the grasp of the crowd and makes her way to the furnace 's oil tank in the cellar which she had discovered earlier .
despite her husband 's pleas mother sets the oil on fire killing the crowd and destroying the house and the surrounding garden and trees .
both mother and him survive but mother is horrifically burned while him is completely unscathed .
he asks her for the love she has left for him and she agrees to give it to him .
he then tears open her chest removing her heart in the process .
as he opens up the heart with his hands a new crystallized object is revealed .
he places the object on its pedestal and once again the house changes from a burnt-out husk to a newly renovated home .
a new mother forms in the bed and wakes up wondering aloud where him is .
lawrence said that the film is an allegory it depicts the rape and torment of mother earth ...
i represent mother earth javier whose character is a poet represents a form of god a creator michelle pfeiffer is an eve to ed harris 's adam there 's cain and abel and the setting sometimes resembles the garden of eden . ''
aronofsky said that the title 's exclamation mark reflects the spirit of the film '' and corresponds to an exclamation point '' of the ending .
the director discussed the film 's unusual capitalisation in a reddit ama saying to find out why there 's a lowercase 'm ' read the credits and look for the letter that is n't capitalised .
ask yourself what 's another name for this character ? ''
the characters ' names are all shown in lowercase except for him .
the lighter which appears throughout the film bears the wendehorn a symbol believed to represent the cooperation between nature 's eternal laws working in effect and in accordance with each other . ''
one of the film 's unexplained elements is the yellow powder lawrence 's character drinks which the daily beast suggests is a reference to charlotte perkins gilman 's short story the yellow wallpaper '' .
after 2014 's noah aronofsky began working on a children 's film .
during that process he came up with a new idea .
screenplay in five days much faster than his usual pace .
the film uses a dream-logic narrative of which aronofsky has noted if you try to unscrew it it kind of falls apart '' and that it 's a psychological freak-out .
jennifer lawrence was reportedly in talks to join the film by october 2015 .
by january 2016 javier bardem was also in talks to star and by april domhnall gleeson michelle pfeiffer ed harris and brian gleeson were added to the cast .
in march 2017 it was announced kristen wiig had been cast in the film .
shooting for the film began on june 13 2016 and concluded on august 28 2016 .
prior to the start of principal photography the cast rehearsed for three months in a warehouse during which time aronofsky was able to get a sense of movement and camera movement and learn from that . ''
during this time lawrence was relatively laid-back and aronofsky has said that as a result he did n't get to know the character until we started shooting and she showed up . ''
is the first aronofsky film without composer clint mansell 's involvement .
the film originally had a score composed by jóhann jóhannsson but after seeing the 90 minute score synced up with a rough cut of the film aronofsky and jóhannsson agreed not to use the original score .
they experimented with using the score at only a few moments or instead using a new minimal score focused on sound-design that incorporated noises into the soundscape of the house .
ultimately they went with the second choice and jóhannsson 's work merged with the sound design of craig henighan .
over its closing credits the film features a patti smith cover of skeeter davis 's the end of the world '' .
the film was originally scheduled to be released on october 13 2017 but was moved to september 15 2017 .
the film had its world premiere at the 74th venice international film festival where it was selected to compete for the golden lion .
it also screened at the 2017 toronto international film festival .
on august 7 the first official trailer for the film was released .
has grossed 17.5 million in the united states and canada and 22.1 million in other territories for a worldwide total of 39.6 million against a production budget of 30 million .
in north america the film was released alongside american assassin and was projected to gross 12–14 million from 2,368 theaters in its opening weekend .
it made 700,000 from thursday night previews and 3.1 million on its first day .
it went on to open to just 7.5 million finishing third at the box office and marking the worst debut for lawrence in a film where she had top billing .
deadline.com attributed the film 's controversial narrative and misleading advertisements as well as its f '' cinemascore grade to the underperformance .
other publications wrote that the film 's cinemascore grade which is extremely rare is associated with a movie that goes out of its way to artfully alienate or confuse audiences . ''
in its second weekend the film dropped 56.3 to 3.3 million finishing sixth at the box office .
citing the low receipts and cinemascore aronofsky blamed moviegoers ' rejection of science saying you have other people who basically believe in the power of a iphone that they can communicate to 35 million people in a blink of an eye yet they do n't believe in science in other ways . ''
it 's a total punch ... we wanted to make a punk movie and come at you .
and the reason i wanted to come is because i was very sad and i had a lot of anguish and i wanted to express it . ''
received generally positive reviews from critics who praised aronofsky 's direction and the performances particularly of lawrence and pfeiffer .
on review aggregator rotten tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 68 based on 272 reviews and an average rating of 6.8/10 .
the site 's critical consensus reads there 's no denying that mother !
is the thought-provoking product of a singularly ambitious artistic vision though it may be too unwieldy for mainstream tastes . ''
on metacritic the film has a weighted average score of 74 out of 100 based on reviews from 48 critics indicating generally favorable reviews '' .
the film received both boos and a standing ovation during its premiere at the venice film festival .
audiences polled by cinemascore gave the film an average grade of f '' on an a to f scale making it one of fewer than twenty films to receive the score .
owen gleiberman of variety in his positive review of the film wrote by all means go to 'mother ! '
but be afraid very afraid only if you 're hoping to see a movie that 's as honestly disquieting as it is showy . ''
peter travers of rolling stone awarded the film 3.5 out of 4 stars describing the film and aronofsky 's direction as an artist 's cry from his own corrupt heart '' and a work of a visionary '' .
he also praised the film 's allegorical narrative and the performances of lawrence bardem and pfeiffer and said positively that the cinematography always seems on the verge of exploding '' .
writing for the chicago tribune michael phillips stated darren aronofsky delivers a damning critique of the artist/muse arrangement even as he admits to its old-fashioned patriarchal simplicity . ''
he also referred to the film and its script as grandiose and narcissistic and in quick strokes pretty vicious '' while drawing a similarity to aronofsky 's acclaimed film black swan .
writing for the guardian peter bradshaw gave the film 5 stars saying darren aronofsky 's toweringly outrageous film leaves no gob unsmacked .
it is an event-movie detonation a phantasmagorical horror and black-comic nightmare that jams the narcosis needle right into your abdomen . ''
club gave the film a b writing the filmmaking ranks as some of aronofsky 's most skillful '' .
ben croll of indiewire gave the film an a− noting awash in both religious and contemporary political imagery darren aronofsky 's allusive film opens itself to a number of allegorical readings but it also works as a straight-ahead head rush . ''
rex reed gave the film zero stars in the new york observer and wrote that despite some good cinematography nothing about mother !
makes one lick of sense as darren aronofsky 's corny vision of madness turns more hilarious than scary .
with so much crap around to clog the drain i hesitate to label it the 'worst movie of the year ' when 'worst movie of the century ' fits it even better . ''
reed further dismissed other critics ' positive reviews of the film as equally pretentious '' and even nuttier than the film itself .
is a metaphor for something although they are not quite sure what it is . ''
similarly the new republic 's josephine livingstone states that the film has no human center to hold it down. anthony lane in his new yorker review wrote my patience was tested beyond repair i am afraid by the nimbus of nonsense. in his wall street journal review john anderson said it achieves a level of excess that makes the whole enterprise increasingly cartoonish rather than just awful. writing for the washington post anne hornaday gave the film 2 stars saying even lawrence 's magnetic powers ca n't keep mother ! ''
from going off the rails which at first occurs cumulatively then in a mad rush during the film 's outlandish climax.
stephen whitty of the newark star ledger wrote one part early roman polanski one part pseudo harold pinter and two parts apology-from-a-driven-artist .
is n't strong enough to bear the weight of all the overwrought style he hangs on it .
unlike the mansion it 's set in it 's a small hammered-together thing and it ca n't bear all this meaning and metaphor. entertainment weekly 's chris nashawaty said darren aronofsky 's mother !
is rosemary 's baby amped up into a fugue state of self-indulgent solipsism .
and he really wants you to know that he 's been thinking a lot about what that means .
unfortunately his gaze is so deep into his own navel that it 's just exasperating. new york magazine 's david edelstein shrugged off the film and any talk of its craft stating most of the dialogue and effects are clunky repetitive second rate.
i know men are naturally hairier than women of course but cultural standards of beauty never really do make much objective sense .
i also get the impression from purely anecdotal evidence that the percentage of people attracted to men who find hairiness a turn-off is n't all that different from the percentage of people attracted to women ie people of all sexes and sexual orientations are equally likely to find body hair sexy gross or have no strong feelings either way .
i know the fourth release is just in beta testing right now and 3.2 is still suggested for now but i am curious if the os is getting to be more user friendly or just getting better for it 's intended use by people who know what they are doing and not easier .
i want to use it for work but can not afford the time to trouble shoot a bunch of technical issues with an os that there 's not a lot of support for or a large user-base allowing for easy reliance on other people 's experience .
i think that would be too much of a plunge from windows not that i intend to keep using windows just curious if qubes is the right distro to switch to for me not being very computer literate and having zero experience with linux .
i 'm looking for a submissive in my area .
i 'm not particularly picky but expect it to be demanding .
i 'm near watertown so anywhere near that is ideal .
02. crazy man 's hand cuffs provides something easy to repeat that can be performed in another person 's hands
triumph a selected card that gives them a sense of magical power .
signed card to wallet continue the card theme with impossible location .
out of this world big finale with the spectator as the star .
but i think i 've reached the final straw .
i was so hungover on thursday that i did n't go to work .
i stayed off friday as well to give the impression it was a serious stomach bug .
then on friday i drank so much that i woke up at 4am saturday morning and was sick .
i was miserable all day yesterday and something clicked i have my lowest and most suicidal days after i 've been drinking .
all this time i 've been thinking alcohol helped me forget my pain but really it is a sticking plaster that comes off the next morning and the pain is still there .
hello i 've tried creating my own reddit sub-forum but it does n't seem to work since it says '' your account is too new to create a subreddit try participating in other communities on reddit for a little while first before creating your own .
please post to r/help if you need more information about this restriction or if you require a specific exemption you can contact the admins to request one .
but i think i 've had my account for longer then 30 days if those are still the requirements .
my idea is this make pk light attacks faster .
that is right i feel like pk needs to be faster than what she already is .
on the switch side make it so that her animations are improved .
if pk does not have fast lights then she will be trash tier and we do n't want her to be nerfed to the ground so i feel her attacks should be faster than what they already are .
i feel bad for pks because i feel like as a nobushi i have an easy time facing them .
so to better balance them increase their attack speeds on her lights and zones but fix her animations .
i 've had my s7e for just over a year now and a few weeks after i bought it i noticed a few micro-scratches on the screen .
fast forward a year later and there are tons of them scattered around the screen .
i have babied this phone ever since i got it and i was wondering if anyone else is having a similar experience as me ?
looking for a men 's wedding photographer that 's good yet not overpriced .
hoping to include video and photo packages not sure how they work exactly but i was told that you get a specific amount of pictures .
would like to hear any advice you people have on specific good ones .
been using myprotein soy but it 's proving difficult to drink as the taste is so foul .
anything else you could recommend that wo n't break that bank ?
i 've been searching everywhere on ways to buy bch but i 've been turned with nothing .
i posted this https www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/71ozng/q_bitcoin_and_bitcoin_cash_split_where_to_buy before but i did n't understand fully this comment https www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/71ozng/q_bitcoin_and_bitcoin_cash_split_where_to_buy/dncgt1s
does kraken/bittrex allow people living outside of their approved countries to trade on bch ?
think of a consumer with the preferences u x1 x2 2x1 x2
are x1 and x2 perfect substitutes or perfect complements for the consumer ?
if so how do i derive the demand function without p1 and p2 ?
so i recently got into the bushido miniatures game by gct and i decided to use their fantasy psuedo japan the jwar isles as a setting for a campaign im planning .
the jwar isles are a part of a larger empire with a somewhat hands off approach to its vassal states and are recently recovering from a civil war .
the dragon clan have deposed the and practically destroyed the last clan that ruled the prefecture of ryu '' ryu being the capital and the prefecture being the government of the jwar isles .
the ito the snake clan a clan which switched to the winning side at the end of the war have gained a great deal of power through a deal with a malevolent kami and are now challenging the dragon clan for dominance over the isles all within a few years of the end of the dragon wars . ''
my campaign concept is that the pcs are part of a new organization the metsuke created by the prefecture to resolve disputes and conflicts within the prefecture and keep tabs on the other clans while its military is fighting the ito .
the setting though not completely fleshed out yet because of the game 's youth has a number of factions and threats to keep the players busy .
in order for the campaign to have enough tension the prefecture must either be on the back foot or at a stalemate with the ito .
unfortuneately according to the map of the world ryu and the ito 's capital are only separated by an narrow strait theyre on separate islands .
this would seem to indicate that the war would be relatively quick since the first power imbalance would allow one side to go for the jugular a problem if i want another faction to rebel or otherwise cause major trouble .
i 'm fine with continuing a campaign if the prefecture loses but i also dont want the outcome to seem too sudden .
tl dr my campaign has a war which i want to be lengthy yet the capitals of each side are close to each other would like suggestions .
i recently graduated with a be in electrical engineering beee .
is there a way i could volunteer myself to help rebuild the island infrastructure ?
my spanish is weak yet i am willing to learn .
i understand the fema volunteering site is n't the best way to go any recommendations would be most appreciated .
hey guys so i just tried a diy repair on a paradigm ps1000 subwoofer .
it was n't powering on and i figured it was these 2 resistor 's fault as they were a bit burnt .
i went out and bought replacement ones matching basically to the colour and size could n't figure out the ohm or wattage the original ones were
the subwoofer works now that i replaced with the new resistor 's but one of them glow red hot when it is under load for example during a star wars action sequence
i 'm just wondering if anyone could shed a light on what the problem is .
i 'm sure i 've got the wrong resistor should i be using a higher ohm one or something ?
all direction scroll characters kept in the middle of screen as much as possible
2 player but it had networking support and a modem .
i only ever saw it working once the machine was sitting there with no-one playing but the screen had a guy running around with a weird username over his head and there was a modem sitting on top of the cabinet with a phone wire going off somewhere .
fantasy action very d d like with generic dnd style spells and character classes but was not one of the licensed dnd games .
somewhat low color palette a little like ghouls n ghosts art style but not as well animated .
3 or 4 character classes inventory items little thought baloon would pop up to choose a spell if you had spells .
somewhat janky movement easy to get stuck on things and not very fluid .
not one other streaming service netflix amazon vudu hbo go espn crackle and more buffered ever .
i know it 's not me i have 60mb internet a mimo router where i have prioritized my streaming devices and i am the only one using the internet .
i see a lot of posts about it and can not believe that at t keeps working on adding more features when they can not even adequately perform their basic function .
i will miss it the channel lineup was up my alley and i felt it was a decent value .
maybe some day i 'll come back when they fix the buffering problem .
edit thank you everyone for the suggestions and comments .
should n't be that way should work as well on every device that they advertise as a supported device .
i should have mentioned it buffers on my phone as well wifi or mobile data .
i have nfl sunday ticket streaming and that streams fine ... they should borrow some of their own tech from that .
does someone have the live versions of yeah right or tennis court trust from flume 's live perf in reading fest ?
i 'm trying to remember the name of an arcade game that i used to play at the local laundromat .
all i remember about it was that you would control your character to move around an arena filled with monsters and these rolling spikes .
the object was to lead the monsters into the path of the rolling spikes until they were all killed .
looking for 2 1 more for calus checkpoint be 280 .
message thelivedunn with light level and class for invite .
on account of no-chilling i occasionally have reason to throw in some hops as late as five or ten minutes after flameout .
not long after that though i want to to yank them out so that i can whirlpool and transfer to the cube .
so how long does the actual hop matter have to be in the wort for it 's flavour and bitterness to be imparted ?
legit jarrod needs to play some chattanooga shows please !
so i 've been fighting with this stupid server i 've been building all day today .
after finding a motherboard post that i forgot to remove to plugging the supermicro front panel pins in backwards it 's been a helluva trip .
so now i 'm to the point where it powers up posts boots and does everything it 's finally supposed to .
go to button it up and then bam after putting the air duct back on i find my biggest problem
i picked up a coraid system off of craigslist a bit ago for cheap and turns out the case is a supermicro 933t-r760b https www.supermicro.com/products/chassis/3u/933/sc933t-r760.cfm
i have a supermicro x8dt6-f https www.supermicro.com/products/motherboard/qpi/5500/x8dt6-f.cfm ? ipmi=y sas=y motherboard that fits in the case and i wanted to upgrade from my rosewill https www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=n82e16811147233 case to this super nice supermicro one .
so i knew i had to get new heatsinks as i was using i7-extreme 1366 cpu coolers and they were too tall for the 3u case so i ordered 2 supermicro 2u heatsinks .
so my question is can i get a new baffle or and i screwed and i have to find some 1366 1u heatsinks ?
or are there any other kind of heatsinks i can use ?
ever since ob 60 i 've been getting massive amounts of lag constantly throughout a match where i 'm literally rubber banding everywhere continuously over the course of a team fight .
i tried to seek help but have had both my past two posts completely ignored and thus am making this again .
it is literally unbearable when your projectiles pass through people and you 're getting stuck on corners or sliding around through walls .
my internet is fine and my friend gets perfect ping when he 's over at my place yet i 'm the one who 's being thrown under the train .
please does anyone have any suggestions to fix this ?
i literally ca n't play comp without risking being deadweight the entire game .
congratz u/toe_by_us he won the 16 man inaugural ps4 rhc friendlies tournament !
i want to thank everyone on the ps4 side for making this super easy to run as well .
the first tournament went along so easily i will gladly host another down the road !
i think i remember the year and the tune just not anything else
there 's a whole other discussion about m gear farming and tfing that ruined this game but that 's for another time .
this is purely about dungeon heroic and mythic loot and its seemingly infinite scaling with every new patch .
what 's the point of adding new dungeons if the gear that drops is identical in power to a dungeon from launch ?
lk heroics were 200 and icc heroics were 232 cata heroics were 346 zg was 353 .
granted not a huge increase but i think you get the point .
the addition of a new dungeon meant slightly harder bosses but the reward was slightly better .
they could add 50 new dungeons this expansion but if they all have the same fucking power level what is the point ? ?
i get it though they want to keep everything relevant but just arbitrarily increasing the ilvl of dungeon gear is n't how this system should be .
there are other methods that were already in place in previous expansions that helped characters gear up ... just increasing the item levels of literally every piece of gear in dungeons should not be one of them .
what the hell is the point of adding an entire new dungeon with new raid tiers if it 's just purely to advance a story line ?
make that shit a scenario and call it a day .
it 's not like people are running it for the power boost that the new items give .
is it okay for dungeon loot to lose it 's power at some point ?
i dunno i 'm just annoyed that they add dungeons and immediately make it fall in line with the rest .
feel free to add me https steamcommunity.com/id/mrdogeman to discuss .
not knowing a particular song from 18.15 is killing me and i ca n't seem to find it or any song in the show notes if i 'm even looking at them with the summary and links .
between the humor the acknowledgment that they are n't top players and the interesting hype take on the game .
it really gave me the vibe that i get from watching old melee vods .
the downvote button is far too useful a community moderating tool to be removed over 1 guy calling for a brigade .
downvoting is mostly based on opinion and once it passes a certain threshold it has a psychological effect and people jump on the bandwagon .
it stifler plurality of opinions and creates an echo chamber .
manny subs with hight traffic have it removed and it makes for a healthier community .
take r/askeurope for an example once they put the downvote button back the already hostile community became very toxic .
i 'm in europe for two weeks and using paris as my entry and exit point from europe .
being a climber for the last 15 years i 've come into the habit of packing a pair of shoes no matter where i go and being this close to the font it is a must for my trip to europe !
is fontainebleau feasible as a day trip from paris ?
should i take the trains or rent a car and try to make the drive ?
i am an experienced climber off the couch v4-6 projecting v6-8 and am with my girlfriend who is a novice .
so i would be looking for really a place to get a taste what fontainebleau has to offer !
i think its a fair warning to point out that that guy has multiple reddit accounts that he uses to upvote his own submisions votes .
thats why he is such an adament supporter of removing the downvote button .
in case if as he suggests steps have to be taken '' to prevent brigading and enforcing reddit rules .
have two friends with this as a last name they tell me it 's hwin '' but i still call them heeyunnnnnn '' when i have to use their last names idk i 'm bored .
more than that out of 66 comments only 32 survived the purge including two pure unadulterated shitposts of mine .
i highly doubt that 34 posts were breaking the rules .
was it really necessary to clean up an already removed post so much ?
you are correct it is n't local crime and has been reinstated .
i 'm trying to attach my internal webcam to a dedicated vm but i 'm having some trouble .
i 've looked at the documentation and i 'm a bit confused .
my webcam is essential to my workflow and so i need to get it set up yesterday .
i highly doubt that 34 posts were breaking the rules .
a lot of them were just meta comments shitposts or hate speech .
was it really necessary to clean up an already removed post so much ?
when rule-breaking comments end up in our queue we will remove them no matter the nature or state of that thread .
oh if it 's back up the purge makes every kind of sense .
u got until oct. 17 8pm est to show us the dino tattoo on your ass .
we expect the post to be released by than or prepare to face the consequences .
but as a student i got midterms and school dumb fucking tattoo .
once more europe mod team bends its back under the pressure of an altright brigade .
check out where this news is posted its all the_donald and uncensored news and other rag subreddits .
it 's an incursion whose goal is not debate but indoctrinate propagate .
i have just finished issue 3 only 3 issues so far a 0 and have been enjoying it quite a bit !
not at all what i was expecting when i first picked it up and has a somewhat unique premise well not that unique that i found to be entertaining .
i am not against posting such stories per-se but the fact that the op is a member of uncensorednews which is an extremist/far-right site is worrying as he/she may be agenda-pushing with the aid of his buddies from that subreddit .
it 's my birthday and i 'll cry if i want to .
i was abandoned a few weeks ago by the guy i broke up with 3 months ago .
since we broke up we were doing a really good job of being friends and hanging out .
of course it was hard but it got better .
then one week he started being a shitty friend i called him out on it and he rage quit me .
anyway this has contributed to my feelings on depression with the general state of my life .
anyway i guess that 's enough to get a conversation started .
please do n't just send a message saying hi '' or what 's up . ''
just wondering where the actual game progress data is saved for downloaded arma 3 missions ?
i ca n't see it in the folder where the .pbo is or anywhere in documents\arma3 or arma 3 other profiles .
once again look at my last comment i hate the alt right just as much as you do and i was n't agenda pushing .
i need to extend my gpd pocket with more storage just as simple as that .
the uhs ultra high speed variant of microsd fits this bill perfectly .
these microsd s go up to 400gb now so my gpd pocket would be fully equipped if i had two or three or one uhs microsd slots internally that i could make a raid from .
i 'd be fine with either however usb1 with its 1mb/sec throughput would be undesirably slow .
the biggest uhs-2 microsd card presently seems to be the 256gb lexar professional and the biggest uhs-1 microsd card seems to be the sandisk 400gb .
reading up from benchmarks like https www.cameramemoryspeed.com/reviews/sd-cards/lexar-professional-1000x-uhs-ii-256gb-sdxc-memory-card and https www.cameramemoryspeed.com/reviews/sd-cards/sandisk-ultra-90-mbs-uhs-i-200gb-microsdxc-memory-card i get the impression that they have a similar performance really so i just buy the 400gb variants and i 'll expect each card to give 1500 iops and 5-10mb/sec meaning a raid of 2-3 cards would give me 3000-4500 iops and 10-30mb/sec which is totally ok for my uses in particular considering that the gpdpocket will cache previously read data in ram .
can anyone manufacture such a gpd pocket mod for me ?
all my comments got nuked without me breaking a single rule this is fucking bullshit .
i 've seen bunch of people post about this on the ea website but they just do n't seem to care it makes me not want to play the game is their anyway to avoid it crashing ?
this was happening to me after updating 2 nights ago .
have played a dozen games since going back one version and have n't crashed once .
with the new driver i was crashing in 90 of my games .
striker bmds i need crossed out means i own it
striker painted octanes i need crossed out means i own it
check out where this news is posted its all the_donald and uncensored news and other rag subreddits
r/uncensorednews only became a thing because r/news and r/worldnews mods censored the orlando shooting and they only remain popular because the censorship persists .
if you were to ban articles that are posted to those forums you just increase the problem .
and btw speaking of an alt-right brigade this looks like a duplicate account .
6 weeks old with just 1,5 pages of comments .
if i go into the nvidia control panel and change the refresh rate to be 100hz the monitor is unable to wake up the monitor once it goes to sleep .
however it 's fine if it 's at 50 or 60hz .
i feel like a failure as a bojack fan because i honestly still do n't get the mulch joke from season 2 .
no more withdrawals no subs no antidepressants benzos addys nothing .
boring but it 's nice to not be sick and shit .
anyways after being unemployed for a year due to getting to the stage in the junkie spiral where you lose your job everything and scam/steal to get your fix i finally said fuck it and got a job .
now i 'll be getting my first paycheck this coming friday .
i 'm going to be driving home to visit my family and girl i use with that friday night .
will be there in wi for the weekend where all my awesome dboys are .
gon na get a gram right away probably a couple halfs from a couple other guys to see who has the best stuff at the moment and get another gram or so from that person .
but fuck if this is impossible for me to wait .
i 'm going to be physically shaking with excitement on my 5 hour drive home that night .
such as waiting for your check to come in a few days waiting for the direct deposit to go through waiting for a mail delivery of boy or you 're chipping and finding out for whatever reason you have to wait like one week to use again .
i 'm wondering if anyone can give me a trick they use to calm down and be patient .
god even when i get to wednesday i 'll still have to get through a full day of work on thursday and then friday before i can leave friday night !
the scars on my wrists and hands are such fucking triggers .
i wish i could put a needle in there right now .
arguably way too late i am trying to dump my free bcash however i am having an issue .
i transferred all my coins from my core wallet to a hw wallet then went ahead and dumped the privkeys from all my addresses downloaded electron cash in a linux vm imported all my private keys and heres where the issue starts .
i have n bitcoins however when i 've now imported all my addresses into electron it shows me less .
i was able to send the full amount that i happen to own to my hw wallet and it confirmed fine .
i have not sent or received any tx 's close to the fork time .
trying to dump my bch what am i doing wrong ?
po długim śledztwie i badaniach można stwierdzić że janusz to tak naprawdę osoba nie istniejąca poza siecią wirtualną .
chodzą pogłoski iż owy fake pokazywał nie swoje nagrania na których widniała anonizacja .
a se ba nawet nie istnieje w rejestrze polskim .
wiele ludzi stwierdza iż może to być eliasz j. pod pseudonimem operacyjnym se ba a natomiast janusz to osoba widmo której nikt nie zna .
wciąż trwają poszukiwania dowodów od dnia 9 września 2017 roku .
zwracamy się o to do was gdyż nasi detektywi nie mogą rozwikłać zagadki
i 'm sitting here slamming refresh on taskstream for my capstone project .
i 've been in and out of school for 12 years i could n't stand the traditional school structure and the concept of done '' was always something way off in the future .
it 's wild to feel like i 've actually almost finished this .
question hi i 'm trying to clean up my ft sheet and i realize i 'm missing part of my pokedex reference table .
can someone please direct me to a sheet with this info ?
column order does n't matter i can index match my way back to sanity .
me and my friend were watching a video and we stumbled upon a musiclly cringe comp but my friend stopped at the 0:07 second mark and tried to find there musiclly here is the video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sixtm0fejm0 list=fl4jmbrlxbxwyr2wxmnfwz5a index=1
please help my friends obsessed with her/him hes bi so he dosent care
i am in 10 man standard and conflicted which rb2 i should start and which flex i should start .
my other rb is kamara a d 2 wrs are cooks and evans .
i thought the extended season was supposed to help ease scheduling with regard to back-to-backs .
i just looked at the lakers schedule and we have 4 back-to-backs in our first 12 games all 4 of them requiring travel in between .
just started any tips on the fastest way to get the hydro warframe and the fishing spear .
message me if you are a new player and want to group up or a vet and do n't mind helping new players .
so i picked up the pot last week and was doing my meal prep for the week yesterday .
slow cooking potato sweet potato onion carrots and on top was 10 small chicken thighs .
it was about an inch under the full line .
lid on set to vent cooked on medium for 6 hours as low would have taken me to the middle of the night .
open it up and the chicken on top is still raw .
digging down the sweet potato is also barely cooked .
in the past i 've cooked this meal in a dedicated slowcooker on low for 9 hours but my ex-wife got that device .
i need to make another batch today but can only afford one more attempt .
pretty much same recipe but added 2 cups of water and the pressure cook function .
turned out fantastic and the food consistency of what i was looking for with slow cooking .
i do n't think i 'll ever go back .
hey guys maybe once or twice per match career mode i 've not played online my game experiences the following issue the game suddenly freezes for a second or 2 skips a bunch of frames freezes again then continues as if nothing happened .
i can still move my player 's direction during the small freeze but i ca n't see what i 've done until the freeze is over .
my framerate is capped to 60fps my gpu is a gtx 1080 ftw2
i live/work in the south eastern us va nc and sc area and have been trying to find some good sources for retro hardware outside of craigslist and ebay .
i have a few contacts with electronics recycling companies and i used to cruise yard sales from time to time .
but it seems like these resources have dried up over the last two years .
i do n't know if the average person has started realizing that their 25 year old computer is actually worth something or if most of the interesting stuff has already been found by collectors like me .
nowadays i 'm lucky if i spot a useful set of proprietary cables/adapters in a thrift store or estate sale .
i 'm not looking to encroach on anyone else 's hunting grounds but any advice would be great .
part of the fun with this hobby for me was finding and restoring cool items that would 've otherwise been tossed in the trash .
i 've decided to make a crit/backstab build with the thief starting dagger and a new savefile .
i 'm also trying to do a cosplay of spy from tf2 .
i have a couple friends running in the detroit marathon today and i ca n't open the article in the detroit free press app to track your runner .
i 'm sure it 's just overloaded but just wanted to check to see if anyone else was able to get in ?
i want the dodgers and yankees to both lose of course .
but if i had to choose one to win i 'd have to go with the yankees just so that dirty asshole chase utley does n't win another ring .
i know no one cares i just had to vent .
last time it went out for three days but thank god it was back this morning
i probably see myself joining a rebel group with a funny sounding name such as the the pasta lord resistance army '' 😂 .
on a serious note though do we like have any doomsday preppers around here ?
everytime i think or talk with other teachers about math teaching practices that would be best with our students i feel like we are generating ideas that we think will work but actually are not effective .
for example a lesson might feel good '' to a teacher but actually it was not effective and there are better ways to design/apply a lesson that have been tested/researched .
one example i can think of are the map.mathshell.org lessons .
looking for 4 more chill people to knock this out .
not very good i know but i was not raging and had genuinely fun in most of the games mostly because me or my opponent just about edged the win .
this was the team i played with where i subbed pirlo in mostly at min 60 because of his low stamina .
this wl i win nearly the same amount of games but lose everytime against teams that have strikers with great pace .
i switch my teams around often but no formation seems to play good against l1+x and then y .
my playstyle is rather slow and i pass and dribble around the box until i find an opportunity to shoot but every shot gets blocked .
does every opponent play very defensive and counter or am i just bad ?
i have lost the fun this weekend league do you have a tip for me ?
tl dr i was bad at this game and had fun now i 'm still bad at this game but do n't have fun anymore .
i 've checked all the related settings including the snooze option and it all looks fine .
older man trusted family friend or friend 's father known each other for many years comes on to me out of the blue it 's the first time we 've seen each other for several years
i 'm old enough to understand how you 're looking at me hinting to me and how inappropriate it is because of how we know each other because you 're married because you 're so much older than me and yet incredibly susceptible to your charm
kinks dressing sexy including talking about it within the rp and chat before or after anal cumplay light submission name calling perhaps gentle humiliation only symbolic bondage not real
what in the flying fuck are you even talking about ?
i 'm glad the walking erection is doing well for himself .
i have n't posted any links to the blockchain explorer .
we know it 's just gon na be jungle lc mid veno or necro and off-lane sniper anyways..
yeah i used to too when i did ob ... never heard anyone complain .
my head feels like i have fleas right now tho ...
i googled it b/c i thought i was losing my mind and it 's actually a thing ... lol
i do n't have a problem with loot boxes when they do n't offer a competitive advantage that can not be gained any other way .
distillates whatever you can grind and level up your gear even if slower .
but if a bis item comes from a cache there 's no other way to get it other than from the cache .
now in swl the cache items are n't bind on pickup so they can be sold on the ah which is nice but i 'd much rather you be able to get them in game somehow.. anyhow .
think about our 12 1 season back in '13/'14 .
im a hyppocrite my bad but imo elite skins look so much better than this
i left it a couple of weeks and the bumps simply did n't heal up at this point i 'm not entirely sure whether i should see my doctor about it because i do n't think that 's normal
the only micro transactions in d2 are stupid fanboy cosmetic shaders and emotes .
you get a bright enegram drop at least every play session for free .
d2 lets you optionally buy these random bright enegrams and they just contain decorative and emotes you get any way as you play .
it 's pretty much for kids with money to spend money on dances and colors quicker than playing the game getting random drops .
now middle earth that 's a rougher one man ... as in the end game you have to keep replacing orcs for your army and it 's easier to buy them then grind to get to the end .
go look at the metacritc user review hate going on for that game .
or just selling or atronach forge or some quests .
i just happened to take a couple of tabs of acid not even realizing that it was time for the new season .
i sat with my mouth open the entire time as the animations changed and i kept rewinding the part where gene says ha ha ha you 're acting weird ! ''
ca n't even rememeber the last time i saw a movie .
i think people who live in other states have a completely imaginary image of southern california .
i 've died like 6 times at the beginning but when act 2 started the difficulty became real easy again think i died twice after that and 1 was on purpose to a slave orc .
but got betrayed like 5 times only in nûrnen got betrayed so many times in total .
god damnit i knew i shouldnt have benched jake .
can you elaborate on how this is street legal '' ?
did you go through dot/state police to get a vin assigned ?
getting ready to start this process so very curious !
i remember i was on a pip before i got fired but they did n't follow up daily with me on the plan .
as someone who has done this for a gpu 8800gt and an xbox i 'm truly sorry to be the one to tell you that this is a temporary fix .
its a matter of time before the solder fails again .
it could happen in a year or 6 months or maybe even a month .
i know people who oven 'd their bootlooping lg g4s and got one night out of it .
also if you think you can oven it again then i 'll warn you that it gets progressively worse .
if you had 6months before you 'll get 1 maybe 2 months before it fails again assuming it revives at all .
that said extra life is extra life and if i were you i 'd start saving for your next card .
the longer this card lasts the more money you 'll have for your next card .
could it be a double layer of ink because they printed a reverse holo on a ex card resulting in darker ink card ?
i repeat the card is the same of the other ones same material same length same font .
i traded him for ingram yesterday in a ppr league
the next of kin of the people you stole from .
having a chromecast is such a good match with the home assistant
its not that rare for tiny aircraft to go down '' which can mean almost anything .
i wonder though if the hunter actually sat there and watched you wank for 13 minutes or just tabbed out and watched some anime or something ?
i get a lot less tilted by ropers or emote spammers if i just do something else while they waste their own time thinking it will get me mad .
the point is that bitcoin was not created to replace other payment systems like paypal to keep one 's savings in to make cross-border payments frictionless etc..
bitcoin was created to offer the only thing that traditional payment systems did not offer to allow any two willing parties to transact directly with each other without the need for a trusted third party '' .
in the whitepaper and in the initial announcement satoshi make a feeble attempt basically one sentence in each text to justify why such a payment system could be good for mankind .
in fact i am now convinced that he did not care much about it really and that his real motivation was simply the inventor 's ego rush of solving a technical problem that had remained open for a couple of decades .
anyway that no trusted third party '' thing is the only goal that could justify the existence of bitcoin and the only criterion that would let us call it a success '' .
the fact that bitcoin can be used to buy pizza or make international payments does not mean that it is working .
all those things can be done by other means like paypal credit cards or bank wires more efficiently conveniently securely and often cheaply .
honestly i 'd be okay if they took the td back if they had called targeting on that review that was rough man .
rule in my house is 3 weeks or 300 .
my own family was n't overly abusive anything physical stopped when i was 14 and i guess large enough to intimate my nfather and it 's things like your experience um the vacation not the threats and beatings those are just evil that had my brain tied in knots for decades .
because it can be perfectly right and normal to use 'free ' money for a family trip .
a healthy family with limited funds might decide to pool everyone 's surplus and use that for a vacation they otherwise could n't afford .
or if a kid wanted to do something extra an excursion on a cruise or such i can see a perfectly good non-n parent allowing them to do it if the kid pays for it .
not exactly normal but it 's possible to think of scenarios where that can happen and be the best choice for everyone .
that does n't mean it was n't wholly f'ed up in this context .
some ns yours among them it sounds like are masters at controlling the narrative and using things out of context to prove you 're wrong and they 're right .
it 's all about the context and the details and narcs will always say those are irrelevant when it comes to things they did for/to you and the whole story when it 's things you did for/to them .
you can meet with nil before/after a few camps but not all of them but whether you do or not does n't affect anything beyond dialog .
cause for concern gets added to your questlog regardless of the order in which you clear the camps and irrespective of whether you 've ever spoken to nil .
if you have cleared all the camps it should be in your questlog .
oh i know all about that day and oklahoma tornadoes .
i got stuck north of the storm and decided not to core punch as i wanted to keep my windshield .
i try not to put myself in dangerous situations .
the weather channel suv actually did core punch and got thrown off the road by the tornado .
i 'm glad i made the decision i did .
it was a day we knew had huge potential .
not any more potential than we 've seen before though .
i did n't mean for it to sound like an attack on you .
to add to what the others said sata4 and sata5 will be disabled on your mobo when you use an m.2 ssd so do n't plug any sata cables into those
cannae speak for my companion but i 'm good for now '' the vvoskai says with a cheerful smile as he hands the menu back to the server and turns his attention back to red u/dimestream .
ah i meant food from home '' he clarifies as he sits back on his chair .
i cannae wait fer leave so i can go home fer a bit i miss the food of home almost as much as the beer ! ''
he lets out a small laugh that seems to rumble through the air .
i hear theres a great bar on the station orbitting it might gi ' that a shot if i end up out thay way 'fore hittin ' the surface . ''
these fuck ups are unacceptable for a brand like f1 .
funny this should come up since this was the first video i ever recorded about two weeks ago v
truth be told you will always meet kids that will take the eu-na seriously and just be a dick to others for whatever reason
i 'm currently reading the series and keep visualizing how it would look if there was a cartoon and how they would portray it mostly given the massive amounts of searat murder .
it says and i quote all my shit goes to ortiz in event that he is gone distribute it equally among curdy cambria jenkins marso doug vish basically all alive blood gulch members i do n't know . ''
and this seems to of been added later ... make a statue with the charo funds in the office of the picture in the upper left cabinet .
reminds me a lot of this one https www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/6h19o4/my_attempt_at_a_flag_for_scottsdale_arizona that was posted a while ago
ughh i want to finish watching sg-1 and atlantis yes i know i never did finish not interested in sgo .
no miss charlotte it was not a waste of your time . ''
if i may be blunt enough to speak please stop acting like a child and actually pay attention to our current predicament .
the sanctum stability is dropping further and further and the only thing we can even attempt to try to counter it is to prevent it is to increase the stability of the nexus further in return .
for that ... .we all need to share information and plan together .
trying to do them alone is pointless if the sanctum collapses leading to doom us all . ''
she sighs when charlotte throws a question at will .
it 's a hypothetical situation which is currently irrelevant to our situation .
the fact that i 'm actually prepared during a burglary ?
that i have a rifle with a multi cultural universal ammo type ready at the helm ?
is it that i do n't have to pull out my fuckin ak every night ?
yeah i do n't have to pull out my 9mm either .
christ people troll your own lives and maybe you 'd pull ahead of whatever dickshit situation you come home to at the end of the night ...
if anyone i knew for some reason thought of axe '' as a suitable euphemism for a penis i would stay at a minimum distance of 20 feet from that thing .
i 'm not subbed to her but the first thing i thought was the jenna marbles case .
it was a parent who drove them there and was non-chalant about the whole thing .
i still ca n't wrap my head around how people can think this is okay ! !
this is n't a neighbor popping by to borrow a cup of sugar these are randoms crossing the lines to invade your personal space .
seriously if anyone does n't realize it do n't show up at a stranger/infamous person 's house unannounced or an unorganized event or outing or call their number without permission .
you 'd think this stuff would be common knowledge nowadays but apparently it has to be said doing stuff like that is creepy .
if he 's practicing law without a license report him to the bar association for your state and he will go to jail .
i do agree that there were missed calls both ways and that we also played horribly that game there 's no way around that .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=after every major disaster we hear people who have survived say god is good and the praise goes to him. those who are religious can you explain to me how that works ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
just take any outfit and swap out the cargo shorts for flat fronts .
if the girls think the cargo shorts look nicer than the flat fronts then i will admit defeat .
work in a garage next door to tim hortons .
the log gives the ip address of the device so if i set every known device to a static ip via router settings that could help identify where it 's coming from .
greenlay ripping on russian goalies is pretty hilarious right now .
remember weinstein was very close with bill and hillary clinton .
get ready for pizzagate to unravel ! ! ! !
i 've had different favorites at different points in my life .
when i was a kid spider-man 2 was life .
later it was red dead redemption and more recently the last of us is really great .
i would say if you 're strong and do n't know a joseki you could actually play it accidentally '' if you understand the shape etc ...
do n't know if the same can happen in chess though .
what the hell difference does opting out and declining make ?
disabling the store is the exact same thing as just ignoring the lootboxes .
that part is n't worth an article in my opinion .
the cheating thing on pc obviously is a different story .
seems lik it is a painted copy do n't think you could do that from memory though unless you looked at the original for 5 hours straight everyday for a couple of months .
i somehow managed to resurrect one and he betrayed me instantly after reviving ... he was the called the ghost
in northern ireland we could get up to 8 channels 1-5 u.k. rte network 2 and one in irish that gave us a lot more choice which was nice
man there is such a difference between religion and really cherishing jesus above all else .
as a lover of jesus i hate the word christian i am sorry you encountered that dude all the other hypocrites like him and sorry for any sort of hurt the church has put you through .
not nice is n't a what he 's a who .
he 's a producer who makes the riddim '' or what you would call the instrumentals .
saying his name on the track is like paying your respect a shoutout if you will since you 're using his work .
i think msf have a bigger shot at taking a game of someone because of a strong early game than fnc .
i 'm not sold on fnc just yet but we 'll see .
if i were that squad lead i would simply throw a grenade and say woops .
chapel farm wellow near newark rent out their fields for festival style events
am i the only one who read that as china has been dumpling steel ... '' and thought ooh dumplings !
it looks like lots of bits of other buildings stuck together .
every opponent is a death sentence but at least we has early faults .
yeah i suspect it 's a hang over from when a pound was worth more and possibly in case someone does n't trust notes/scotland .
on the other hand if you betray the electorate then you destroy any remaining confidence in the system and people realise they are n't being listened to .
you 're acting so moral and virtuous over basically being anti-democratic .
tried to go through life with mental illness without meds or therapy .
i do n't want to be responsible for increasing anxiety levels but i will say this and leave it hanging there chop it in half and start in the middle .
i would prefer we but rng is still easy for fnatic china is so overrated ...
this is one of the reasons why i try to use either cartel market armor or some other armor that does n't change appearance from one side to the other ...
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
i am so doing that with my treelord ancient this year .
either you do n't know what a novel is or you 're being pedantic because there is n't a book called harry potter '' even though we all know what op means or this is some obscure reference that i do n't understand .
the guys that can think straight and not be such boxed modern sociopaths who think they are liberals or whaterver they think of theselves .
anyway they are just uneducated stupid ... kneelers they are .
so basically the plot of winter solider is happening irl .
i was hoping for the same thing and i went to see if she was in another musical but unfortunately her singing was voiced over
it 's also a few orders of magnitude smaller in scale than telling people not to travel here over .
... but once dead would provide quite a few meals .
ca n't be upset with 2 slams 2 masters and another slam final .
well done to roger for tonight though was awesome tennis
this is relevant to my world so could you tell me a bit more please ?
if soldiers were equipped with these kinds of shields could they still hold a long two-handed polearm like a pike ?
would it interfere with forming a pike square formation at all ?
if there are drawbacks would they be worth it for the protection the shield could provide if the formation broke down and the soldiers were forced into mêlée combat ?
it 's not exactly the same but here https youtu.be/fur6d6nemh8 is a piano cover of jini an ost from nisemonogatari that is quite similar to étoile et toi
yes it can map 1:1 but by default it 's scaled .
you only need to turn slightly to see 90° to the side .
but i will take a look at the nvidia control panel .
maybe there is something to change stuff like this there
buying a bitcoin is no difrerent from buying monopoly money .
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean think about all the scientists and potential scientists who were drafted and killed instead of continuing their work .
most people who died were first-world first-rate x young men about the most innovative people you could have .
think about all the research funding that went to the war instead of a university or a lab .
did n't say physics get much more attention because of its war applications ?
as far as i know the wars really contributed to a public perception that scientists/engineers mattered particularly in the somewhat anti-intellectual america .
browsing on phone missed the fact that it 's a video .
updating the web browser was really just a side effect of the update .
the main reason the update existed was to add a hey miiverse is n't a thing anymore '' message to the system 's ui files .
the latest browser was successfully exploited within a week of the update .
got ta practice with a bratwurst otherwise he might rip his dick off .
the actual cost to play the game is actually free sorry bud .
you do n't have to drop a penny on poe until you are pushing maps .
you could probably push well into the 90s with the default tabs if you knew how to prioritize loot and use acquisition .
there 's still a valid point that poe is a one time purchase of tabs whereas grim dawn is coming in with a model that is going to want you to continually re-up to get the new batch of content .
i prefer games that do n't stick a price tag on every content update .
dude me too i 've been shouting in my apartment for an hour
i beat him on the first try but only because i had a butt ton of revives .
i had to use on practically every turn until hydreigon missed an attack and my watchog was able to use hypnosis .
super fang then managed to hurt it enough for me to take it out .
but if i did n't have all those revives there 's no way i would have won .
na got the best possible draw yet again for the bracket .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
similar path here except i waited 20 years to go back to college and will be starting my mba next fall at 44 .
teams from the same group ca n't be on the same side .
you really think she was more qualified than say fdr ?
he has many hours in cs 1.6 and in csgo as well .
but you as a probably normal csgo player you ca n't understand .
and the thing that everyone complains it 's that he was manually banned without concrete evidence .
but you need to start from the premises that everyone is actually correct not 'guilty ' .
i think of myself as pretty tech savvy but the content cop video from the other day has shown me that there 's an entire other fucking world of youtube self-promotion douchebaggery that i did n't really know existed until a few days ago .
honestly i was better off not knowing about it .
these kids think that because they can convince retarded teenagers to watch them that they 're doing something important when in reality most of them probably wo n't make it to 35 before their untimely '' death by od or drunk driving accident .
there is a subreddit you can try called r/dmdadjokes as well as r/puns and r/jokes .
the thing with puns is that they only work when they fit the context it is n't something you can just write down a few off and then read them whenever .
being clever depends on timing and relevance so just practise a lot and you should be fine .
that wave after he signs the camera is my fave 💕💕
why not buff the other pistols instead of nerfing the commissioner
usd value on coins with no usd pairing is a little ridiculous and only relevant when you want to cash out .
btc value shows the actual rise vs. btc the only pairing so will show a theoretical rise in market cap ranks .
i step in wet sand n got succed in now m stucc
looking at the movement of it it 's moving more east looks like the uk will get it more than us .
little bit of olive oil some salt and a big kettle and you have dinner !
and if you are doing that it makes more sense to apply for a lost/duplicate title and do the transfer the normal way .
basically you are saying you are the real owner of the car with a bonded title .
if someone comes along and says they are the owner they can make a claim on the bond .
it might become flight ready sooner than the mechanics to use it are made ready .
in the recent atv they talked about the delta patcher letting them add content as soon as its available .
even if salvage mechanics arnt fone letting us fly it would mean we can help polish the ship make change suggestions and make hype for those mechanics
went there recently for the first time in many years and holy shit i have never had worse meat .
hell yeah boi 3 god travis ryan is playing on repeat dd
this was the tweak that i wanted most ever since ios 10 fucked up notifications .
pyramids of giza are also a pyramid scheme and a representation of civilization .
i do something kinda similar it 's good to see someone else posting their strategy .
you might catch the bus sooner than me with yours .
i found this combination a good way to find potential stocks with a good future
i found a few using this method i edit the industry '' though to narrow down choices .
for instance vicr looks pretty interesting in the link i posted .
i 'd read the news of it next to see why it 's gone up so much recently .
my question for you though is what do you use to look at premarket data ?
the service i used to use shut down and i have n't found a replacement for it .
thinkorswim 's premarket data is a bit annoying to sift through and does n't seem to tell me change .
but i 'd consider running some missions from the space station .
also grabbing nanites by repairing damaged equipment while wandering around planets is quite helpful for purchasing more blueprints again from the station and in particular the flora and fauna multitool upgrades if you do n't have them already .
with that i 'm also making circuit boards for stasis devices .
note that circuit boards are worth around a mil each .
so there are other ways to make a reasonable amount of money without the investment needed to go the whole way to make stasis devices and fusion igniters or even circuit boards .
for the 2 mil products you need a lot of fungal mold to make the atmospheric harvesters so that 's something you need to gather or grow if you go that route .
the harvesters also need heat capacitors like the circuit boards so since you are making circuit boards you 're already part way there .
however you only need the fungal mold to set things up .
once you have the harvesters you need you can switch to growing or gathering something else unless you want to make fusion igniters which also need fungal mold for acid like the harvesters .
if u get a touchdown do u go for 2 ?
30 centimeter flex tape '' just does n't have the same ring to it .
btw congrats for realizing you are being ripped off by these fees and learning to invest yourself .
1 does n't sound like much but it matters in the long run .
highly recommend hannibal which is close but much more trippy in tone and fargo which is comedic but very dark esp .
i 'm not used to seeing puck work like this until 1/3 of the season is underway ...
if only i could get van helsing to work right or run faster than a slug .
i had lots of practice without trying to as a kid .
this is not true at all the cut '' he demanded was to get even more out of them since he knew he could n't recover everything they 'd scam so he got as much as he possibly could and returned everything to the original owners .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
it 's like having a halloween game without a part 3 michael myers !
i always associate that slugfest with light and darkness '' so it slipped my mind ...
n tabs means you are in the nth nested lexical scope and everyone can make the indentation as wide or narrow as they want it to look locally .
and generally when discussions of tabs or spaces come up people are not talking about meaningful whitespace .
i would not do the former and i do n't think that is preferred stylistically in haskell at all .
i was certainly talking about thinks like aligning on equals in let or where bindings .
thank you for going back to find the original comment .
i tried finding it on this sub and did n't see it .
the only people on right now are the few people that paid 100 for the game .
most people that have the game are setting up career and universe modes .
considering how much food we throw out i do n't see why we ca n't be self-sufficient in this area to be honest .
food self-sufficiency means only eating things that can be produced in australia .
and yes that probably includes some kinds of bread and some kinds of cheese .
rules reminder r/justnomil does not tolerate shaming or trolling of any kind .
if anyone gets a pm from iznotiz thebroodybaron or another troll click here .
https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/wiki/trolls do n't report things just because you do n't like or believe them. https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=slkao_pox5a .
do n't be shitty https media.giphy.com/media/l3v0csobfjvvnsszu/giphy.gif this is a support sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justnomil if you have any questions or concerns .
i learned this the hard way because i did n't know what a fade entailed and accidentally got a 3 done on nearly half of my head with a gentleman 's cut .
we 're 4/11 on fgs and he just missed two 30yds
yes dairy can be a cause for acne because of hormones but do you need to comment on every single post ?
plus he was extremely rude calling people pizza face '' and saying people are ugly for having acne .
he also thinks masturbating causes acne so no he did n't speak the actual truth all of the time .
i think so if it keeps going at its current pace .
incel is a redpill subsidiary interesting that you put it first in your list .
saint martinez has blessed us on this great la night
if you 're selling consoles to afford more than you may need to evaluate your purchases a little better before making them .
saw that others have suggested the stones are raising ph and that is definitely a factor .
if your water is 8.2 out of the tap you will get curling on the tips of your betta 's fins like this http aquariumfish.net/images_01/red_betta_120710a3_w0640.jpg
however 8.2 is not a ridiculous amount to overcome with something like seachem acid buffer especially if you cut your water with 50 r.o .
i 've been using the acid buffer for a year to keep my ph at 6.6-6.8 from 7.6 and have been very happy with the results .
describing the two major recent reforms in india demonetisation and goods and services tax gst as a monumental effort lagarde said it is hardly surprising that there is a little bit of a short-term slowdown '' as a result .
indian economy on 'very solid track ' imf chief lagarde
days after the international monetary fund imf lowered its growth forecast for the current and the next year imf chief christine lagarde said the indian economy is on a very solid track '' in the mid-term .
in the mid term ... in the short run we are all fucked
went to farmer markets during the weekends to promote gardening .
had an education program teaching kids to grow their own food and elderly people to grow their own herbs/tea .
the pages are really thick parchment-like stuff and it 's absolutely beautifully illustrated .
he was definitely the one the held me the longest on the second island .
i ended up completing him with the standard shot and the one that curves back around and deals more damage .
there a special place for people like you in hell
your submission appears to be a question about new york .
we encourage you to post your question to the r/asknyc community instead whose subscribers are eagerly standing by to answer it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nyc if you have any questions or concerns .
even when you do graduate your not really technically an engineer until you have your p.eng .
you 're as much as a certified engineer as a freshman
3 use the menu to find and open your old qb file
then the file will update to the newer version .
im 4/24 and looking at some big purchases soon .
he does some heavy lifting intellectually but it tends to pay off .
i find his theism a little too humanist to really feel like sincere religious belief but i like so much of what he says that i 'm not willing to throw out the baby with the bath water .
whenever people support her just for the sake of having a female president i ask them how familiar they are with south korea 's first woman president .
yeah iphones and current model galaxy s notes sell like hotcakes .
they 're your best bet if you plan to sell your device down the road they definitely still depreciate quite quickly but most other models are essentially worthless after a year .
you should be able to get a timestamp accurate to the nearest second right ?
it could be interesting to see the set of messages sorted by time of day and plotted each hour or so the times your posts were visible should provide at least a solid few hours of data and the times of day users are on reddit might say interesting things about them .
any suggestions for types of paints that have worked best for you ?
they sound like they have a cotton balls stuffed in their mouths while talking .
i love discovery but the klingon sections are really starting to bother me if they switched to english so they stopped butchering the klingon language then it might be much better imo .
in star trek there were many times the klingons were alone and speaking english this is for the benefit of the viewer so they do n't have to read long dialog subtitle .
they used subtitles in start trek in the past but for very short dialog sequences .
i really hope they do a overhaul on the klingons in season 2 i do n't care if they change the look/how they speak this late but this was a horrible choice .
at the very least they need to introduce a different faction of klingons that look and talk like they use to in tos or tng but really anything would be better than this .
i love discovery but the new klingons bother me to the point i might just skip their parts or just not read their subtitles .
dammmmn you focus groups you always ruin everything cool .
now i just need a snow camo suit to go with it
she could probably do that even if she were n't fat !
yes and no while you may be able to pull it off working long hours while in school will result in an impact in grades or not doing ambitious projects not being able to document said projects etc etc .
if a company filters out candidates by gpa you put yourself at risk not to mention at the risk of burn out .
source worked 50 hours a week while going to school full time for exactly 1 semester the toll on my health that term took was ludicrous would not recommend .
kings just won and they probably will be happy and not alert and we 'll beat the shit out of them tomorrow
i mean maybe but tw turbines are hard to get a biomass for
dude you 're kind of in the wrong here .
honor or not you 're either gon na end up stealing his kill or getting revenge for the enemy .
oh i dunno does n't sound too different from my first relationship .
seriously though i hope you can get past it .
put it on the table without dumping all your feelings .
otherwise i think i 'd feel a little overwhelmed and pressured .
she does n't want this as much as you do .
his skill build is awkward and his item timings are incredelously slow .
just my opinion as a tinker spammer at mid 4k
i 'm also nc20 25 i just hate that it 's so fragranced tbh .
i have dry skin so other bronzers look like trash in my skin .
the hype is real it 's the best bronzer i 've ever tried
your submission has been automatically removed by automoderator because you have low comment karma .
r/newtubers wants you as an active contributor but right now your comment karma is too low !
we do n't allow users with less than 10 comment karma to post self-promotion threads so that you read through the newtubers rules https www.reddit.com/r/newtubers/comments/52atut/newtubers_rules_v21 and understand our subreddit etiquette .
try commenting in other threads talking with the community and giving some meaningful feedback first !
the more helpful you are to others the faster you 're allowed to post !
you may comment in feedback friday threads or any unofficial critique threads so long as you follow the specific rules for those threads i.e .
you must give feedback within that thread in order to post your own link .
you also are allowed to post your own link if somebody else asks you to in a thread .
check out our website fetch http www.veryfetch.net for up-to-date tutorials tools tips exclusive discounts and more !
if what you 're looking for is n't there suggest it to us !
want to meet befriend and possibly collaborate with other newtubers ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/newtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
man blaming nigh-failed states for incredibly grand schemes is getting really old..
apple tv 42 tv ota antenna and a roku we do n't use .
i go with nameless midnight and last hope or last dance d. nameless outguns mida hard it 's better in almost every way imo .
or be a meta troll and use origin story the fwc scout origin is uriel and fwc scout is mida minus third eye .
if you use it with hunter helm it just is mida lol
kwam ik gister laat terug aan op t station bleek ik m'n fietssleutel te zijn verloren .
heb nu wel geleerd hoe makkelijk het eigenlijk is om een fiets te stelen zolang je iedereen maar vertelt dat het echt die van jou is maar op slot .
bant doesnt need any sb cheeses cards to beat e-tron it just beats it regardless
in australia it has to get a special event licence .
there not subject to the car testing of other cars for example .
i would love a stella and have put a lot of time into the design of my own car but need at lease 25 efficiency before i put more effort into it .
i missed kickoff in a rocketleague match because of this name .
if they ca n't do it they 'll know who can
well our capital is csilla a cold frozen planet in the 'unknown regions ' i was an admiral in the cedf and have since been a champion for our partnership with the republic our ascendancy was beset on all sides by pirates and raiders but has been helped by the republic ''
that 's the only way they try to use to defend their racist backward shitfuck views
not my favorite but i came up with a set for heracross .
a move that gradually deals more damage and knockback as heracross takes damage .
the animation resembles pit 's upperdash arm but with heracross remaining in place instead of moving forward .
if used in midair it causes freefall and if it sends heracross into a wall he 'll become stuck similar to luigi 's green missile .
it 's basically corrin 's up b but it covers more distance and has a higher damage output .
heracross locks on to the nearest opponent and charges at them with said opponent being surrounded by a thick black outline to indicate that they are going to be hit .
deals more damage and knockback to opponents in the air .
a move that sends any opponent caught in its path to a different location similar to captain falcon or duck hunt 's final smashes .
in this case heracross pulls out a fightinium z crushes it with his fist and absorbs the z-power which causes a red shockwave to burst from his body .
any opponent hit by the red shockwave which travels around the same distance as zss 's uncharged neutral b is transported to the same rocky landscape seen in the cinematic for the z-move all-out pummeling .
heracross will then proceed to use all-out pummeling on any opponents that are unfortunate enough to be caught in his final smash before sending them back to the normal stage and launching them away .
the move does 60 in total 10 from the shockwave and 50 from the z-move .
it also reveals that the bittrex lawyers do not believe dnt is a security
you do n't have to pay for the stuff in the dumpster .
giving money to childless women will not only allow women to compete on equal footing with males but also solve our overpopulation problem and prevent more resource-draining parasites from weighing down our social safety net . ''
well done and a great shot of two very well kept pistols .
ya the reason i 'm liking it is because the 60 and 14ff got hung up a lot in my k1500 even on 37s
i 'm guessing it 's best buy having a go at their consumers then .
makes sense i 've seen them do this before .
basically single-handedly turned the tv show extras from a goofy mildly cynical comedy into a bleak tragedy about adults failing to live up to their goals and values .
this is what i was here to say there is something super satisfying about this unexpected end
people said the same thing about driskel and look a decent coach turns him into a good college qb that 's sitting on an nfl roster .
we need coaches that can develop a qb and design a game plan and playbook around them .
if that dog were serious that cat would n't have intestines .
there is no argument i posted the video of the discussion that directly follows the linked film and that the linked film was meant to provoke .
the video i linked was the main course and the op the appetizer he told me to stop spamming when i was doing people a favour so yeah i told him what i thought of him and his comment lol
i do n't appreciate being told to stop spamming after making sure people had/saw the full footage especially as the host did a good job of refuting her argument
you should tell the foreman of whoever put the bricks that way that it 's a tripping hazard .
but it would also be evil to warn no one about the tripping hazard !
it seems like you both did respect each other 's boundaries .
i was more thinking of hotel rooms and restaurants and airports having wireless chargers built into night stands or tables .
nope sadly this was covered under the aos faq page five .
that 's true but that 's the reason why i 've used the array prefix in the function name .
maybe i should implement a more generic version but sometimes programmers have enough context information to choose very specific functions that can save cpu time .
in fact there is something that is bothers me a little bit more the return type .
i 'm returning an array instead of a generator to keep compatibility '' with the other array functions .
eh i kind of figured the whole point of randomized weapon sets and an ability free uniform was to put everyone on equal footing .
this would ruin the point and i doubt they would never do it
i also ca n't ever see them having different abilities cost different amounts even if they did do this .
this would imply that some abilities are better than others which is something they would try to avoid since ideally they 're all supposed to be balanced and equally viable not to mention that these rankings seem highly suspect imo but that 's beside the point
better than huni despite what the scoreline tells you .
using socd for dp inputs is pretty common though there 's no need to separate the down and back input timings .
hitbox players have been doing that as long as socd has been a thing .
bear in mind that you do n't have to press all the way down to trigger the input your fingers should lightly bounce off rather than slamming down .
but since there is no nsfl tag the nsfw tag is used for both purposes .
good points will totally keep a good care of it .
but you have from the home team so that makes it okay ?
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=whats the biggest break you 've gotten in life ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i love horror movies so i experience this quite often .
go to emergency right now for all we know that duck 's ducking mouth could 've been anywhere they will give you an appropriate medicine injection .
if you fell down and have bruises they might give you an anti-tetanus as well .
next time you see a big duck running at you it 's time to become roberto carlos and kick it to eternity ... . or at least to the nearest goal post .
do n't be ridiculous watford were n't even in the prem 5 years ago
well it reminds you to run back to your office and grab your umbrella before you go all the way down to the ground floor .
and if this is japan than you absolutely can not be late and you also probably also waited to the last minute to leave the office because that is how we does things here .
well of course because he was on two popular teams speaks english and was a very good player on fnatic and immortals .
we conceded two goals with ozil on the pitch .
he 's no better than the rest at the monent .
i think blaming this sport for becoming hyper-political '' is pretty rich .
the players and the league are reacting and acting in line with to the state of the country at the moment .
hey sdsu when you mess with the king you better not miss .
now i 'm gon na like this bulldog and this ram finish you off .
relatively shady looking door leads me to believe this is no satire
thank you and this is based on the same class or is it account wide only the first completion gets the powerful '' buff ?
in theory this is right as there is no sleeve to soak up pit sweat .
the fact that city have a ridiculous squad depth and can score 6 goals even when jesus is rotated or plays only like 45-50 mins .
attend jalt events symposia at the universities that offer ma tesol .
your post has been removed for the following reason s
this post is being removed because it is frankly speaking bad legal advice .
either it is inapplicable for the jurisdiction in which op resides or misunderstands the fundamentals of the applicable legal issues .
if you feel this was in error message the moderators .
the team with murky can just draft a strong 4-man valla/double support brokeback and still do decently in skirmishes .
i figure you could phrase it in a way that allowes multiple uses like we have n't been subpoenad this year '' but the agencies would be all over you for that given they are fighting canaries as they are .
it seems like you 're trying to equate sex to gender .
gender is primarily social and psychological and exists as a spectrum .
sex on the other hand is biological and is somewhat relevant to gender but in a peripheral sort of way in that it has a relationship to gender while being distinct from it .
the fun part is that because of subsidies you and your non-wind power neighbors both already pay an addition who-knows-how much extra in tax money .
it will definitely feel huge at first but you might get used to it .
196 in is very long for a car overall .
if you want something a bit smaller the volvo v60 and vw alltrak are n't that much longer than your s40 .
if the tour x feels too big then those are your best options .
would you know does using the iris scanner more frequently make it better to detect my iris in the long run ?
big result for napoli especially with juve losing could be a bit more interesting than juve running away with it this season !
baby carrots with peanut butter are my go to at home and when i 'm travelling for work
op has no idea even that he 's definitely cheated or that the baby 's his .
idk it was weird before this he kept saying all the stuff he wanted to do to me and basically begging for us to facetime and jack off together .
he would often compliment me but i suppose you 're right he probably just saw this as an experiment and a way to get off quick .
it 's always convenient '' when someone in politics is caught doing something wrong .
the interesting thing here is that the conspiracy sub only does this when it 's a conservative politician .
the liberal mayor that got caught recently certainly did n't get this same vigorous defense from them .
i think it its unreasonable to fly all the way back especially for something like that .
i leaned on alcohol quite a bit when sleep was most elusive .
i got the text message that everyone was complaining about around two weeks ago and at that point i asked other people why they would send it so late .
i think at this stage people are just trying to make a point .
really though saf does n't have to fight off a full-force invasion in all likelyhood .
no resources not closely aligned with anyone who 's likely to use its ports not much offensive capability etc .
on the other side of it for all it may not be able to hold off a full-scale assault by a major nation there 's enough advanced weapons and military trained personnel to make an invasion a potential danger and massive pain .
sg does n't have to be a fortress it just has to be too tough a nut to crack to be worth it .
that 's all i made him do as well .
i suppose he can be useful to powerchain a magicite .
i wish i could play all the mario games on my pc without buying funny consoles
did you miss the part where the us owes them half a billion ?
as for influence you are heavily overestimating the influence of trump 's america internationally .
i an age with greatly reduced rights in the work place we ask ourselves how bad can things get ?
well in the above article ice is arresting human beings a fellow human can not be an illegal because they have humans rights by default and then forcing them to work in jobs in the us against their will .
the tzm movement understands this and purposes a world system that through automation of labour and freedom want and the root of all evil monetarism that we may finally be emancipate ourselves and become free persons .
when we make money from the labour of others it is all too easy for our morals to break down in the effort to extract more work from others .
i have been on both ends of this and although i have a good sense of justice and even gave guys working for me the choice of what work they wanted and when they can take their own breaks it still was coercion .
i told them to go here and they did and i told them to over there and they did that .
these can also include more mundane issues such as zero hour contracts being a no rights contractor a foreign worker with no social safety need even though you pay your taxes it may include unsafe work places that let you experience injury and death to people right in front of you .
in summary do n't stop believing there is a better way to live our lives there is always more we can do for one another .
that what the meaning of tzm is better more human economic systems to free our fellow human beings and not to continue to enslave ourselves .
be kind ... keep dreaming and act on them .
i prefer it for the taste to soft water but i guess that 's just because i grew up in a hard water area .
it only builds up like that because the water is boiled away leaving behind the dissolved minerals kind of like how they get sea salt out of sea water .
i realise it 's probably just because morata 's english is n't quite up to scratch yet but all the best '' is an interesting choice of words ...
no ones ever going to lose their houses or their life savings again .
i 'll take one large chicken and seaweed pizza .
no i go on to mention a system that has been warped by some greedy people who were allowed too much power .
sure but only one side fired into the crowd with guns and drove a car into a group of people and killed one .
i do n't know anyone who said there was n't violence on both sides .
i should probably come up and visit the city to get a sense of it .
due to continuous abuse by spammers links to instagram are no longer allowed on r/fitness except for form checks in the daily thread and the self-promotion saturday thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
sniper is the best clubs for shootouts in my opinion if you are good at calculating the wind .
the guardian is ok too but there are some weird elevations in t7 shootouts and sometimes you can screw up easy shots especially if you put backspin above 5 bars .
sniper 8 has 5 backspin too and the ball guide is a lifesaver
i beleive ana says she was put into the quarantined environment when she was eight .
i think the orphanage memory is actually hers and she was moved to the quarantine after she was beaten by the other orphans freysa et al would have realised that the orphanage cover left her too vulnerable .
when k is reviewing the dna records and sees the boy and girl had the same dna he says it 's impossible and the girl died genetic disorder ... syndrome ... did anyone catch what syndrome he mentioned ?
later when freysa and k meet k says that rachel had a son and freysa says something like that is only part of the story instead of flatly saying she did not have a son ... so i do n't know it 's possible that there is actually a son and also that the son is k ... but it 's left pretty open
inflated salaries leads to poor work ethic and getting comfortable in your mediocrity
why bother tryharding '' when you can just do fine in your region
i would n't be that surprised if bjergsen ears more than faker
i 'm a csgo dude i 'm not up to date on lol besides lck and worlds
i think you can be direct but still gentle in this case .
something like i 've really felt the absence of my mom since son was born .
i 'm so grateful we have you in our lives but my mom is 'grandma ' to me even if she is filling that role from heaven/the next life/whatever .
is there a name besides grandma that you 'd like son to call you ?
i associate nana with a kind and warm grandmother figure which is why i suggested it but if you do n't love that we can definitely find another . ''
well if we organized online to subvert authority instead of arguing over who 's titty trump grabbed that would be a lot more productive .
we all want the same thing which is life to suck less and if we work together we can figure out how .
i found that 's true unless you specifically want to be a web dev or back end dev .
you ca n't simply know html or css really well and think you can pick up java or c in a day .
same with back end devs you ca n't just think you 'll know web dev because you 're a master of lower level languages .
i think that skill is translatable across either high level or lower level languages .
i think even if i got bored with the events which i 'm not yet then i 'd take new things added to old events over new events because the overwatch team is probably putting those resources to use elsewhere on brand new maps .
yeah i 'm already omega as i 'm pretty sure i like the game .
i just want to find the lid for the barrel close her up in it and roll it away .
im online lets trade and text me back i added you
as you 're casually browsing you seem to notice stuff about demos for one of the upcoming genm corp games set to be released early next year
seems like too small a number of people to worry about some people realize medicine is n't for them and move on that 's fine .
i think there are more people that drop out of medicine go onto other things besides business and probably even more who commit suicide sadly .
if we want to discuss shortages of doctors due to med students not continuing on to clinical care maybe a bigger concern is those who stay in academics .
the thousands of med students who take up classroom space take residency spots but barely undertake clinical duties due to doing mostly research as an attending .
having said that i always wonder about the doctor shortage everyone always mentions granted i have n't looked deeply into it .
but running the numbers based on the us population and number of practicing physicians there should be nearly enough doctors .
the problem seems to be more about distribution and access due to location or insurance .
oh ... '' i do n't know how i should have taken that but i feel i might have offended him .
good job kim ... is this y-your room ? ''
i probably could have figured it out without asking oh well .
i camped behind the revolving doors right next to the glass every time .
wait for about 10 seconds and two enemies would try to come through .
too bad my teams fell for the same traps .
no idea tbh surely a vaccination being a disease would work pretty much anywhere ?
try vassal http vassal40k.tripod.com there are a few zips of icons and stuff that would be passable .
it has n't worked in the west it wo n't work here .
japanese people used to bring psp for their social gaming with monster hunter i doubt switch is any different in term of carrying additional gadget after phone..
right now switch is scarcely available in japan but this will change soon .
speaking of 3ds do you notice that japanese developers still make games for it ?
they prefer taking their time before jumping into the next console as well aka switch
having your eyes basically extended out of your head by a few centimeters is enough to screw with how your brain judges distance .
in contrast with the monocular ones it 's absolutely impossible .
buy btc at https bitoasis.net/en then trade at any other exchange for bch .
i was 9 years old and saw scanners in the theater .
so you are willing to be one of millions showing your views on social media with no garunteed outcome but you are unwilling to be one of millions using your vote which has a garunteed if minor outcome .
the point is that you either need planeloads of american cash or you do n't .
well i like your non-answer answer better than his anyway homie
fintech is the fastest moving in the uk london specifically but still .
i 'm sure brexit will change that which is a shame but at least we 're well on our way .
great exchange rates and use it at home to see my spending with live updates to my phone .
use my amex for big purchases or purchases i make often where accepted .
cash only in my wallet as a backup have n't touched it since i put it there .
anyone have tips for cleaning my desk/surroundings after the mouse has presumably touched everything ?
the best item for trading is gryphonskin strap because it does not need any additional item to craft have an 1:1 crafting unlike rosegold and darksteel etc exchange rate unlike tomato or spirit of salt and it do n't rely on an unspoiled node .
this is inconsistent at best and you get screwed out of it by other people farming them at worst .
something like spruce plywood requires 2 prerequisite crafts however the spruce logs are gathered in good numbers and they were very cheap on the mb a few days back and the aldgoat horns are bought directly from kobolds .
this assumes you 've unlocked kobolds and might require them to be at a certain level but leveling beast tribes for crafting materials is good practice anyway .
the drop rate of demimateria after 100 skill and hq tinker 's calm is evaluated with an empirical test .
the cost of the tinker 's calm and bacon soup is then completely ignored both in gil and in time .
in practice especially when acquiring both these items it 'll be nowhere close to 367k/hour .
further note that is not mentioned desynthing artisan 's spectacles can give rose gold nuggets which are directly crafted into rose gold cog to be traded into more spectacles at a 2:1 ratio .
this is most likely not worth the price as nuggets are very expensive right now but you should weigh the pros and cons of price and time investment for yourself .
edit and for anyone wishing to do this but without having leveled desynth get brass ring of crafting from independent jewelers in a city-state until you 're 42ish on desynth then swap to electrum ring of crafting which can be bought in ishgard .
this will last you until you can do artisan 's spectacles at 85 or so at which point you 'll be well-set to start trying for them .
i want to try to buy tickets tomorrow for jingle ball at madison square garden in ny so i can see taylor perform but i ca n't find the face value prices anywhere .
as the title says i decided to give a new genre of gaming a chance .
i 'm a big fan of obsidian games and i had to give tyranny a go .
i wanted to get a challenge from the game so i opted for medium difficulty .
now the game is beginning to kick my ass 3 hours in and it feels like i have n't a clue as to what i 'm doing from a strategic point of view .
can anyone give any recommendations for a noob to the genre ?
i also have pillars of eternity and i want to try that too if i can get better at these types of games .
i 've written and deleted this in many forms the past weeks ... a text she sent me last week finally made me do it .
i just want it off my chest ca n't share it with anyone in my personal life .
our parents were great friends back home in mexico .
they just happened to run into each other in a busy street in down town l.a. we did n't really pay much attention to each other then .
but our families started hanging out nearly every weekend after that encounter .
the kids me my sister her and her brother .
after a couple of years when our families stopped hanging out so much .
i started making the 3 hour bus trip every weekend just to see her .
our parents knew there was chemistry between us late night talks over the phone and such .
thankfully she did n't make a huge deal out of it .
it 's not like she wanted to take things further anyways .
her father a super serious and short tempered guy started calling me his future son inaw .
every moment me and her spent together it just seemed so magical .
in the silliness of our youth we promised to always be there for each other .
by the time i was 17 things started unraveling for us .
we had very diffrent groups of friends i was into the whole graffiti crews scene .
on a july 4th night we had a huge argument .
she had become insanely beautiful guys always tried getting her attention .
jeleaous of the guy who always pestered her to give him a chance angry that because i lived a city away i was n't around as much .
now that i think abou it it would n't of mattered even if i lived next door .
she wanted to be someone in life get an education .
she did n't want to be like the norm her cousins had established .
pregnant with an abusive partner high school dropouts or weed fiends .
we talked eventually started dating before you knew it we were engaged .
i proposed on a christmas night when we were both 20 .
by this time i had beaten a drug addiction with her full love and support .
a month after our engagement our son was conceived .
in the past 10 years we have gone trough alot .
everyone in the company except me and another guy were let go .
it was a very stressfull moment she wanted to drop out of her university studies to get a job .
i refused which also led to arguments between us .
there were many times were we ended up selling personal possessions to make ends meet .
and then our son had surgery thankfully everything went smooth .
she took a semester off school and with the support of our family specifically my sister in law god bless her we pulled through .
finally she got her degree it was n't what she really aimed for but it still made her happy to know she did it .
i stood in the mirror and looked at myself i looked at her and became unhappy with what i saw .
we were young attractive her more than me admittedly we used be out there enjoying life our sex life had taken a slump .
everything improved my attraction to her both physically and emotionally grew .
and then then she found lumps in her right breast .
her face the fear it had when they took her into the prep room for or away from me .
always at her side always attentive to her needs .
i bumped into her in a busy downtown street in l.a. not far from where we first laid eyes on each other .
she was still as beautiful as the last time i saw her .
she was there buying treats for her little girls birthday .
i was alone looking for a good deal on a sound system on my truck .
her brother tried to act like a cartel guy got himself busted and spent seven years in jail .
her parents had separated after he caught her in bed with someone else .
apparently he kicked the guys ass got himself arrested lost his green card and was deported .
the one that always asked to give him a chance left her for another woman .
she invited me to her kids birthday which me and my wife attended .
i have n't seen her since but we 've talked and texted .
you see even while married i sometimes dreamed her .
even if it was just an innocent text i ca n't risk going any further into the rabbits hole .
i 've never laid a hand on her never cussed at her never cheated .
but i know myself i know my weakness and that woman who is a major part of my past is one of them .
she is the girl of my dreams but not the one i love .
just placed my order for the pixel 2 xl .
loosing that earphone jack from my nexus 6p is a pain for me because i dont really use my headphone for anything more than listening to podcasts on the train to/from work and occasionally taking calls or listening to music once every month maybe .
when i was on the wired set i found a sweet spot of about 15 to 20 dollar earbuds usually skullcandy on sale .
i did n't have to worry about selling my car if i lost them and they werent so cheap that they 'll break down within a 6 months and i 'll have to just keep replacing them .
i understand the value of great sound i have a bunch of expensive speakers and mixing headphones for other circumstances but for my phone i just want something simple functional and has some value .
i 'm canadian so i included the canadian prize for amazon.ca
once every few weeks i get inspired by posts here to try my hand at something more beautiful than a vanilla city .
i hop on the workshop download everything the guy used and try my best for a couple of hours but hang up in frustration .
what would you recommend to a newcomer as some essential mods to begin tinkering with the vanilla game in a way that is n't too overwhelming ?
these timelapse videos on youtube handle more like photoshop than a video game with all of the dropdown menus and special windows for design tinkering .
i started smoking pot with a pax2 after i was diagnosed with multiple tumors .
i have a guy that gets the weed for me but the pot sucks compared to what he charges for it .
i live in a state where cannabis is illegal .
i 've since had the softball sized tumor removed now however i still have a smaller tumor in my left lung they wo n't remove unless it metastasis .
so the pax2 is probably not the smartest thing for me to do anymore but still my only option at the moment .
someone told me to go to the dark web where i could get high quality stuff safely sent to my house .
i was also told to consider other options with how i ingest it that would be safer for me and less conspicuous .
but i have no clue what the best options are for me or where to get it .
is the dark web a real thing i can get quality stuff safely ?
what would you suggest for an older and inexperienced guy like me in my condition .
this post is not a joke from a child .
if you 're not comfortable with answering me in this post please dm me .
i just upgraded to 11.0.3 and the first pokémon i was able to catch on the first buzz versus having it buzz 3 times .
i 'm not in a heavy spawn area in my house so i have n't tried it on others but if someone is stuck on 11 can you confirm by upgrading to 11.0.3 ?
it 's not fixed.. my first pokemon was one buzz but that may have been an anomaly because everything since has taken the usual 3 buzz pokemon 4 buzz for poke stop .
it 's not all that uncommon to be the only one at a pe now .
once in awhile you 'll see the gamertags nearby but many times they do n't join .
seems like it 'd be a good way to build the community even more .
please list your ll and psn username below for invite
i 'm a huge fan of batman in the new 52 and i 've read the court of owls and death of the family story lines so far .
i 've decided to reread the whole run and wanted to also read any tie ins that may be available .
what i 'm wondering is how much the other bat titles tie in to this run .
how closely related are detective comics and batman in the new 52 ?
should i be reading them back to back by release date ?
bonus how are the other bat titles in 52 ?
it 's a vaping gear from china costs around 55-60 usd they will send it to me for free and they gon na ship 3 units of it .
any other suggestions other than mark as gift and devalue the items below 50 usd ?
up for sale is a black moto 360 first generation smartwatch .
runs perfectly updated to latest available android wear version 1.4 and battery lasts all-day and even longer depending on use .
what 's included recently purchased rerii black silicone strap https www.amazon.com/motorola-watchbands-rerii-breathable-waterproof/dp/b00x6le85s which is super comfortable and waterproof charger charge cable and original box .
the mini usb charging wire it came with does n't work the best so i 've been using a spare one i have around .
there is slight wear on the caseback and around the bevel but nothing overtly wrong with the watch 's appearance .
there is pixel loss at the 5 o'clock 7 o'clock and 9 o'clock areas on the screen .
with a black background however this is not even noticeable and does not impact functionality see pictures .
should i drop him or hold onto him and see if he can make a return at the end of the season ?
listening to the bonus episode of cbb this week .
scott mentions that there are a number of episodes that either did n't get recorded or were shelved .
i know this an unpopular opinion and i know it 's just a little girls show but here is my reason why i disagree with people saying it 's better than other shows rated tv-y .
honestly it 's no different than the typical little kid shows on nick jr .
pretty much all of them can be summed up in one word .
just like any other badly made nick jr. show the characters are flat and have been done before .
the show structure is repetitive there 's always a moral '' or what i 've learned today '' at the end .
you always know how the story is going to wrap up .
the conflict feels pointless because you all know how it 's gon na go out .
almost all of the stories and plots have been done before by yup other children shows .
the humor seems to pretty much appeal to little kids under the age of 6 .
and please do not give me that they make adult jokes so it 's not just for little girls ! ! ''
i 've seen plenty of children 's cartoons that did sneak in adult jokes and way better than this shitty show did .
that does n't mean those shows and this show is for adults too just because of some jokes .
the characters are flat and boring because these kind of characters are easy for little kids to identify .
the humor is cheesy and unfunny to older people because it 's little kid humor .
the story is structured and repetitive because that is what appeals to little children .
from the toys the merchandise the movies it all makes sense .
mlp fi m is a franchise that is just one big cliche in children 's entertainment it checks off all the cliches of one and does pretty much nothing new which makes it shitty .
and i thought bronies could at least accept opinions .
it 's not lag from ping it just stutters a bit and is laggy ?
we thought it was a uti she was on antibiotics uti went away .
they did an ultrasound on her bladder and nothing abnormal .
our next step is to get her scoped and if that does n't work we are considering a university for medication what the doctor recommended
our doctor seems flabbergasted he ca n't figure this out .
was wondering if anyone has had a similar problem or has any possible ideas as to what may be going on .
i am new to trading and i need a little help with the price of things .
i understand everything is based of of 20xx and 20xx 1x but what i dont get is how many crates would that be .
for example how many crates is 0.1x or 0.4x and also what crates are the better crates because i understand that a lot of people dont want overdrives right now .
some please help me with this it would be much appreciated .
for those major gods do we capture all three souls for all three upgrades ?
or just one of them and need to capture again if we switch back to it ?
i 'm attempting to do some of the mechanical work myself however i need to get an alignment and some exhaust work done .
i 'm keeping the car stock and the exhaust is rough .
i know some shops are hesitant to install customer supplied parts however the stock replacement from rockauto is about 100 .
anyone have any good mom and pop exhaust shops nearby ?
if the price is reasonable i wouldnt mind them replacing the whole exhaust from the downpipe back .
on the medium and hard boss fights for the megapithecus does he still hit you off the back of your rex ?
so if you 've seen any of my recent videos they lack visual aid .
i tried a new way of doing my videos involving gifs and still-screens but the gifs i used ended up being much more laggy/static-y than i hoped in the actual video .
i think there might be too much going on in this video maybe only have one gif going next time .
i see that it 's become very popular and it looks like the art style may be fun .
its community is starting to delve into the dark area where only fnaf undertale etc .
i just bought a house with virtually no exterior space however it does have a couple small slivers of life such as this
i do n't know anything about the stuff in there or what we need to do to care for it aside from water or trim .
the one under the tree is dying but used to look nice so maybe it 's not getting enough sun or we missed it while watering .
do you know what the bushes are and what they need ?
what do we need to buy know or do for this to be healthy and look good ?
already 9 points behind city and so many players heading out the door .
we are in a worse position than originally thought because now ozil looks to be gone for sure which was n't the case a few months ago .
i think a good move probably not realistic is to sell ozil in january and try to bribe schalke into selling us goretzka instead of losing him on a free next summer .
gives us a young hard working midfielder to build on in the middle .
also if we ca n't really compete with the spending of chelsea city and united than why dont we spend what money we do have on younger talent like dortmund did with dembele and others ?
they attained such talented player for cheap and i know theirs the difference of bundesliga and prem spending but having a scout who can find the right player at the right time is something we have lacked since signing players like koscielny .
dortmund 's director does an amazing job with constantly rebuilding dortmund but i guess wenger does n't believe such a position exists ... even after he has signed players like xhaka perez mustafi and such who have either have been failing here or not wanted .
i am using a winewrapper for my macbook pro to download the ultimate collection onto origin have got the latest openra but when i try to detect assets from origin it just does n't pick it up .
how can i import the music and fmv stuff into it ?
hey guys i need one or two comp sci ist majors that is in the field for 3 years that is willing to answer some questions about the major job searching college etc .
this is an interview project i am doing for my seminar class .
if you have some spare time to answer these questions that will be great !
need some support or to get something off your chest ?
want to talk about that grilled cheese you ate at lunch ?
for most consumables we have two options a cheaper less effective option vs a more expensive but more effective option .
manual vs auto fire extinguisher small vs large first aid and repair kits high octane gas .
but when it comes to food we only have a premium option ?
why not give us a small food that adds something like 3 5 to crew skills rather than 10 ?
i would absolutely use this on some tanks that do n't require a fire extinguisher due to a low chance of fire .
so i installed steam but i 'm having some issues with it .
clicking on the notification icon to open the menu does open it but the menu does n't expand and no text or choices are visible .
it 's just a flat bar any idea of what could cause this issue ?
hey r/overwatch i 'm a relatively new player and in wondering what pharmercy is and why people complain about it like its overpowered or something .
the recent book review http slatestarcodex.com/2017/09/18/book-review-mastering-the-core-teachings-of-the-buddha of mastering the core teachings of the buddha got me thinking about whether it can be applied to chronic pain .
according to mindfulness meditation for chronic pain systematic review and meta-analysis 2016 https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc5368208
thirty-eight rcts met inclusion criteria seven reported on safety .
we found low-quality evidence that mindfulness meditation is associated with a small decrease in pain compared with all types of controls in 30 rcts .
statistically significant effects were also found for depression symptoms and quality of life .
however i suspect these studies are all using the meditation instruction technique along the lines of focus on your breathing and if your mind wanders bring it back to your breathing '' without any more guidance than that rather than the more regimented techniques described in the book .
does anyone with more experience in meditation have any thoughts or references for whether and how a more regimented technique could make meditation more effective to help chronic pain ?
are there any good drugstore powder foundations for extremely oily skin ?
or any high end ones with a reasonable price ?
as i said my skin is extremely oily so i 'm not worried at all about a powder foundation being overly drying .
if not are there any drugstore powders that work well for setting liquid foundation for oily skin that will keep me matte for more than an hour ?
hello guys i recently got a ps4 and got myself a copy of gta v although when i insert the game and the update file was done loading i open the game so it can install and it stays at the same number for like .
for me i was at 4 and it would n't move from there on !
what 's wrong with it how can i fix this ?
so i was doing a low level pvp-build but i accidentally upgraded the grass crest shield to 3 twinkling titanite which made my highest upgraded level of 6 .
if i were to sell that shield my highest upgraded weapon would be a 3 ... would this revert my matchmaking weapon level to that or not ?
if the answer is no ... which sl is best suited for 6 weapons ?
hyptoheicla noun the sore feeling you get in your left pinkie following the excessive use of the ctrl '' key
sample sentence i have hyptoheicla after getting gold in the live counting olympics today . ''
but recently it seems like i 'm fighting all these regrets and your sorry ass rejected .
just stop and have conversations in the corner i 'm going to do it but it only shows that you didnt know he likes me back ?
this might sound really weird to ask that we do n't have one ?
i 'm getting a windows alert that says i have been infected by a trogan and spyware and it 's saying all my details are being stolen .
i do n't think this is actually happening but it wont let me close the alert down and a voice keeps repeating everything .
i looked the number up that they are telling me to phone and people are saying that they are scammers .
would it be safe just to shut my computer down then restart it ?
the alert keeps saying if i close the alert down then the computer will be disabled which again i do n't believe but i just want to safe .
it layers on top of ethereum tech and apparently they plan to go to a modified fee-less version of it in 2018 .
do n't people need an incentive to facilitate this network ?
looking at the schematic on page 7 of the snapshot pdf i ca n't help but wonder why the public trading section like a stock market at the bottom is even there in the first place ?
why can that not just be deleted from the whole plan and keep it a stable closed loop system that keeps out the people that a are n't using the energy or b are n't contributing energy to this grid ?
would heavy fluctuation due to mass hysteria in trading this coin have an effect on families being able to power their homes or not ?
what if your solar panel installation fails or your house is in the shade and powr are super expensive ?
looking for a link or mp3 download to the drum beat used in the charlie work episode as charlie is running around fixing up the bar .
want to levelup your steam profile do n't have time to buy trading card sets one by one .
change your csgo keys tf2 keys gems into steam trading card sets level up your steam profile easily in few seconds .
add the bot type ! help in chat to get started .
every single information about commands prices stock how to use the bot is listed on bot 's steam profile steam profile info box .
owner 's steam profile if you face any issues http steamcommunity.com/id/junglibunny
i am looking for card set suppliers who can supply trading card sets on regular basis .
if you want to be a card set supplier add owner directly so that we can talk about rates .
please leave a comment on my steam profile that you are adding about trading card sets before adding me .
cause i literally kit sniped a faction who had 3 more than me ... wya
also h crimson halo for a lab and adds or para .
hi i 'm a thai student in the uk .
i 've only been here for 1 month and i 'm planning a trip to go to france in december during winter break .
my problem is that generally for every visa they require you to show proof of financial record within the last 3 months .
since i just arrived her last month and my bank account is probably not even a month old but i do have the amount of money needed to sustain myself during the trip .
what should i do to meet this requirement for the visa .
ive been depressed for a long time and obviously suicide is something ive thought about but in the back of my mind i always knew id never go through with it .
over the last couple of days however thats changed .
i feel as though i can now go through with it .
ive decided to take a carton of beer and drive about half hour from the nearest town .
there ill start smashing my beers and when i see the freight train coming well im just gon na wander up to the tracks and have a seat .
i know itll be messy but a freight train at full speed will take care of me pretty quickly .
im completely sober at the moment so its not just cos im drunk and getting down .
anyone know if there 's a list of japanese physical games for the wii u ?
posted in the dedicated thread on xda but got no response so far so i figure i 'll post here too .
just grabbed myself an h815 and flashed the latest los build and i noticed that both wifi and hotspot often refuses to work .
most of the time wifi will simply get stuck at turning on '' for minutes as for hotspot when the switch is hit 1 sometimes it gets stuck at turning hotspot on ... '' 2 sometimes simply says error '' and 3 occasionally even when it says active '' i ca n't find it with any other device i have .
i was on v20g before i flashed los but also tried flashable v20k and v29a parts and also a full v20p base .
i feel this should be something easily discovered if it 's not a hardware problem happening on my side but wifi/hotspot does work fairly well under stock .
for reference i managed to grab a logcat of when the hotspot says error '' after flipping the switch https pastebin.com/pzynwfyp
discussion of how much did a game developer like elite dangerous need .
at the 2011 game developers conference following a presentation on the development of the original elite braben was asked in a q a session if elite 4 was still on the drawing board .
he replied yes it would be a tragedy for it not to be . ''
the project had difficulty in attracting sufficient funding which braben had attributed to the traditional publishing model which he saw as being biased against games with no recent comparable predecessors .
braben had previously discussed crowdfunding as a possible solution in april 2012 .
public fundraising commenced in november 2012 using the kickstarter website the campaign lasting 60 days with the aim being to raise £1.25m and deliver a finished game by march 2014 .
braben described the campaign as a way of test-marketing the concept to verify there is broader interest in such a game '' in addition to raising the funds .
following the end of the kickstarter further public funding was sought through the developer 's uk website via paypal .
by april 2014 £1.7m had been raised and braben had reacquired the legal rights to the elite franchise .
although the game 's original total development budget had been £8 million by september 2014 this had in braben 's words grown by quite a lot '' .
so i know sc is a different caliber but 161 million and we keep hearing excuses every week .
this is just an example what it takes to get a game like ed going not comparing it to sc but if ed is only a quarter of a game like star citizen then do the math yourself .
also if you would post how long you 've been a backer to compare the frustration level between an old backer and a new one .
these people were supposed get the netcode fixed years ago but they keep selling us shiny ships .
msg if interested and i 'll see what i can trade
hey fellow premeds i finished sophomore year at an undergraduate in the states .
however i 'm korean so i came back to korea to serve in the military for 2 years .
i 'm almost halfway with almost a year left in service now and i decided to go for medical school .
the biggest reason i came to the military was apart from being mandatory i needed to take a break and decided what i wanted to do with my life .
i took classes ranging from law econ to east european cinema .
basically i did n't work towards a field and undecided and i slacked off a lot realizing i had to go to the army and other regretful reasons i got poor grades .
so after i complete my military service i 'll be going back to the school and it 's basically starting college over again for me .
in order to not repeat my mistakes and really just throw it all out there i 'm going to need to start preparing while i still have a year left in the army .
that 's why i wanted to post this to ask what should i be doing ?
i 've been reading books but i want to really get ready for what 's to come back at undergrad .
i hope there are people out there who can relate and i really hope you guys understand where i 'm coming from !
sorry for the long post and thanks for the help guys !
sorry if the post is worded badly i 'm just scared and have no foundation to work with
also i 'm new to the uk system ... i do n't know anything about it .
is uk md degree just like the states too ?
i 've been gaining inspiration and forming ideas based on some recent developments here in the utf 's grand digital embassy .
it was recently noted that 5/6 gamma civilizations are huburb civilizations https nomanssky.gamepedia.com/united_federation_of_travelers map despite no attempts to achieve this outcome on my part .
the united nations of delta and the snake path in general demonstrate the desire of many civilizations to cooperate with other civilizations to a greater degree .
1.3 has made permanent long-distance travel more difficult for the average traveler thus restricting the average traveler 's capability to visit more than one civilization excluding hub-huburb relationships .
consider if the physical digital divide between civilizations the vague but admittedly romantic appeal of colonizing the galaxy '' is worth what it holds us back from a truly united federation .
easy cooperation between civilizations easy citizen immigration/emigration and easy travel between civilizations .
also keep in mind that this thread is just for discussion specifically because this concept is still fresh and i want to get input from all of you before taking it to a vote .
to fill this role i suggest we form a united federation of travelers metahub .
a hub of multiple civilizations all located nearby each other all cooperating and feeding off each others ' prosperity and discoveries .
in summary i 'm suggesting we officially incorporate sponsor and vastly expand the hub-huburb civilization system which has already formed organically .
i 'm suggesting we do this by establishing this metahub in the space surrounding the galactic hub currently known as the huburbs . ''
huburbs '' has never been a term to imply any form of subservience or deference to the galactic hub .
huburb civilizations are entirely sovereign and many civilizations with different practices from the galactic hub like the galactic empire of hova and discovery coalition have existed as huburb civilizations without any issue .
nonetheless the galactic hub would be officially rebranding the huburbs '' as the utf metahub . ''
but that 's kind of cumbersome so realistically people will probably always call it the huburbs . ''
you would not be expected to follow galactic hub naming conventions unless you visited one of our 11 regions .
you would not be required to move to the metahub as a federation civilization .
you would benefit from proximity to the galactic hub 's confirmed 190 citizens https nomanssky.gamepedia.com/census_-_galactic_hub fewer if you are n't on both platforms but does n't include existing huburb citizens .
the utf metahub would improve upon the current hub-huburb system 's unique cultural diversity where civilizations with different sometimes vastly different goals and practices exist within close proximity to each other .
all parties involved would benefit from easier access to farms bases multitools starships etc .
located in fellow metahub civs without their citizens needing to leave their native civs in any long-term sense .
improved capability for existing multiplayer events ie exocraft races and presumably future multiplayer features .
this will only go to a vote depending on the conversation to determine if the huburbs will be rebranded as the federation metahub .
it will not at any point be a requirement for any civilization to move to this metahub but it will be officially designated by the federation '' as the recommended area to establish a civilization .
i 'm suggesting we turn the space surrounding the galactic hub into a metahub '' a concentration of multiple federation civilizations in close proximity .
just picked up an extron crosspoint ultra 128 and need to order cables from retrogamingcable.co.uk .
i have read that the extron boosts the output voltage and this may damage my pvm/ossc .
does it matter what bnc cables i get to connect the extron to the pvm ?
what cables do i need to connect the super famicom and sega saturn to the extron ?
what cables do i need to connect the extron to the output devices ?
i 've reached diamond rewards 3 seasons in a row now including this one but i 'm playing probably at gold level in duos .
i 'm suspecting this is because of my poor positioning and taking too many risky plays which does not get punished as much in 3s .
i would really appreciate any input on what major mistakes i am doing .
the mechanical misplays which are plenty i can spot by myself
does the hyperx cloud 2 with the sound card use realtek drivers ?
i 'm going nuts trying to make sense of this .
i was a full time grad student and paid 22k in tuition .
i only made 12k as a contractor 1099 misc .
ive tried turbo tax hr block and credit karma and they all wont apply the lifetime learning credit for some reason .
ive already used the american opportunity credit 4 times for undergrad fyi .
im guessing its because my 12k income is reduced to 0 taxable income so the credit isnt applied .
then self employment tax 1,500ish is added after that .
i ca n't find the relevant cves on the fortiap 5.4.3 release notes
has anyone infos regarding the patches for the 5.4.x branch ?
hey i 'm jane i 'm 23 and i 'm looking to start a serious band in the matlock/chesterfield area in the uk i 'm in matlock myself .
i play guitar and can also play piano/keys if needed .
i 'm looking to start a rock band along the alt-rock/indie/melodic punk lines but i 'm open to all ideas and into most genres so anything welcome .
instrument wise i 'm thinking i 'll need another guitarist bassist and a drummer and we can work out someone to sing from that if you can sing that 's a bonus ! .
i have a lot of influences some of the ones that i think would influence me with this include bad religion the gaslight anthem the horrible crowes rise against garbage the distillers bruce springsteen anti flag alkaline trio lagwagon weezer wonk unit etc but i 'm influenced by most things !
just wondering if google has any plans to expand fi to rural areas that are very poorly served by the federal universal service requirement from telecomms ?
my parents retired to the only home they can afford and they are stuck with either 45/mo for 3mbps dsl or a 15gb monthly datacap for 145 with 20 max mbps with a jetpack .
i would love to purchase them a google fi device and simply use it as a hotspot for access .
does google have any plans for fi expansion and if so anything in north central pa ?
i love playing sentinal for the suppressor nades but i feel like compared to double pulse striker sentinel is just meh .
the super is very versital but i feel like its also meh .
just wondering if anyone here has tried a covered call dividend strategy with any luck ?
in a nutshell the idea is collect dividends from a stock or etf while only holding it for a day or two and hedging the position with options .
i just want to ask those who visit the gym regularly and put a lot of time into fitness .
do you use a sweat shirt and or sweat pants ?
i see a lot of fitness professionals in the gym in sweatshirts .
i do n't know if it is just to sweat faster or more .
i already sweat a lot and i get warm very fast is this technique recommended for more fat burning ?
in this game i found greatly disappointing the fact that players are forced to exchange their gear for a better one or they are risking to be stuck in neverending cc-chain for eternity being burned petrified acidized poisoned bleeding silenced and rectally probed simultaneously .
but more often than not lower level uniques provide significantly better bonuses like 5 to str/-5 agi or abilities like summoning tornado or seeing through illusions s .
which is especially true for weapons every level you increase your damage roughly by 20 just by simply replacing weapon .
which leads to frustration have to replace divine gear for a random shovel just because that shovel us 2 levels higher and awfully tedious item management not to mention the fact that atm luckycharm feels obligatory to be able to gear up your team properly .
10 per level so armor value base 1+0.1*level while base value increases linearly with gear level .
while weapons would just scale linearly with gear level .
this would make total sense prevent that boring item shuffling and that terrible aspect 'pants make heroes ' where level of gear matters more than hero statistics like in wow where ilvl matters more than anything .
weapon/gear scales always linearly but when players stumble against significantly superior/inferior enemy a multiplier to damage taken/dealt is applied to make it look like you are outleveled or overpowered
tl dr some ideas make players not to be forced into replacing gear every level .
just wondering of anyone has had this experience before .
my girlfriend 's boyfriend is a virgo and she 's an aquarius .
it 's strange ... she 's very pretty almost the glamour girl type who likes to wear make-up keep her hair and nails nice and is somewhat curvy .
a little on the heavier side which no features that really stand out .
she 's definitely the dominant one and he 's more of a doormat .
they 're both nice people for the most part .
i 'm a pisces and my gf is a scorpio great match btw and i dunno ... i just have thing about aquarius women .
they 're hard to pin down and constantly have to be doing something .
and virgo men at least the ones i know seem to be very intelligent but very lazy and want everything the easy way .
anyway that 's just my little bit of analyzing .
are there any couples of this combination that would care to share your experiences ?
hi all i 'm researching a situation and trying to see if it would stay under the radar tax wise or catch any attention or enforcement actions from irs .
there 's a certain guy who 's been in the news recently and has been described as a high-stakes video poker player .
media sites such as cnn have reported on tax records showing that he won 5m in 2015 .
they interpret this as is him being a good gambler .
irs records show that paddock was a successful gambler earning at least 5 million in 2015 .
however a local newspaper did the math https thenevadaindependent.com/article/stephen-paddock-probably-lost-about-404933-gambling-in-2015 and found that the guy spent 48.4 million on video poker coin in '' and won back 48m for a loss of 400k .
only 5 million was reported to irs because of the rules which say what kind of payouts are reportable .
this raises some questions in my mind which i would greatly appreciate your help with .
1 would his tax return raise any kind of red flags with the irs ?
obv if he 's reporting 5m but actually won 48m the irs would want to look into that .
2 setting aside the tax return he must be cashing out big money at the cashier cage .
presumably they would cut a check which he would then deposit in a bank .
would n't they report to the govt when transferring that much cash ?
3 if he 's able to gamble like this without reporting earnings or transactions it would seem to me to be a great way to launder money .
you could sit at the video poker all day feeding ill-gotten 100 bills into the machine .
at the end of the day you cash out take your payout ticket to the cashier and walk out with boba fide money .
is it plausible that this is a successful way to launder money and is it plausible that this was what he was doing ?
a tree fell over but it was n't a very strong tree .
i 've certainly listened to much louder wind in my bedroom so far this winter .
listening to the chat with traders podcast episode 146 they mention they developed a portfolio hedge for a black swan or flash crash type event that has zero drag on performance .
they are options traders and the hedge had to do with a volatility instrument .
anybody have insight or an idea on what they might be doing ?
when most people hedge for a black swan event it 's buying index puts or buying calls in a volatility instrument .
but that gets very expensive and is a huge drag .
these guys seem to be structuring options in a certain way that will explode in a good way with high volatility that comes with a black swan event but does not have a negative drag on their portfolio performance .
interested in snapcash for snapchat add me if you want to have a fun time !
i 've had a live magento 2.1.5 store for about 6 months now and have been procrastinating a lot when it comes to patching and updating to the newer versions .
plus i really need a testing platform for custom work .
i am completely self taught and only manage this one site for the company i was already employed with before and it 's not my main position there .
i 'm competent and usually know what i 'm doing but i tend to use a lot of trial and error .
4 months ago i could get away with downtime in the middle of the night but now that we have people ordering at strange times i ca n't risk any real interruptions .
i 've done this on my local machine in the past for non-ecommerce sites but my store has over 25,000 skus on it and i do n't even know where to begin with something that large or if i even need to .
i know m2 ee has some staging functionality but we 're cheap and on ce .
need help doing all prison break setups and finale on right now gamer tag cool_aj_05
i ca n't seem to find a set-in-stone answer though that leads me to believe there really is n't one ?
my 1.5 year old seems to be in such a weird stage .
sometimes he is amazing and i marvel at how much he 's grown we 've worked a lot on his anxiety and reactivity and he is a different dog from even a few months ago !
but other times he seems to totally regress from having huge meltdowns on walks because he saw a person walking across the street to having huge zoomie-attacks where he starts jumping and mouthing us like he did when he was 10 weeks old !
his fear on walks is generally controlled now but the other day he did growl/pull towards a nervous kid that got too close to him as the kid ran by on a narrow pathway .
like he used to jump and mouth us every single walk i seriously cried more than once to now only occasionally getting overly hyper on walks with zero mouthing/jumping .
overall he is well behaved and listens to all commands albeit he is still a bit nervous .
i guess i 'm just trying to figure out if his regressive behaviour is still in the realm of normal adolescent regression/behaviour and silly puppy-ness or something worth keeping a closer eye on .
we worked with a behaviorist in the past and i 'm not sure if these incidents are worth calling him up again or just waiting it out until he 's past adolescence last time we worked with him he said that most of my dog 's issues were actually normal adolescent boundary-testing the fear period
edit additional info he is a rescue from puerto rico so basically a super mutt .
he is 55 lbs and i 've had him since 10 weeks old .
as the title says can i bind the dpi buttons to clear decals in cs go ?
happened to me like 3 times i wanted to open will but end up clicking on the sun did it ever happened to you ?
the devs could add a confirmation button when you click on the sun it asks are you sure you want to reveal ?
i would n't mind seeing this system go as far as being able to find mods for different scopes or being able to find some that would let you change up your ammo type in the gun etc..
just got into njpw a few months ago and i keep hearing everyone mention wk being the climax of naito 's redemption .
just wanted to know if anyone can point me in the direction to research this or if someone can provide a summary .
i want to add that in comparison to the years in which i believed i was a guy i feel much more secure and having the ground for being respected as a person .
anyway am i the only one that is thinking this way ?
i lived too much time among people thinking i was a kind of dumb and strange guy that i want to break this and punch all these people in the face .
but i am realizing that they can just and plain not understand and continue to think i am something i am not .
hello i 've got a custom built pc with a relatively high spec that i use for animation and design work and gaming sometimes too .
it mostly manages these tasks fine i can play gtav at near to top spec and get about 30fps which is more than good enough for me .
the promlem is that it takes a really long time to open up any programs .
for example i 've just timed after effects at taking 10 minutes and 10 seconds to reach the start screen so that i could open a file .
graphics 4095mb nvidia geforce gtx 960 asustek computer inc running a monitor and a graphics tablet monitor
i have a horrible feeling in my gut that this is going to be a harddrive problem slow read/write but my knowledge is n't enough to confirm that so any tips would be a huge help !
as far as i can see meraki is still vulnerable .
mikrotik and ubiquiti are both patched and aruba have something coming soon .
'major vendors ' were notified of the vuln 50 days ago apparently still have n't seen anything from cisco about it .
i play on a ps4 but i do n't have the ps needed for the online .
i 'm very interested in the mycareer mode though so i was wondering if not playing rtg will affect much my career in terms of not being able to improve my player as much as i would like to .
like is rtg needed just to get more vcs and exclusive items right ?
wake up around 2pm go on discord eat only a little then fall asleep at 7am .
i hate who i 've become as a person i have n't gone to school in 3 weeks hell i have n't left my house in 3 weeks .
i ca n't say i 'm depressed because i 've never been diagnosed i guess i 'm just 'lazy ' .
tell me why i should n't end it all .
im about to run into a good amount of money and could probably upgrade to anything i want but i know i wont need to .
people tell me ram all the time but frankly i do n't see a reason to .
it 's decently fast and the price to upgrade versus performance gained ratio it does n't seem entirely worth it .
i 'd love to get a huge ssd but i think i want to focus on other things first .
i can understand destiny 2 's choice on a clean slate where you probably rewrote the old clunky engine but in the future please keep the content even if you want to delete our stuff again .
if you could have manage to port old content to d2 at release we would have
even they would n't offer some kine of new rewards people will probably will try them anyway to see how they will perform with new weapons and class changes .
it would have been great to see a few refurbished rewards from old content as well .
as a result probably less of us would be talking about how lacking the end game is right now .
there was this interesting case in austria in 2016 that caught my attention
so basically a girl sued her parents in austria because they took a bunch of embarrasing childhood pictures of her and uploaded them to social media and refused to take them down .
so i was wondering how would this work out in us of a ?
has the scotus made any decisions on this issue yet ?
sooner or later this sub legaladvice will probably get plenty of posts about this issue as more and more people who grew up in social media era are becoming adults so these cases will increase drastically i imagine .
obviously the parents were stubborn in this case they could have just deleted them when asked and case closed but what about videos for example ?
the charlie bit me '' video in youtube got like 750 million views did n't it ?
if the kid in that video decided to sue the uploader of the video when he turns 18 what would most likely happen ?
even if the uploaders take the video down when asked ?
the damage in this case public embarrasment '' has already been done .
do you think this will become a huge issue in the future ?
i see alot of parents uploading their kids pictures online without consent not realizing that everything is permanent and can not be removed from the internet and that it could actually hurt the kid whilst not realizing it could be breaking privacy laws .
i 'm not personally suing my parents nor am i american to begin with but i found this topic very interesting and i thought maybe american lawyers could share their 2 cents on the issue ?
i was told to come here apparantely not suited for r/legaladvice so i just copypasted this from there .
honestly i hate it when torbs try to be unique with their placements of the turret .
like putting it ontop of the bridge or on the burning cart in the middle .
like it 's fine and all but it does n't need to be that close to handle those areas .
sure it attacks them in their spawn ... but the turret is far better guarding the gate .
having it at the gate allows it to protect it from tires more easily .
if the turret is on the bridge if the tire passes by it .
it wo n't lock onto it anymore cause it breaks line of sight by going down the stairs .
i thought you could unlock those lines as long as you 've summoned the servants that act as triggers .
but i 'm trying on a certain someone right now and so far it does n't seem to be working ... is this normal ?
i 'm really confused so is jstein 's reward table for the 3 weekends in october or is this table for normal months ?
hey devs i 'm hoping one of you might be able to help me with this .
i was in the middle of doing the halloween event with whatever the winning streak is that gets you to about 15,000 candies .
i used a ticket to start a match and then turned off the screen before tapping view '' my toddler daughter needed help in the potty .
i assumed i could just resume and view the match after unlocking the screen but when i clicked view '' it said there was a network error and took me back to the main menu .
when i went back to the halloween challenge i had lost my ticket used for the last match but more importantly i lost my winning streak !
this is incredibly disappointing as i had spent numerous amounts of gems to skip opponents to ensure i could keep the streak alive .
now i 'm left with no streak and no tickets .
i thought the halloween update was a fantastic way to spur more player involvement at least for a p5 player like myself but this glitch has seriously dented my desire to continue on .
while i do n't see wg actually doing this i agree and would be happy to see the bb 's of south america in the game as premiums .
it 's just that there 's just enough of them to make some sort of line like this .
they 're the only continent that had heavy units not represented in the game .
world of tanks has done brazilian premiums i do n't see why they could n't do it here .
i 've seen big-budget hollywood movies whose finales do n't even come close to that final battle between aang and ozai .
embossing or debossing for a 1-off is not very practical .
the real cost is the creation of the die and then a printer has to set it up to stamp your piece .
you could create a reasonable facsimile of an embossed line drawing by tracing over your drawings or more accurately tracing on the back of your drawing with a ball burnisher https www.dickblick.com/products/ball-burnisher with your paper sitting on top of a somewhat softer surface like a sheet of balsa wood ... something that would allow you to push down into the paper a bit .
not exactly a good comparison to rape and assault that was insensitive .
most importantly you ca n't see the out-of-bounds marker for shit in this video and that 's the whole crux of the matter .
i definitely see the ball get punched out and it 's momentarily loose .
he seems to regain control prior to being down and being in the end zone .
for me it goes back to incontrovertible proof '' and sticking with the call on the field unless you can be 100 certain .
lol thats the exact response you gave to someone else but its offensive now because its against your trash ideology and not someone elses trash ideology .
well it looks like she was able to help them with the flooding part .
the evidence of unaddressed le misconduct here is also a major issue .
the ag office 's desire to sweep all the evidence planting under the rug is a key issue .
i wish i should have since that class almost kicked my butt but i survived it .
i 'll take some pictures this evening when i 'm home .
neil degrass tyson suggested the earth was pear shaped .
which debunks the nasa photos from the moon which show a perfect circle earth .
its 21km thicker around the equator than it is from pole to pole .
how can you tell from a photo what a .3 deviation looks like ?
none of these should be a surprise to anyone if they put a half a moments of thought into what bankruptcy means .
you cant make a fighting game with caped baldy as the player cux then its just gon na be a button clicking simulator
hey jakepaul i keep dabbing on my haters just like you told me but sometimes they dab back .
free to make trade deals/set tariffs lower financial contributions .
the difference machine the 4th side of the eternal triangle
all are these artists either make experimental hip hop or are influenced by rock music .
i feel like when i search simple eyeshadow tutorials '' it comes back with a lot of big name youtubers who do dramatic stage makeup type things .
fanatical is not being willing to compromise or see other perspectives .
matthew green wrote a blog post https blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2017/10/16/falling-through-the-kracks on the topic .
apparently the security proof just assumed that nonces would not be reused .
the debate on proxy voting for nris was set rolling yet again after a brief lull by union external affairs minister sushma swaraj who said in ahmedabad on saturday that nris could cast their votes by issuing an authorisation letter to their kin .
official party to the discussions for granting voting rights to nris either through proxy of e-voting had expressed serious reservations about introducing a system for ascertaining the genuineness of a proxy selected by an nri .
the election commission of india would have to evolve a mechanism to ensure that he or she is voting as per the desire of the nri .
the commission would have to define whether the proxy could be an immediate family member wife husband ward or parent of the nri .
it would also have to fix the number of votes a proxy could cast in an election .
for now i 'm just going to turn off my wifi while in public same thing i did when wep was vulnerable .
my home network isnt going to be attacked so as long as i 'm not connecting to some hackers honeypot i 'll be good .
this does suck for people visiting places outside of their network coverage who need wifi access though .
i 'm thinking themeparks and malls will be good targets for the next few weeks .
charging problems probably due to the time shift paradox caused by obtaining a device from the future and bringing it into the past .
just wait until the sp5 is released and the paradox should clear itself up as will your charging problems .
'' so your point can be interpreted either way ? ''
i also know how to understand what i read .
are you seriously having so much trouble understanding what i mean or are you just playing dumb ?
yea i 'm having a lot of trouble understanding what you mean .
if it does n't say he did n't then you are wrong
the only source that supports your conclusion has been retconned yet you are sure you are correct .
yep and she does it because she makes selling panties and fucking writing stuff on her .
every single day she posts something begging for money .
god help someone who would actually spend 50 on some stinky panties .
or even worse any amount of money to have a girl write your name on her .
when doc ock took over his body did n't he accidentally punch off someone 's jaw not realizing he had to be careful with his punches ?
seriously though what do you do with a pouting dog ?
i 've seen videos with huskies refusing to take a bath or get off of the warm warm human .
it wo n't listen to reason or obey a command .
oh i do n't think that the russian people are demons at all nobody i know does i hope that helps ?
but i believe your government is corrupt and abusive of individual rights of citizens as well as invasive with regard to us politics so as a us citizen i 'm curious if i 'd be arrested or anything if i violated russian laws regarding illegal images .
i do n't understand whether this is an anti-joke or a joke i 'm not getting .
thank you for your submission to r/videos however it has been removed because
your account is not yet old enough to submit content to r/videos at this time
please try again when your account is a bit older around a week while also commenting in posts to also build up some karma .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
if rodgers is out for the rest of the season and if the falcons ca n't get their shit together then yea it 's mainly the seahawks .
i 'm excited for our matchup with you guys in a couple weeks definitely going to be a test for our offense .
they love hearing you rub one out before you deviate 10 degrees .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
when the balloon baboon regifted a stolen figurine https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/73yax7/when_the_balloon_baboon_regifted_a_stolen_figurine
so we opened the balloon baboon 's gift basket https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/73ivk3/so_we_opened_the_balloon_baboons_gift_basket
the baboons are n't using technology today so have a looksie at bb 's face and hands !
how balloon baboon knows that i 'm a gold digger https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/71cl9c/how_balloon_baboon_knows_that_im_a_gold_digger
the last phone call i ever had with balloon baboon https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/7075d9/the_last_phone_call_i_ever_had_with_balloon_baboon
balloon baboon graciously gave '' me the gift basket pics inside https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/6zydsp/balloon_baboon_graciously_gave_me_the_gift_basket
our move has further enabled balloon baboon 's hoarding https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/6wrw51/our_move_has_further_enabled_balloon_baboons
the balloon baboon 's version of a gift '' to celebrate dh and i 's house purchase https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/6vcast/the_balloon_baboons_version_of_a_gift_to
confronting balloon baboon about her stalking went poorly https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/6tw3ph/confronting_balloon_baboon_about_her_stalking
how to eat soup with your hands demonstrated by balloon baboon https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/6tngeb/how_to_eat_soup_with_your_hands_demonstrated_by
one thing i love '' about balloon baboon https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/6t503q/one_thing_i_love_about_balloon_baboon
we 're going out for dinner tonight with balloon baboon https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/6t3rox/were_going_out_for_dinner_tonight_with_balloon
to be notified as soon as onmyworkcomputer posts an update click here .
it really does raise so many questions about parallel timelines alternate dimensions and what have you .
i doubt we 'll know the answers in my life time but it has so many implications .
if time is suddenly not all encompassing does that mean it can possibly be manipulated ?
is there a reason for uber over a taxi ?
u/artistgift konzoarts 40 artbytes i like the cross hatch to make something bolder ... https www.reddit.com/r/art/comments/76r9yq/the_wizard_of_currents_ballpoint_pen_on_paper_7_x
it really does n't take much to get every exotic even as a casual player .
exotics have low drop rates and considering the high amount of exotics the duplicates are guarranted to be very high wich puts a lot of casuals off even i still miss over half of the exotics and i play the game for about 4 hours a day since release .
also the trophie for collecting exotics shows that there are a lot of people that do n't even have enough to get the collect exotics '' trophie wich is actually easy to get .
funny that you create an argument with me about assumptions and yet your claims are just that .
actually no i 'm not assuming any shit right there .
it 's just logical that casuals do n't have all exotics a month after game release they are called casuals for a reason .
ffs you can even check the data for yourself in the trophies there are literally stats that support my claim .
what information have you looked at to determine for yourself if that is in fact the case ?
also you realize bush is on the right '' and alex is on the right '' so ... .
i ca n't get my dog to sit down but this guy 's bear can make vulgar gestures in traffic ...
the best scout in the world would just do this to your stationary slowly-turning imperfect aimbot .
i hit my sentry with a wrench or just stand next to it and he becomes unable to kill it and dies
and if you do n't want to let up on her then you need to fucking leave and just pay child support to your bio kids .
go to quebec city if you fancy the urban lifestyle and want to deal with a less vibrant multi-culti city
probably reminds jared of both his her father and his her father in law .
i hated it because it was dangerous less interesting to me felt like every team just set up their pairs and went and made it super easy to just hang back 1/2 a lap and be fine .
from the thumbnail i thought it was a kia soul that xzibit took to the pimp my ride shop .
not sure where to update but i have noticed that
hoppip however spawns a lot as well in the eevee/teddiursa/chikorita biome whatever that biome is .
seems to be by a very large factor as well as the above pokemon are almost non-existent in this eevee biome .
i 'll have to say that this was very high quality meme
wow i just got my pulse 22 in the mail today and i have the exact same problem ... . 2 squonk pins in the box and no 510 adapter for the 510 pin they include .
the stops are n't all facing the same way .
and to make 360 degrees of shadows would be way too inefficient .
they do n't impact performance as much as you might think .
i usually get told to die when playing junk .
oh wow so an organization who targets prominent black speakers hates an organization that sheds light on white supremacy .
note that this is n't the case until you get your amp .
to be fair i 've heard american tourists use this line in airports and when abroad ... .. minus the guns of course
i do yep especially in a case where there 's an film or tv adaptation of something coming soon or a new book in a series or in the case of his dark materials ... both !
and sometimes i 'll just see the spine and remember how much i liked a book or read a comment on reddit about a book and decide to reread it .
but i probably only reread 2-3 books a year for the most part it 's new books for me .
if the emperor had a text-to-speech device episode 20 you 're green with it !
and thus with another 10 episodes finished season 2 of tts draws to a close .
i 'd like to thank everyone who 's been watching and supporting me you are all beautiful people and i love you !
this is the srs equivalent of askreddit 's sexy ladies of reddit what 's the sexiest sex you 've ever sexed ?
there 's actually a story behind that because of course there is .
hubbard joined the explorers club in february 1940 on the strength of his claimed explorations in the caribbean and survey flights in the united states . ''
he persuaded the club to let him carry its flag on an alaskan radio-experimental expedition '' to update the u.s. coast pilot guide to the coastlines of alaska and british columbia and investigate new methods of radio position-finding .
the expedition consisted of hubbard and his wife—the children were left at south colby—aboard his ketch magician . ''
scientology accounts of the expedition describe hubbard 's recharting of an especially treacherous inside passage and his ethnological study of indigenous aleuts and haidas '' and tell of how along the way he not only roped a kodiak bear but braved seventy-mile-an-hour winds and commensurate seas off the aleutian islands . ''
they are divided about how far hubbard 's expedition actually traveled whether 700 miles 1,100 km or 2,000 miles 3,200 km . ''
hubbard told the seattle star in a november 1940 letter that the expedition was plagued by problems and did not get any further than ketchikan near the southern end of the alaska panhandle far from the aleutian islands .
magician 's engine broke down only two days after setting off in july 1940 .
the hubbards reached ketchikan on august 30 1940 after many delays following repeated engine breakdowns .
the ketchikan chronicle reported—making no mention of the expedition—that hubbard 's purpose in coming to alaska was two-fold one to win a bet and another to gather material for a novel of alaskan salmon fishing '' .
having underestimated the cost of the trip he did not have enough money to repair the broken engine .
he raised money by writing stories and contributing to the local radio station and eventually earned enough to fix the engine making it back to puget sound on december 27 1940 . ''
during hubbard 's final semester he organized an expedition to the caribbean for fifty young gentleman rovers '' aboard the schooner doris hamlin commencing in june 1932 .
the aims of the caribbean motion picture expedition '' were stated as being to explore and film the pirate strongholds and bivouacs of the spanish main '' and to collect whatever one collects for exhibits in museums '' .
it ran into trouble even before it left the port of baltimore ten participants quit and storms blew the ship far off course to bermuda .
eleven more members of the expedition quit there and more left when the ship arrived at martinique .
with the expedition running critically short of money the ship 's owners ordered it to return to baltimore .
hubbard blamed the expedition 's problems on the captain the ship 's dour captain garfield proved himself far less than a captain courageous requiring ron hubbard 's hand at both the helm and the charts . ''
specimens and photographs collected by the expedition are said by scientology accounts to have been acquired by the university of michigan the u.s. hydrographic office an unspecified national museum and the new york times though none of those institutions have any record of this .
hubbard later wrote that the expedition was a crazy idea at best and i knew it but i went ahead anyway chartered a four-masted schooner and embarked with some fifty luckless souls who have n't stopped their cursings yet . ''
he called it a two-bit expedition and financial bust '' which resulted in some of its participants making legal claims against him for refunds .
after leaving university hubbard traveled to puerto rico on what the church of scientology calls the puerto rican mineralogical expedition '' .
scientologists claim he made the first complete mineralogical survey of puerto rico '' as a means of augmenting his father 's pay with a mining venture '' during which he sluiced inland rivers and crisscrossed the island in search of elusive gold '' as well as carrying out much ethnological work amongst the interior villages and native hillsmen '' .
hubbard 's unofficial biographer russell miller writes that neither the united states geological survey nor the puerto rican department of natural resources have any record of any such expedition .
according to miller hubbard traveled to puerto rico in november 1932 after his father volunteered him for the red cross relief effort following the devastating 1932 san ciprian hurricane .
in a 1957 lecture hubbard said that he had been a field executive with the american red cross in the puerto rico hurricane disaster '' .
according to his own account hubbard spent much of his time prospecting unsuccessfully for gold .
towards the end of his stay on puerto rico he appears to have done some work for a washington d.c. firm called west indies minerals incorporated accompanying a surveyor in an investigation of a small property near the town of luquillo puerto rico .
harboring the thought that the conquistadores might have left some gold behind i determined to find it ... gold prospecting in the wake of the conquistadores on the hunting grounds of the pirates in the islands which still reek of columbus is romantic and i do not begrudge the sweat which splashed in muddy rivers and the bits of khaki which have probably blown away from the thorn bushes long ago ...
after a half year or more of intensive search after wearing my palms thin wielding a sample pack after assaying a few hundred sacks of ore i came back a failure . ''
tl dr hubbard was a bumbling oaf who conned and lied his way into explorer 's club membership which should surprise no one
edit edit lest we forget his illustrious career in the us navy
most of his military service was spent ashore in the continental united states on administrative or training duties .
he served for a short time in australia but was sent home after quarreling with his superiors . ''
in the early hours of may 19 pc-815 's which he briefly commanded sonar detected what the crew believed to be an enemy submarine off cape lookout about ten to twelve miles offshore .
over the next two and a half days hubbard ordered his crew to fire a total of 35 depth charges and a number of gun rounds to target what hubbard believed to be two imperial japanese navy submarines .
the pc-815 was joined by the us navy blimps k-39 and k-33 the us coast guard patrol boats bonham and 78302 and the subchasers uss sc-536 and uss sc-537 to assist it in the search for the suspected enemy vessels .
hubbard was given temporary command of the vessels on the afternoon of may 19 .
the larger subchaser pc-778 also joined the submarine search though it found no indication of submarines and its commander was subsequently castigated by hubbard for his refusal to lay its own larger stock of depth charges or resupply the pc-815 .
hubbard stated in his eighteen-page after-action report that he had intended to force the submarine to surface so that it could be attacked by the surface vessels ' guns .
he reported that his vessel had seen oil on the surface though the pc-815 took no samples and asserted that the blimps had seen air bubbles oil and a periscope though the blimps ' own reports did not corroborate this .
the pc-815 sustained some minor damage and three crew were injured during the incident when the ship 's radio antenna was accidentally hit by gunfire .
at midnight on 21 may with depth charges exhausted and the presence of a submarine still unconfirmed by any other ship pc-815 was ordered back to astoria .
the incident attracted the attention of the naval high command as there had been a verified japanese submarine attack against fort stevens about 50 miles further north in june 1942 and there had been an invasion scare in southern california earlier in 1942 .
hubbard claimed to have definitely sunk beyond doubt '' one submarine and critically damaged another .
after reviewing the action reports and interviewing hubbard and the other commanders present admiral frank jack fletcher noted an analysis of all reports convinces me that there was no submarine in the area .
lieutenant commander sullivan states that he was unable to obtain any evidence of a submarine except one bubble of air which is unexplained except by turbulence of water due to a depth charge explosion .
the commanding officers of all ships except the pc-815 state they had no evidence of a submarine and do not think a submarine was in the area . ''
fletcher also noted that there was a known magnetic deposit in the area in which depth charges were dropped . ''
the clear implication was that hubbard had been targeting the deposit all along .
a month later hubbard unwittingly sailed the pc-815 into mexican territorial waters and conducted gunnery practice off the coronado islands in the belief that they were uninhabited and belonged to the united states .
the mexican government complained and hubbard was relieved of command . ''
i assert that if you actively have to worry about the first two sections of maslow 's hierarchy of needs https www.simplypsychology.org/maslow.jpg then you do n't have real social mobility .
what you have is a sword being held over your head .
i do n't warm up either ... because the first two sets of t1 and t2 are low enough to count as a warm up imo
i feel ashamed that i do n't have the dedication to keep using that setup .
three quarters of good defensive showing for the saints is n't enough to convince me that the last five/six years of horrible defense is magically over with lol get real guy .
and if kuechly is in concussion protocol that defense will not be the same at all
it 's funny how you 're taking this one week of football as gospel for what future weeks will hold on the south lolol
the game had too much hype and did n't meet everyone 's expectations plus the hordes of backers still waiting for the switch version are probably avoiding the sub and all of it 's tasty spoilers .
you were the one talking about his language being unclear .
they 're complaining because in this comment chain people are doing exactly what he 's talking about .
i 'm not telling you to be politcally correct ... its just that youre on a thread calling people names because you put words into their mouth ... on a comment about how its a problem that people assume things to antagonize them .
do n't you find it a little weird that youre literally the exact problem that he 's talking about ?
it 's basically this whoever has the child more owes less on child support .
just as an aside in a 50/50 situation the parent who makes more will will owe the lesser earning parent child support even if the time is equal .
i always bring the box to resupply the mortars .
putting california on my list of places that are nice to visit but i would n't want to live there .
you get it from zavala when you finish the strike milestone .
but you can also get it as a random reward in his packages .
unsure if the weapon smith has it in his loot list .
it is at times like these i hope rickson 's jiu jitsu federation starts making a huge impact on the bjj scene at least so that the ibjjf will have a decent rivalry and wo n't hold a monopoly on who is considered a bjj gi world champion .
it 's suicide do n't even think about it .
even with crystal mineral crusher refined pollutinum base super cactus chrome aura lgs i 'm still experiencing a crappy catch rate .
1030 customers for the casino just hoping to reach the 10x multiplier at 1050 .
i think i might make the first go-cart but it will be close .
will probably have to get a last-minute time skip of some sort .
i bought the first 5 deal and then brains for 10 in the beginning spent no hash .
i used that to get kittyland automated pretty quickly opening and automating all businesses along the way .
i now have marguerite at lvl 7 and casino at lvl 5 .
all other businesses at lvl3 the boys trevor candy and j-roc also all at lvl3 with trin at lvl4 .
i believe i should have stopped upgrading the other businesses at lvl2 and stopped upgrading the other chars as soon as they could automate or lvl2 whichever came first .
also should have waited so that i would have had enough cards to get marguerite to lvl8 before starting the upgrades but it felt like the card dealing algorithm was a bit more random this event .
i do n't think so anymore as i 've gotten hardly any marg cards after i upgraded her .
and lastly i could have saved the 1750 brains i will use in total today for upgrading the boys and instead bought marg cards from the store and upgrading her to lvl8 as she just now appeared in my store .
it 's too late now though will have to power through with one last upgrade to julian and hope for the best .
rpg maker games and chat kept warning him of dicks to the point where it became a jape .
ok well i better go take a cold shower then as the anticipation has just had a proper effect !
there is no built-in function to achieve what you want so you have to create your own routine
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
his first restaurant is still there in santa rosa its always been flavortown .
not quite cheeki breeki though a true slav can squat with their heels on the ground and their back straight
the idea was to be an in person university but the way that the university would operate would be drastically different from traditional universities .
many years ago i worked for a largish company that sold largish computers .
at one point they sent us to a sales school '' series of classes for a few days .
in one of the classes the instructor said he was going to equate getting a sale with seducing a woman and did anyone have a problem with that .
i raised my hand and said.. yes i have a problem with that . ''
to this day i think about the other classes '' where seducing a woman was equated with selling a computer .
canada is celebrating its 150 year anniversary this year .
i guess someone could put 1867 150 2017 holy crap it works for countries too ! ''
no just that if both sides are being hypocrites then go with the one you agree most with .
once you both lose the moral high ground then the issue simply becomes irrelevant .
i would have to pull all the mods off .
it 's amazing how quickly it starts to knock once the lower octane got to the fuel line .
there 's lots of you guys drawing shitty dicks out there '' sometime a shitty dick is exactly what you were meant to draw .
in the wise words of an american hero puppet gary johnston
i do n't know much in this crazy crazy world but i do know that if you do n't let us fuck this asshole we are going to have our dicks and our pussies all covered in shit . ''
i 'm conflicted with this kasi ito din sabi nung prof ko .
then nakita ko sa website ng uplb grad school may word na masteral '' programs .
was n't kaladesh initially overwhelmed by soi and bfz cards until aer ?
i remember that aside from looter scooter kaladesh seemed to have trouble showing up in large numbers until emrakul marvel decks made the stage .
i never heard anything as to why he was suddenly not on our screens .
it 's not beating a dead horse if it 's a valid complaint .
you may have an alright amount of space but others may have a lot more games that require more space being used ultimately forcing them to buy an sd card .
i could not hold it up with my hand .
fun fact through most of the history of the habsburg empire they did n't actually control habsburg castle .
the swiss confederacy captured it in 1415 23 years before they got control of the holy roman empire and they never got it back .
also anything that is good and over 2 hours always warrants a second viewing .
i actually like the look of what they 're doing with nekros and octavia but yeah overall de 's skins are hideous
hmm this makes me think that the virus may have moved west to east .
you do n't buy from g2a it 's a marketplace so you buy from g2a sellers basically like ebay .
most sellers are genuine reselling keys they do n't want from humble bundles games they bought cheaply during a sale or maybe they have actually got a relationship with a publisher somewhere or are in a country where they can buy cheaper keys than most .
a few sellers are bad apples that ruin this for everyone else by doing things like buying keys with stolen credit card details and selling them on before they get revoked .
the problem is that g2a ca n't or wo n't do enough to stop this sort of behaviour .
i feel like psyonix has run out of ideas when it comes to wheels .
what i know is that whoever made that video does n't know shit .
he 's gon na pursuit me in my dreams with that face
no i know that looking at the full image i was just saying my 1st impressions from the thumbnail .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
rule 4c posts must involve bgs or relate to the bg community .
we will not allow for threads solely about makeup or makeup brands because there are subs like r/makeupaddiction r/muacjdiscussion and r/beautyindustrychatter for those types of discussions .
if you have any questions or concerns about this do not respond to this comment instead please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fbeautyguruchatter .
i feel like many of the songs would be a perfect fit for a metroidvania type of game .
at one point the cubans was pushing them hard and they actually moved one of their nukes into the karoo with the intention of popping one off in the atmosphere with the tacit message being cross our border and your capital cities are next . ''
you see south africa had canberras and buccanneers that could drop a nuke deep in the african countries mozambique and angola without them having a real hope of interception if the saaf put their weight behind a proper attack .
fortunately for everyone involved the sandf sadf back then managed to turn the tide of the advances against them and this never happened .
if you want to draw a parralel let 's assume that conventional targeted strikes manage to take out all the delivery methods but not destroy all the nuclear weapons .
it is not beyond reason to assume that kim would detonate a nuke in one of his big cities in a massive hostage play to keep his enemies at bay .
did n't ros reappear in king 's landing as one of the whores tortured/killed by joffrey ?
your post has been deleted because gifs posted to this subreddit must be hosted on imgur.com http imgur.com or self hosted on reddit .
consider reuploading your gif to imgur.com http imgur.com gfycat.com http gfycat.com or uploading it through reddit itself .
if you feel like you 're getting this message by mistake feel free to contact the moderators message/compose ? to 2fr 2fbettereveryloop subject=i 20can 27t 20get 20this 20gif 20past 20the 20automoderator .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bettereveryloop if you have any questions or concerns .
the main article only has boyle 's statement and haqqani network 's statement .
i was asking about if the tpp or afghan taliban killed the fc personnel which was n't in the originals post link
someday a real second coming of hitler is going to happen .
you guys are all going to scream and point but no one will listen because oh the left says everybody they disagree with is hitler . ''
most trump supporters are n't these mindless robots that follow him blindly just like most obama supporters were n't that way .
but when you demonize trump supporters this aggressively and vehemently you are making it really hard for them to admit they do n't agree with trump on every issue .
when you act this way trump supporters reasonably double down on their support of trump and why not ?
you guys will call them nazis no matter what .
might as well stick it to them by supporting trump even though they may disagree with his actual policies .
if a lv100 garchomp with halved hp uses outrage on some bidoof does he get fully healed or does he only get healed by a tiny amount ?
hope you do n't mind when i page you in these .
you 're the first person that comes to mind !
on clan side we will be shifting to big alpha from dps again .
probably people will start treating a full set of heavy lasers or small pulses close range brawling seriously again .
i enjoyed it but you 're totally right about the payoff !
i 'm typically not a fan of unsolved cases so i 'm a bit biased but i definitely thought there would be more .
it did make me think about victims and families of victims of unsolved crimes and how they do n't get closure .
i 'm surprised at how many people are saying they do n't drink coffee .
i 'll sometimes drink tea but generally only in colder weather .
it 's less about the caffeine and more about the warmth .
it wo n't hurt to wait to confront meddler until after counseling .
if you still feel like you need to confront them i can respect that choice .
anyone should look up harmony of the seas if they are n't aware of her .
i do n't know why they insist on making whoever is acting play te role of an asshole .
you 're actually pulling a little too fast off the floor .
you want the first pull think floor to knees to be slower and controlled instead of ripping it off the ground .
the real acceleration happens just above the knees in an explosive movement .
when you do the segment pulls you should halt the bar just below your knees just above your knees where your quads start and at the top of your thighs a few inches below your hips .
your first halt looks good second halt should be lower and 3rd halt should be where your 2nd one is currently .
i feel like sword users deal with him fine .
you just need to bait him since attacking him will pump his steady breath
oh dude that blue and white striped one is the fucking business
social welfare is a form of marxism as it transfers tax revenue from the state to people who have not earned it .
you see in contrast to capitalism marxism and related systems do away with the 'earning ' and instead make everyone and everything property of the state so they have incentive to keep people poorly educated impoverished and unable to work skilled jobs .
you see this is what populism which trump is and marxism share in common a hate of intellectuals which is very ironic as it is usually intellectuals leading parties and political movements .
i 'm an elitist and i believe that especially as automation renders entire professions meaningless that the opportunity will arise for new professions for people of all talents .
instead of pacifying people with welfare i want to see them succeed and if that means they need to learn and abide by the system of capitalism to do it so be it .
i also believe strongly in voluntary charity as i actively volunteer in soup kitchen job training programs i teach system administration and for habitat for humanity .
as the old adage goes teach a man to fish youll feed him for a lifetime .
give a man a fish you 'll feed him for a day .
fiscal irresponsibility is a common trait among the poor .
and there you are again implying i 'm callous .
i 'm gon na need to keep a tally .
cheating in monogamous relationships have become socially acceptable and divorce virtually always favors the woman even if she did the cheating so there is considerable incentive for both a cheating woman and a woman whose husband cheat to divorce .
i advocate for monogamy because i believe it is the most moral relationship and i do not believe in moral relativism unlike some people who are totally fine with the implications .
if you 'd like to block me the button should be in your inbox .
that would be great if you did that then i dont get your down votes and you dont reply to my posts with more progressive drivel .
the nats made us look good the dodgers make us look like an 80 win inexperienced wild card team .
we have put i fear into them while our bullpen is obviously full of fear
the thing is basically hot and new are two completely different things and the people at new love low effort shitposting and casual autistic conversation about teen stuff and they 're the ones who are mad .
have you talked to your pediatrician about the continued screaming ?
my son was similar until we did several things .
i cut dairy we put him in reflux meds he also was on gas drops we also did lots of bouncing jiggling walking etc with him until we got everything figured out .
here i was with a much loved and wanted baby and i just could n't make him happy .
i was back at work my husband was working part time neither of us were sleeping enough and that was only one child .
we found our magical recipe and our son turned into a normal baby sleeping crying eating pooping cooing smiling
i really believe that when a baby cries this much there is something else going on .
did you cut dairy and soy completely checking all labels ?
why she look like the white girl who thinks she 's black https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nmf9crmlfdk tho
mwr was more of a team like rcr without kevin harvick hell even with harvick they were good for top 10 and even top 5 but they always seemed to not have what it took to win reliably .
how many wins did the organization as a whole have ?
and even at their best they would be incredibly inconsistent with how they would finish .
ultimately truex going ffr and hitting this good stride is similar if not the same as harvick going to shr .
drivers that have shown they can be great and once they have a car under them that they can be great with they go and kick ass .
i took the buttplug out so u/smokes_degrass could drain my swamp .
ill put it back in when hes done tho .
well at least scientists way smarter than me are quite certain .
even the most rigid of objects will eventually succumb to tidal forces .
these forces will create so much stress and heat within the object that it 'll weaken any structural integrity to the point of collapse .
even a solid diamond planet would succumb to a more massive object 's gravitational forces .
well they all bend and dance around each others gravity there do n't they .
i have the identical king cab even the same wheels except i put autobot decals on the center caps
ben mcadoo is so friggin pissed that ya ca n't find crystal pepsi anymore .
is there a way to get treatment for that ?
saw something on tv once about a pedophile chemically castrating himself so he would n't have those urges .
or maybe this is just setting us up for more disappointment ...
this comment does n't add anything to the discussion but i would love to see the average rating to how did you feel about this map '' question when it came to hanamuru or however the fuck it was spelled .
recently i got a surgery that basically replaced my jaw and i have to wear braces for the next three years because i got tired of explaining it to people .
it 's a shame there 's not more to do in timberline falls because it really is a wonderful zone .
i do n't want to type it in to my computer .
and it 's one dodgy deck out of 20 so i 'm not kept up at nights right ?
unfucking this thing is a bit of a long-term project .
and then when he says its just food '' i just wanted to scream .
maybe its just food yo him but to somebody who has one bed in their home and sleeps on a dirt floor it is something way more than just food . ''
i 'm a student in college but i also work 2 jobs .
one day a week at a nice grocery store and the other days i work as a success coach for ged students by giving them guidance through their journey to getting their ged .
i have a couple watches but my two best are a damasko and tudor black bay .
took me many months of putting money aside for each .
i do n't spend much on drinking partying or any of the other big money sinkers .
but i still make sure to have fun in other areas in life !
disclaimer i 'm a diabetic and my levels were going low as i was writing this .
manage users for monitoring software in code like using terraform everything else is federated using saml from corporate sso solution .
you are correct they did not all survive but it looked good for a short period of time
i 'm still looking for that shortcut that i think gordon and them guys are taking ... '' dale earnhardt jr. sonoma pre-race 2003
h264 and 265 should play smooth on that system w/o any issues .
eventually everyone will be too worried about 3s and find ways to stop them we go back to the basics
for modded/forge issues try r/feedthebeast since that is where the modding community hangs out .
what are the measurements on the jeans and id on jeans on the left side of thumbnail ?
all we had to do is come out swinging but we came out bunting and kept punting all game .
a joke of a preparation that might have cost us sanders for the year .
just shit fucking coaching and i ca n't say it enough and i ca n't be pissed enough .
haha i 'm playing xc3d for the first time right now and thought sharla was more provocative than pyra .
when i see pyra i see a design that seems influenced by the virgin killer '' sweater when it comes to her armor .
there are also all sorts of cop out reasons for why pyra would have physical attributes like she does ... like compared to other blades i 'm guessing she 's from a more exalted background and one might expect both her power and beauty to be uncommonly high by comparison .
it 's a bit of a trope but why not ?
i beleave the flame cloak and dunmer power only work to keep you warm when in water again needs confirming .
best bet might be hot soups to get through these areas .
yeah for some reason the game gave me black ice for the mp5 and the f2 ... and also fleur de leux skins for the f2 .
so i mean any twitch amine wan na help my sorry ads out please
i keep getting urged by my therapist to get a replacement mom
nargacuga apparently was actually based on the team documenting cat movements so i guess him ?
i wondered about it too it seemed to come out of nowhere .
i 'm not an expert when it comes to grammar so take this with a grain of salt .
i look at it as you scored a hole in one on multiple holes not multiple ones .
i run in the mornin around 5 am when it 's still dark outside at least here in medellin colombia and 18°c that 's how i like it .
i saw potential on his bowl game his junior year but did n't see anything other than backup his senior year .
i think the speed at which him stepping down occurred was sped up by the reddit posts absolutely .
not a 1chip but will still get a pretty good sharp rgb picture .
it 'll be 70 and i 'll test it to see if it needs brightness adjustment with 1.2kohm resistors .
also will replace the stock vreg with a 78s05 to remedy any vertical lines .
i could easily see this game going to like 50 0 .
the quarterback that played the entire last game sat on the field with his head in his hands after the loss .
if bama puts up a couple quick scores we will shut down .
sold when the kids started rag tops too cold in winter .
but i would n't buy any other jeep model .
i just had the worst stomach pain had ginger ale put salt in it and had a bit and it got a lot better
rwby by most fans account along with reviewer accounts only get 's good at ... 3 and a half volumes in .
are n't the 1st 2 volumes like ... 1.5 hours ?
i remember 1st finding rwby on netflix and going through what i thought was like 1 or 2 episodes and it was actually multiple seasons .
it wo n't affect anything except jacking up the price of ammo and pissing off gun owners .
i 've messed with jamming a couple of branchwalkers without changing my mana and it 's been just decent but i 'm much more hesitant on speaker with fetches+trops .
one of the big advantages i have is how little i care about land disruption like blood moon wasteland and stifle as well as being able to play my own disruption in the form of back to basics .
that 's a huge cost to pay for pretty much a vanilla beater .
my only suggestion is to keep up with the massaging daily and if you feel like you can go up a half sizes instead of one whole size
i do not have want or even like children but they are my sister 's whole world and i would not hesitate to take a bullet for either of them .
came back slower than ever with a horrible gimmick terrible promos and did n't put anyone over .
i managed to get to the survey form but i ca n't progress any further .
i did a little trick to cut out the redirect link part in the url code to get to the survey page .
right now i am having performance issues in steamvr home with the 17.10.1 drivers .
in addition crossfire does n't seem to operate properly in 17.10.1 .
so far i rolled back to 17.9.3 and that has corrected the problems .
what i did to get to the survey page .
after being dead last for the last 2 seasons i 'll take it
i ca n't tell if you 're joking or trying to be mean but it 's not as simple as that .
i 've done everything necessary to market myself updated resume created profiles on all the job search sites in my area contacted people in my network for leads even paying for linkedin premium however even in advertising you can have a good campaign and not get the results you want .
as i keep singing to myself just keep swimming just keep swimming ''
the sheep or was it the boy who cried wolf ?
i was online last saturday and got one of those and i was n't getting any pings .
and when i finally did it was not blitz .
when i play frost in the plains i use the bubble and wait till animal instincts mod tells me there is mobs nearby .
using frosts 4 to freeze all the enemies is the only way to see them while inside the bubble
only other idea is the root tabs are dissolving and getting out of the substrate and getting washed around .
nobody can imagine how nothing could turn into something .
nobody can get an inch nearer to it by explaining how something could turn into something else . ''
there 's a bottle of this stuff sitting on the shelf at a local liquor store .
i buy both my dorco and vokshod blades from amazon in 100 packs and have never had an issue with counterfeit blades .
different blades do work differently depending on the razor for me .
the vokshods pull in some razors and glide like a dream in others so keep that in mind when shaving .
i 'm still undecided and this piece does n't help clear things up .
my take is still that durkan has more political experience and local political connections to get things done but that does n't mean that she plans to get the things '' done that i care about .
her platform seems very high level and i think she is intentionally being vague on many issues because she sees herself as the front runner and as such she does n't have to give much detail .
moon has a lot of talking points that sound kinda cool to urbanists on the surface but not a lot of substance or detail to many of those talking points .
there are really three main camps of urbanists those with a socialist vein those with a libertarian vein and those in between i 'm concerned that she is too much in the socialist camp .
and the fact that she co-authored the stranger 's piece raising concerns over chinese speculators is still a red flag for me .
i do n't want a xenophobic socialist running seattle .
but if she can convince me that she is n't a xenophobic socialist then i might be willing to vote for something other than murray 2.0 .
i care mostly about improved transit greater zoning flexibility in most of the single family neighborhoods where i live and not just the sf ares inside the urban villages that is a cop out improved separate bike lanes better tools for the police to do their jobs and a recognition that the homeless issue is a state/county issue that needs solutions at the state/county level .
also i 'd be really into a larger budget for the city arborists and a plan to expand our urban canopy with more street trees that city arborists maintain .
it hurts their cause when they exaggerate situations make up situations dehumanize their opposition place blame where none be needed etc .
in this case the administration still sent fema they still sent people and supplies they 're still working to obtain funding for pr etc .
the only argument is whether or not they 're doing enough which is debatable depending on your perspective but that 's a far cry from the trump administration is letting americans die '' .
that 's reaching quite a bit to exaggerate a situation in order dehumanize one side of the political spectrum as abhorrent monsters .
i look forward to your contributions to hedgehog literature mr fitzprickles .
meanwhile a real intrusion in the house by foreign elements from a terror-backing state being currently verified and investigated is being ignored by msm .
just like the shenanigans of her techno experts on the dnc fiasco .
the real cyber 9/11 happened when security and privacy of our shiny computer appliances was compromised by both manufacturers and alphabet agencies .
looks great my only pet peeve is the drop down menu animations transitioning the height/line-height of each li from 20px to 33px .
all personal preference but i 'm not fond of the effect visually .
the rest however is perfect and i would be completely content to have this theme live on the sub tomorrow if it were possible .
she sometimes does n't even dash at 4 tiles .
she now does 1 dash at most and after that walks slowly to her death .
i 've stopped using her until sc fix her or change her dash tile to 3-6 .
it was truly dramatic being in sepia for an hour or so today !
oh great now i need to go shopping to the liquor store ...
half of the modern world still ca n't believe trump is president .
i 've got a 6th gen core i5 as my home server on 24/7 .
even with occasionally using a vm on it to transcode video it does n't cost even 40 a year to power .
clarke will be too small once we are marketed and viewed nationally on tsn/cbc .
or maybe the city will demo the west stand and build something proper in place .
fun fact those screens cost 8k 20k for no fucking reason .
well i guess it has to protect that thing on top of your body with the brain and stuff i guess .
so i initially went to school for development finished 2.5 years yes 5 semesters ... ugh before it clicked that i would n't want to do it for the rest of my life .
i do regret not just finishing my degree with that much time in .
i do sometimes regret getting into it in any form .
i still do n't have regrets of not being a developer .
basically if things had n't worked out the way they did i do n't think i would have ended up where i am .
i highly doubt that 'd ever work unless you 're playing in a bad league .
josh mccown is living proof that some qbs just take time to develop .
in his case it was something like 12 or 13 years .
i got excited at first and then i remembered i hate controlling first person games with a joystick .
if you have n't covered lists/dictionaries/etc this may be the wrong track .
i would very much like to see a collab with him .
i just started rising up arenas and got this rude welcome to arena 7
i wish the atonement would have reintroduced a better restaurant .
the main thing that varies by state is the strength of the local insurance option .
there is often a fill in the state lawyers mutual insurance company '' option .
in my state that option is extremely competitive for lpl .
where is the photo with the 400 '' numbered building ?
could 've also been a kid using his parent 's credit card and then them freaking out .
what is the optimum ratio of soup crackers to clam chowder by volume ?
trump is the bad uncle who misses your birthday party and buys you a shitty belated present but then tries to convince you that a well-chosen timely present from your favorite uncle who attended was shittier .
afterward he puts you on the spot repeatedly to thank him by boasting loudly—to anyone who 'll listen—that he 's the best uncle .
i answered your stupid hypothetical earlier but you 're bent on convincing me that i would be violent toward you and that 's somehow proof that the free market is coercive .
this has got to be one of the dumbest things anyone has ever tried to debate me on .
well what if you were on the first floor ? ''
and part of the reason is so you ca n't break my window and get in .
now explain to me how separating myself from you is coercion .
after renaming download '' the download '' folder has now changed to download '' folder with download.old '' still with the files .
so i relaunch es explorer the download '' folder has some of my missing files when this issue started i was downloading other things and they will be removed from the folder without notice so i have to download them again .
i restared the phone and now i have a new download '' folder and the download '' folder is still there along with the renamed download.old '' folder .
i mean this must be some virus i got either downloading or moving files using a pc or and external usb c otg .
thing is both the new download '' and old download '' folder are empty but when explorer is relaunched they will have both of the missing files i lost and redownloaded .
the renamed download.old '' still has all my downloaded files .
maybe the phone created a new download '' folder but why does it has the same files as the download '' folder .
i 'll try to delete the download '' folder then delete the contents of download '' and copy all files from download.old '' and see what happens .
she is a women who wants a guy that she can fix .
she left him as soon as he was n't the dark one anymore .
i suspect some kind of sphinx moth as well .
it did wiggle a bit when i first picked it up so it 's definitely still alive .
i put it in a plastic bin with some leaf litter that 'll stay outside .
hopefully it 'll hatch soon and i 'll get a glimpse of it before it flies away .
sounds like the same bullshit i was told at work a couple years ago really an empty threat ... do you work for firmus by chance ?
i kinda want to be in the katy area though .
without his magic sirius is pretty much an average if somewhat-unwell middle-aged human .
unless you 're being super nitpicky about everything it should n't even matter .
the season endings had some noticeable changes in order to make them suitable for season finales but overall pretty faithful .
i know it already has a lot of anime material but do you think it will continue based on popularity ?
majority anime are just treated as advertisement for their source material .
the manga ended in the last few weeks so they do n't really have much reason to make a third season .
unless they decided to accompany it with the last volume sale .
if it is done is it not continuing at all ?
ended last week or could be the week before in fact .
the thing about majority of the last few arcs was that it was flooded with expositional content and text instead of action almost the opposite of one piece in the way the story is told .
while still an interesting idea it became rather cumbersome at times .
the climax was decent with the way the conflict was resolved since it fit the lore very well but the ending did n't have all that much to it .
sneaky might perform better at worlds but he never looked better than dl in na .
when you look at kr/cn or eu they all have a much better pool of adc .
you can buy nba2k from like 3 years ago used for a low price if you to cheap to buy the new one
one thing i can mention is you do not have to shift entire distance .
you can look slightly at the ground and it will stop you sooner .
that way you can be within sword distance after shifting .
i have nov 3 185 cs that i 'm holding .
if they shut down the servers for d1 the people that are still playing it instead of d2 will just move on to other games .
i do n't think bungie is dumb enough to completely shut down d1 for at least another year or so .
yea you just got ta realize most people are on ur side especially if it 's a random person they are probably rooting for you to get her number
guess he could n't go with his uhhh their phone was n't working '' excuse again ?
i would say kaz grows as a character by the end .
he stops being fixated on curing his pain by lashing out and expecting revenge to have changed anything but that is n't saying much when he 's still wanting both huey and quiet executed after the events of episode 43 and he and diamond dogs just repeat the same shit endlessly for another decade despite learning what they do .
venom has a character arc that ends with him deluding himself and following the will of big boss and shattering his image of himself to live a lie .
i 'm really not sure you could call this a character arc because we do n't know anything about venom 's former life and spend the majority of the game believing like him that we 're big boss .
he wakes up from a coma believing he 's big boss and then one day finds out that he is n't but goes along with it anyway .
i get what you mean by referring to how he shatters the mirror but i 'd call this a thematic arc more than anything .
as big boss his character arc is the same as everyone else .
he just goes in deep and never looks back or makes a change .
as much as i love zimmer his lack-of-awareness to all things clock/timeout related makes me kinda doubt that haha
for the short term have you considered not touching her for a while and give her loads of space to get back to normal ''
turn it around on her set a realistic date then if your still unhappy walk away .
at least you tried i know how bad it gets ... try it for a few weeks as a test and see what happens .
i get what you 're saying and it makes sense to an extent .
however there is a line to be drawn ... for instance why why do we have laws that penalize parents for not strapping their kid into their car seat ?
because people are dumb in case you have not noticed .
also not all parents who give their kids star war battlefront 2 this holiday season are going to be aware of the psychological games that these large businesses play when trying to pry more money from your hands .
they know star wars and they know video games .
most i am guessing what know what the heck a loot box even is .
and uncle sam would n't be doing the parents job as much as it would be appropriately regulating an industry ... you know the purpose of it 's existence .
patriots next week down the stretch he has the jets and the saints twice .
the 343 does n't work it has destroyed our midfield and our attack .
we are n't creating chances and we are n't scoring compare our players goal tallies to other top six teams its a pathetic comparison .
we 100 need to chance to a back 4 whether it is a 4231 or a 433 .
we were top scorers in the league until like january last season we 've added lacazette but have gotten worse its ridiculous .
when lacazette is up front he makes runs in behind but nobody besides ozil is able to thread a pass our long balls are inaccurate and there is only so many times we can waste possession trying these passes .
when giroud came on problems with the 343 really opened up .
we would kick balls up to giroud to win and there was not a player within 15 yards of him why ?
i was excited when wilshere was coming on i thought we 'd finally have more of a presence but that was scrapped .
in short the formation kills our midfield and attack it does not make us more stable at the back and it certainly does n't suit any of our players .
he is too busy walking this earth like a god .
fans of a division rival coming into go ahctually https imgur.com/a/oqgly about a rule is n't the purpose of an r/nyjets sub just like us coming in and say oh yeah brady definitely told the ball boys to deflate those balls '' would n't go over too hot in r/patriots .
i do n't walk into where you work and slap the dick out of your mouth .
there 's not time enough in the world to take out all of that trash .
he will do anything mentally to rationalize why his brother is still a good guy .
i keep a running list of the cost-per-player-per-hour '' of games in my collection here https boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/62318/calculate-games-cost-player-hour
i cringe when i hear adults say heck or especially something like heckin good time ''
let 's see how they do through the rest of the knockout and next u20 world cup in 2019 before you shit all over him .
sent vikings into england and fucked their shit up then took over a whole bunch of the countryside and called it the danelaw .
then took over the entirety of england and then left off again .
actually it was only one war kinda and then afterwards trying to remove danish culture from the area .
the 1848 war was more a war against schleswig-holstein then against germany .
gave us great film directors like lars von trier thomas vinterberg and nicolas winding refn .
i think if the words are used in an insulting manner then the post is removed if they use symbols the mods will just remove it .
you 've been here for a while so i 'm pretty sure you know about our no trolling policy .
that 's all i know really .you can message the mods for more details .
well gw2 is at 40/50 fps with everything on low .
i hav n't enabled either fullscreen or vsync in any game since a while will try tonight with both enabled .
ca n't play atm but i 'll post some graph this evening after checking what i can do with xtu and afterburner .
so far the xtu benchmark gave me a 893 score .
i like the unisex bathrooms for this also sex in public places is very fun .
bethesda has made no attempt to kill 3rd party modding yet ... but i would n't be surprised if es6/fo5 never get proper support .
it was clearly sarcastic i wonder who upvoted that statement .
there are n't a lot of teams that nv can scrim with .
they already proved themselves by basically beating every na team in contenders .
cat 's cradle and the sirens of titan by kurt vonnegut
the main purpose of the ec was really to give slave states more of a say in elections .
it should n't have existed to begin with but abraham lincoln should 've abolished it after the civil war .
i really do n't know how people can do this .
not just the talent i mean the whole drawing something that will be washed off eventually .
i just could n't bring myself to even start .
i 'd be in tears if i could draw this good and the rain washed it away .
it really takes a special type of person to be able to basically do this and just walk away .
i pushed someone over because they wet willied me .
i think i was more disgusted than embarrassed though .
please respond with done '' when complete so we can check this one off the list !
so most of these issues sound like standard scaling problems .
you point out something that 's expensive to invest in but it 's not the absolute costs of expansion that make a product more expensive .
a linear growth in costs is matched by a growth in income from volume .
but if the growth in costs becomes geometric for instance if employment demand ca n't be matched and it becomes necessary to start paying everyone higher salaries to entice new workers i can see it .
i can imagine they can only support so much of a traffic increase before congestion becomes a problem that shipping companies do n't really have any power to address .
have you tried going to dungeons or wrestling munches ?
most people that i know with wrestling/rough body play/take down kinks are n't actually aggressive in everyday life are just normal people and are very smart .
my experience might be a little skewed as far as intellectualism and kink since i 'm the president of my university 's kink club and i often organize kink events with other top universities in the area .
however i absolutely think it would be worth it to check out take down related munches and dungeon events even if you do n't find a single girl with a quiet intellectual demeanor you can have a larger community of people who share your kinks !
there is if you actually search also alot of people on the discord that are really helpful as well for anyone learning new characters .
so a lot of the women were left to die .
also a lot of fighting age men left widows who may not have had kids after .
i had to lose a whole heap of weight before i began to see '' it .
it was n't until other people began to notice it or when i saw old photos that i really began to notice the aesthetic differences .
the scale is moving and that 's the most important thing .
bet u need 9k stability to hit 1 headshot .
fuckin scrub i know what u players are like ive seen u evolve from the sticky to the cluster to the airburst then to the flame turret most of you totally incapable of using a gun to beat someone else .
now i dont mind flame turrets or shock its simple ... . just run away .
but a 12.5 reduction in damage isnt that much when fiercest is adding most of that back anyway .
i missed the recent touchdown challenge because of this bug .
or i know she 's easily forgettable but my girl sombra makes him kind of useless too even more with the new buff
i would say if you 've never done an open mic then you 've written zero actual standup jokes because you do n't know if they 're going to make a crowd laugh yet you 've just written some ideas .
not a math expert but i think that means the rate increases infinitely because you start writing based on what in your experience will make people laugh .
when exploring if night is gon na fall i 'd rather go back to base and build things if the sun is going to rise i would stay a bit longer if my inventory isnt full .
we need a some players on xbox one may still experience performance issues '' quick chat .
you get what you pay for '' as the saying goes but you 'd like to see us find a few more diamonds in the rough if possible .
the buys are always out there to be had .
all bought for 5m or less at one point .
it 's totally unrealistic to think that arsenal are going to find every cheap star out there and if anyone could do it routinely they 'd be the best club in the world .
i get that the expectation of just finding some world class talent for 5m is n't hugely realistic but it can be done and if we 're not going to outspend our rivals then we need to be better than them at scouting .
i look at our last few windows and i do n't see a lot bang for your buck '' besides maybe holding .
hector was a great signing but that was also 6 years ago .
there 's overwhelming consensus on climate change plus sam has done an episode on it .
this is a symptom of multiple forces at work mostly automation and wealth concentration .
this is a topic best left to economists anyway .
what exactly is there to talk about regarding this ?
anything halfway constructive would be extremely wonky epidemiological talk any attempt to popularize the topic would be pointless fear-mongering .
like the wages thing this is a symptom of other factors at play .
discussing fptp in the context of american politics is utter mental masturbation as changing it requires a constitutional congress .
if your fix for polarization is getting rid of fptp you 're fighting windmills .
and a large number of americans unironically hate their countrymen .
and the dogmatic anti-pluralism of campus progressives '' is a big part of why that hate exists .
as a left-of-center public intellectual sam 's better equipped to address the problematic behavior on his side of the spectrum .
do people seriously think college students being goofy is the number 1 problem plaguing society ?
professors have been hospitalized after being physically attacked when protecting a speaker .
it 's also not just contained to the usual loony bins of berkley et al it 's now spread to yale and harvard where students are earnestly opposing toleration of opposing viewpoints .
they will be largely solved by people coming through american universities .
and if those universities become politically correct echo chambers where even discussing the wrong topic causes a hysterical uproar from what are increasingly viewed as paying customers '' you 're going to have a problem solving issues especially politically charged social problems like income inequality and employment .
the cause du jour of the far left is currently race and gender because crying racist ! ''
is such an amazing debate-killer but it 's not unreasonable to assume they 'll pivot back to economic issues .
and as someone born and raised in the ussr i want to emphasize that having marxist ideologues solving economic problems is not a desirable outcome for anyone .
edit i 'd also like to point out that sam talked about the changing economy stagnant wages and all that jazz with charles murray a person heavily featured in the whole deplatforming politically incorrect voices on campus thing .
ah we 're not ... which is why there 's so many comments !
oh hey you sound like me 1.5-2 years ago !
apparently it 's not normal for cishet men to wonder what being a lesbian would be like for more than like a second ?
and it 's apparently definitely not normal for one to wonder what that would be like just about everyday of their lives and deep down if they 're honest everytime they do they want to cry at how unfair it is that they do n't get to be one .
it 's okay to take your time and work things out at your own pace .
i took like a year to go from where you are to accepting i 'm a trans girl even though way deep down in my bones i 've known it ever since i learned about transgender people when i was a preteen .
and finally it 's okay to decide that you 're not trans .
depression fucks with your head a ton and i see no reason why it ca n't convince you that life would be so much better if you were a girl .
why would it fixate on that if there was n't already something there ?
literally in the case of clothes but you can also try an identity on .
i spent months on the internet with a female persona before acknowledging that it 's literally the most comfortable i 've been with socialising in my life .
no that does n't make you a creepy perv that idea can fuck all the way off shave your legs !
bears go into the same category as wolves in my mind .
i said 25 lbs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we 're approaching levels of acrobatics never seen before this is like twilight zone in narnia .
the whole strategy continues to be what could we possibly do to pass for the biggest victims and then doing just that .
daym drops he makes awesome food reviews in his car and he 's so charismatic .
the problem with your argument is that literally every source on earth disagrees with you .
the problem is that the worthiness of a degree is measured by median salary as a function of the investment and the overall unemployment level of said degree .
with this degree you look at a 10-12 unemployment rate and a 40 non sector employment rate that is combined 60 of the people who earn said degrees are either unemployed or they work in a sector irrelevant to the degree they chose .
the breakdown of that 40 is overwhelmingly service with manufacturing skilled trades and other employment not listed above first sector employment such as forestry agriculture mineral and resource extraction rounding out the list .
further other degree fields that fall under the bad investment category tend to have the highest turn over and experience recession related financial constraints the highest out of any other degree .
you can say it 's untrue as much as you want but i challenge you to find sources which disagree .
overwhelmingly examinations of the question have reached the same conclusions as the georgetown studies that is if you want to pursue the arts and social sciences you should either combine the study with a more practical major or go for a graduate degree .
you call it dumb but it is what the data says .
i 'd advise against ignoring someones point when the data shows that comparing a degree with a job placement at 40 vs a hobby in which one is able to reduce stress .
the actual point that one actually has known benefits and the other causes undue stress and long term financial suffering for those who have not matriculated to graduate and post graduate level study itself found to be more stressful than even the bachelor level results due to the constraints for further research in order to maintain relevancy and funding as well as the pitfalls of management and development of teams .
as you ignore the real point that a game serves as a positive hobby when taken in moderation like any hobby such as model train building for instance that has overall benefits towards stress relief and thus serves a valid purpose in society .
however if you really want to open that can of worms how often do we hear of sociological studies being unable to be reproduced ?
if you have time i could list off a number of major ones .
especially well known ones which when reproduced returned different results than when performed despite several attempts to reproduce the original finding .
if you asked me to decide which one was legitimately beneficial i 'd take a hobby over a non reproducible flawed study which gets fallaciously used as an example of oppression '' any day of the week .
been on repeat since friday like 10 times already .
i got two 3 day affinity boosts out of my dozen rewards .
other than that there was a wyrm fireworks a forma and a bunch of latron bps .
to make it more unethical you can steal the ring !
love the isdt q6 plus https www.amainhobbies.com/isdt-q6-plus-compact-dc-lithium-battery-charger-6s-14a-300w-isd-q6/p607105 ? gclid=cj0kcqjwszhpbrclarisac-vmpbxy3sgwqirphy7ksbfcp8rw-axx_fhodhzagk1mmejgf1enxdoausaakjiealw_wcb .
needs a dc power supply some use a laptop or xbox power brick .
buy a para board and you can charge something like 6 batteries at a time .
i know it 's past dinner time but my significant other and i would be down to grab food some time .
we 're also from sgv and we love to eat .
we actually work for a tiny mom and pop restaurant .
if you 're interested you can swing by we 'd love to serve you !
hope you can get time enough for yourself everybody needs it .
it certainly could be in the battle but it 's not as close as we think .
i mean guatemala 's sierra del mico https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ed/r c3 ado_dulce_y_sierra_del_mico-cropped.jpg/1280px-r c3 ado_dulce_y_sierra_del_mico-cropped.jpg mountain range is 60km long .
as as far as capital ships go it is a big .
mirror glaze will bring up more results because of clever food marketing and instagram pinterest etc .
i 've been sitting in queue for verification for freaking ages
not using the politics etc tag in a post about gun control
i 've opened over 20 packs on my titan and keep on getting the auto rifle .
geth 1.6.7 is still at block 4369999 while geth 1.7.3 is at block 4370319 right now .
because all the wealth is concentrated at the 1 .
i asked someone who upload a little of the vegas show on youtube and they said they did play it .
i picked orange on the basis that he looked like the sort of guy who would whip me at video games as a kid .
from the original pic of them together james ' looked way better to me but after seeing manny 's closeup he did such an amazing job and i kinda like his better lol .
anthem blue cross explicitly does not cover ffs but they will cover 80 of srs so at least there 's that
according to the brief history of the empire http en.uesp.net/wiki/lore brief_history_of_the_empire pelagius dismissed all of the elder council and allowed only those willing to pay great sums to resume their seats . ''
on the other hand uriel vi was extremely weak and the council so enjoyed its unlimited and unrestricted freedom to promulgate laws and generate profits that uriel vi was not given full license to rule until 307 when he was already 22 years old .
... by the time he came to the throne the mechanisms of government gave him little power except for that of the imperial veto . ''
but existence of power struggles does n't change the political system .
real life monarchs were often dependent on the nobility who naturally limited their power even though the laws did not .
that looks like either you need to reboot or if you reboot it will never turn on again .
just mine it ... it 's designed for normal users to be able to mine ...
i suppose we can expect this kind of behavior from 18 as well ?
i lived in ethiopia which is a major source for maids in the gcc and trust me everyone knows what they could be potentially getting themselves into .
they even have programs about it on state television and all will receive training on what to do if something goes wrong .
this has been going on for decades now and people are very aware of what could happen .
but they still continue to go because it still pays relatively well and it 's not always a horrible situation .
he has real memories he 's several years old funny as that sounds .
his memories include a picture of zhora the dancer with the snake .
did you watch the director 's cut '' from 1992 or the final cut '' from 2007 ?
you did pick up on all the right clues to the mystery but the whole point of it really is that it 's a mystery .
villeneuve worked hard to preserve it in the new movie .
i do n't know where you are in germany but where in all hell do you have to wait outside of the office ?
and you do n't need it in the morning .
you have to inform your employer that you will not come because you are sick .
that should be done as soon as possible like 7am .
then you wait until 8am until the doctors office will open .
then you phone your doctor and ask when it 's probably best you come in to have less wait time .
you only have to have the certification of your doctor from the same day and you should put in the mail on that day if possible or bring it in the office the next day .
and a lot of good employers in germany allows self certification .
owls have powerful talons which help them catch and kill prey .
an intelligent man would never allow partisan politics to compromise their sound judgment .
on the other hand mcconnell wallows and gloats over his willful stupidity .
here 's a sneak peek of r/pay_respects using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/pay_respects/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
1 r/osugame my cat called monstrata '' sadly passed away osugame named her a year ago so this is my tribute to her .
3 r/tropicalweather we are tied up in port lavaca with another boat sitting out harvey https np.reddit.com/r/tropicalweather/comments/6w1jmj/we_are_tied_up_in_port_lavaca_with_another_boat/dm4s0aa 2 comments https np.reddit.com/r/pay_respects/comments/6w294e/rtropicalweather_we_are_tied_up_in_port_lavaca
i play on very low on everything except low textures and medium view distance .
does that final surma look appear sad to you like it does to me ?
only answer them if they have told you what they have done first to solve the problem .
this is n't the thing people like to hear but there are just some people that do n't have the common sense or skills to be in a work environment like that .
sometimes your best option is to get a new employee .
clarification i think cybernetic enhancement will make some big leaps forward during connor 's career . ''
look man if i got ta stare at my character 's ass all day it may as well be a tushui tushie . ''
he stood for the anthem and covered where his heart should be when melania reminded him .
that 's respect for our veterans and service members .
i 'm a graduate student in a doctoral program and so i guess you can say i 'm kind of stressed .
i 'm experiencing jaw pain by the joint and i catch myself clenching my teeth at random times during the day .
while i 'm not 100 sure i think i grind my teeth at night as well .
i 've spoken to one of my friends who is a dental student and he suggested a mouth guard .
is this the proper thing i should be looking to getting ?
i do n't have dental insurance any idea how much i am looking at paying out of pocket ?
and are mouth guards supposed to completely replace retainers as well ?
i had braces as a kid and i 'm still keeping up with my retainers though i need to get new ones made as well .
my build http www.userbenchmark.com/pcbuilder/custom/s1320-m203.7683vss0-m ? tab=hdd i found some deals online so i just put it together let me know of any improvements i could make
the following post by kallebo1337 is being replicated because the post has been silently greylisted for 0.4 hours .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
my name is matt and i am part of a french startup called oria .
we are developing a connected ring midi controller that lets you control sound effects with hand gestures .
a few months ago i posted on a few subreddits in some kind of ama to present the project and to gather some feedback to know if we were headed in the right direction .
rather than having a long written description of what the ring can do here is our latest video about the concept https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yyx01fjd9co and here is a video of the wired prototype in action https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4d_1ssmbur0 .
during these last months we got a lot of positive feedback we improved the hardware and the software and we are finally able to take our prototypes out of our lab !
we want to launch a beta tester campaign so that the ring can be developed alongside musicians that can tell us what they really want .
we already have several pioneers that are delighted to be part of this program and we are now asking on public platforms !
if you are interested or if you ever know anyone that might be send us an email at pioneer.user oria.io !
since i wanted to keep this post short feel free to ask me anything and i will try to answer as precisely as possible !
otherwise if you wish to know more you can leave us your email on our website http www.oria-ring.com ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=post or follow us on facebook https www.facebook.com/oriaring
i want you all to know that i had no idea scott made this post .
he loved our daughter and being a dad since it came easy to him .
he died in his sleep in his and i got this email with the account and the request to post this saying he could n't himself .
i want to thank everyone who commented or pm 'd me from my original post https www.reddit.com/r/parenting/comments/6861wn/35_year_old_dad_diagnosed_with_a_terminal_illness ? utm_content=title utm_medium=user utm_source=reddit utm_name=frontpage i thought you could use an update as to what i did .
i spent every moment with her she 's learning so much so fast ! !
we played took pictues and made stupid little home movies .
we painted and coloured for almost a week straight !
i spent it with her making memories so she 'll remember as i was .
i emailed the address i made for her several times.a day .
just stories of me when i was a stupid kid fathrely advice pictures of us stuff like that .
i bought 16 years worth of christmas/birthday cards and presents .
they 're all at my bank and will be released for her when it 's the time .
i bought 3 bottles of wine that were bottled on her birthday .
one for her graduation one for her wedding and one for when she has her first child .
i 'd like to thank all that commented or pm 'd me .
your all loved and i hope that you can read the words if a dead man and grant me one last request .
never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them .
i logged in this morning and am moved by your kind words .
i hope the message he shared is taken to heart and you tell someone you love how much you care .
i 've gotten pm 's from several kind hearted people asking if there was a way to donate to help our daughter and while appreciated there 's no need .
please if you want to do something kind then donate your time at your local shelter to help those less fortunate feel like they are loved or to any cancer research charty so we can stop this from happening to other families .
we love you all and please let your hearts be open to nothing but love .
i 'm having a relaxing a day and hoping to spice it up with an interesting chat .
i 'm interested in women who work hard and are in control either at school or their jobs but have a desire to submit to a dominant man at night .
i 'd like to chat and learn more about your fantasies and desires .
i work in a creative field and like being in charge at work and in my personal life .
276 hours in and i just discovered that you could turn assembly machines to have fluid inputs from different directions .
all this time i thought they were stuck with fluid input at the top ... since every other building you rotate before you place it .
assembly machines have to be rotated once you select a recipe that requires a fluid ... ... .ughhhhhhhhhh
i know you all think this is a joke but hear me out .
look at coc hog cost quite a lot there compared to a giant .
if you compare delex to elex value it is more than double the cost .
so my proposal is make it a 6 elixir card .
but let it be able to smash every counter building with one hit except bomb tower and inferno tower they should just be able to double kill each other .
in the first year we saw the over leveled commons .
now that we entered the second over leveled rares will become common .
either we 'll have all maxed out decks including legendaries in it dominating everything above 3.8 .
or supercell will add new arenas to make it look more progressive .
or the game will die like coc did before that happens .
give him dps power similar if not equal to mini pekka that should do the trick
increased elixir cost will make it a high risk card to use
defenders can drop knight ice spirit and log/zap have an equal trade and get away with no damage .
i 'm a hog user since the second i got him .
i acknowledge that he is a easy win condition just like rg was .
so this is my ruff proposal i came up with in a minute of boredom .
when there was illegal content posted they took it down but they did n't mention reporting it .
if users are posting illegal photos/videos like cp to facebook regularly which the documentary claimed that they do do those people get reported to the police depending on what country they 're from ?
or do they just have a bunch of illegal stuff and never get more than a reprimand from fb ?
mario dr mario and the 8 bit amiibo will give you invincibility and a themed costume .
any peach amiibo other than the wedding amiibo will not give you a costume .
any bowser amiibo other than the wedding amiibo will not give you a costume .
this leaves mario luigi wario waluigi and diddy kong .
so i 'm in nofap monk mode and i work out .
but now i 'm considering supplementing with creatine and bcaa to increase my performance but i do n't know if this is going to slow down my rebooting process or affect my nofap benefits .
they are the only supplements i want to take .
no whey protein or mass gainers since i 'm trying my best at eating healthy food .
any advice on a solid app dedicated or a general purpose graphic for making topography posters in the style of draw me a song https drawmeasong.com .
i 've tried a few nothing is really coming up trumps .
most omit a basic feature to fill a shape with text rather than colour or a picture .
path on https itunes.apple.com/us/app/path-on-swipe-to-type/id596696015 ? mt=8 at=1000lwqv is text on a path
wordcam https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.wordcam.free feature=search_result and phoetic https itunes.apple.com/au/app/phoetic/id546829744 ? mt=8 use word clouds and i need to keep paragraph integrity .
all other ‘typography ' apps seem to favour short quotes on an inspirational background .
i know what i 'm asking for is probably above the 2000 price range and that 's fine .
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications for the money ?
do n't care if it detaches or has a 360 hinge .
as long as there 's a pen i 'm happy .
video editing and 3d modelling with blender art production and animation with krita .
if you 're gaming do you have certain games you want to play ?
emulators like rpcs3 and cemu and modern games like nier automata doom and overwatch .
low settings at an average fps is fine with me .
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
i want to buy something that will last with low failure rates .
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
my surface pro 4 which i use for art and animation and a desktop computer which is for media and gaming .
i 'd really like to consolidate the two devices into a single laptop but i need to have a decent enough gpu to do the gaming stuff .
i 'm aware of the surface book but it 's had a load of reported problems by users and i 'm not sure if the gpu is good enough ? .
also less important but the hinge is barely strong enough to withstand pen use without wobbling which i noticed in best buy when i was looking around .
three and a half years ago my wife and i separated .
a few months after i realised i had a problem with pmo .
i was first introduced to porn when i was 11/12 at school and was regularly viewer by 13 .
i had continued to watch porn through the marriage but it was n't as frequent .
through the depression that followed the separation and divorce it was pretty much impossible to quit pmo having lost the intimacy of what i 'd believed was a good marriage .
2016 saw my depression largely wiped away after several months of counselling and at the start of 2017 i set myself a goals of walking 1800 miles and 60 days without porn of course hoping that at 60 days i 'd just keep adding to that number day by day .
i 'll have walked over 2500 miles before the end of this week but wo n't have managed more than a 20 day streak of no porn .
i 've tried to stop focusing on the 60 day target just focusing on the here and now .
it 's now fast approaching the end of the year and as a sufferer of sad it 's a time i struggle most with self control .
most mornings if not all day are a foul mood i have more cravings for food less motivation to work and of course more need '' for sexual release through pmo .
a friend who has been supportive of my trying to quit pmo told me about nofap .
so as well as having him as an accountability partner i decided to finally post here and hopefully be able to support others too .
im not 100 sure if my keyboard is starting to go but i cant seem to hold certain keys for long before the just stop working .
example holding w down in games to walk forward will sometimes stop walking and it completely does this at random
do you guys know whats the closest match for the nars sheer glow in mont blanc is ?
1 weeks left till pc release last few spots remaining before we close to a first out first in basis .
following an older post we have set up a pc group life is a grind .
we are aimed at those who have to juggle work/real world responsibilities but enjoy gaming .
over the past couple of weeks we have rapidly grown in numbers to over 90 members from various time zones .
the core group is uk but we have various eu and na members so there should n't be any problems finding people to group up with .
currently open so feel free to join however the maximum group size is 100 therefore we will be closing our open recruitment soon after this it will be a request to join and you will be accepted if we have a leaver in the group
we have also set up a discord server so additional txt and voice chat there with various rooms set up in advance of the release our main group chat is in discord .
however if you are more of a lone wolf and just want to contribute to the clan xp and enjoy the benefits all good too .
best pattern index for shadow daggers ch and mine is the lowest fv on exchange for 56 proof https gyazo.com/426075bbe2e314b1ef885a074736ed24
b/o 250 keys pure open to item offers as well !
feel free to add me if u want to negotiate !
they gave her more shit to do and delved into her funnier and nicer side from the get-go even if it was limited at first because the manga did n't really give her much to do and barely any screen time compared to megumi .
the anime made the transition much easier and always had her as a major character usually as the cooking version of simon cowell helping out in her own harsh way .
ico price is now 1 per first token buys backs at 2 per starts in february .
or you can buy a 2 year mining contract starting in december .
check out the bitcointalk link for pics and videos devs are very active in responding .
this is a smaller ico not big fancy names and white papers full of promises .
they are already buying and setting up the mining equipment .
check out the location which is prime for mining an old soviet bunker which is 12c avg temp year round for free cooling and the very low electric cost .
i bought a chunk at pre-ico with a little skepticism but their constant updates and videos swayed me that it was n't just a fly by night scam website .
mining equipment already on order too ready for contract deployments in december
basically the title but i know what i 'm asking may not be clear .
also i 've only finished the first episode so i 'm not sure if these kinds of transitions are used throughout .
if you watch the anime and skip past the op and first scene there will be a transition card with a description of the opening scene .
i 'm wondering if this is taken from the manga or some other written material .
so early this year i began fishing for these fish for the first time ever i got lucky and ended up catching a beaut and performed cpr catch picture release .
i was bottom bouncing a 1/8 jig head with a white curly tail grub .
shortly after my gf had foot surgery and all fishing went out the window the first of june .
luckily now she has begun to have mobility again pretty well and was hoping to get a few trips in here or there and or take her with me .
anyways do these fish go back to similar patterns in late fall early winter as they do in late winter early spring ?
i am fishing in eastern kansas and will be fishing bowersock dam on the kansas river in lawrence and below clinton spillway granted the spillway lowers their cfs release down to 5 during the winter so not much water will be moving in there .
i am just trying to figure out what is the best way to try and pattern this .
i can ever provide pictures of the spots via satellite imagery to see where you all would target .
now one might wonder just how that could be the case .
government agencies like the department of extraspecies protection and settling could possibly mess up ?
now why they revealed themselves now of all times is up to interpretation but a department was nonetheless formed and barebones laws were put into place .
none of them of course prohibited sexual intercourse or the bearing of children ... that sort of thing .
it was mostly protective laws for the 'average citizen ' and outlinings of how one could become a 'host ' for these men and women though mostly women .
the only race with a great deal of males were the orcs .
a twenty-one year old nerd who while financially stable is nonetheless somewhat weak being assigned an extraspecies female to host that is ... well very capable of overpowering him .
now if that actually occurs it 's possible the balance could be restored somewhat .
but really only a couple of species would even allow that .
no no ... most of them would want one thing being able to overpower a weak if intelligent and caring human .
host eye color green shifts at times with unknown triggers to hazel
however the fate of our dear host depends upon your decision .
namely of what race you would be to live out life as you would with this host of yours .
my kinks to the best of my knowledge are here https i.imgur.com/8obpivn.png .
do look through them and tell me your own !
if you wish we can discuss them or you can simply dive in with a specimen profile somewhat similar to the host profile above .
i hope this prompt appeals to at least one partner out there and know that i have a weakness for many species of both monster and alien and you are free to ask for them .
you are also welcome to play your character as submissive if you desire and it will not deter me at all .
regardless i wish you all the best be you interested or no .
you can add me in steam for discussion but please leave a comment on my profile before adding .
just wondering what the community 's experience is with the app .
i 've been thinking about downloading it but was n't sure if i should bother .
edit wow i really did n't expect to get this many responses thank you so much !
i went ahead and downloaded the app and time will only tell if it 's as useful for me as it seems to be for so many of you .
i have permament residency 永住権 and i will leave my japanese company 正社員 and japan end of this year .
i have almost 40 days of vacations remaining so i will be paid in 2018 .
1 as i wont be resident on january 1st what happens about local taxes ?
i should not pay them and company should not take from my salary such taxes right ?
2 leaving company in november i 'll still be under employee '' status through vacations so i should be eligible to bonus right ?
i did n't do it and i can guarantee no one else in my family did .
a mercenary 's war 佣兵的战争 chapter 14 an unavoidable battle
gao yang is a carefree young man who had lived his entire life in china as a metropolitan .
inspired by his obsession with survival shows and war games he attempts to realize his fantasies by taking a small vacation to africa in hopes of getting the chance to shoot with a real gun .
as he flies across continents however his plane is ravaged by a cruel storm and he is soon left alone in the middle of nowhere .
with barely any resources gao yang faces the many unknowns inside the great plains of africa .
caught in the middle of war-torn tribes gao yang must go against all odds in order to survive in the african wilderness .
how will he fight for his life in this unknown territory and will he ever make it back home ?
not trusting the structural integrity of my flat right now
have any vegetables shocked you by how low—cal they are ?
i do n't know why but i expected them to be 30 at least .
i have 3b very thick hair a few inches below my shoulders .
right now i 'm trying different combos of the shea moisture high porosity line their argan oil almond milk spray and giovanni la natural gel .
the change in seasons always means trying new products ...
i also use the devacurl buildup buster every 1-2 weeks it 'll be less as the weather gets colder and dryer and followup with a deep treatment usually one of the sm kinds .
i wash with devacurl nopoo or shea moisture co-wash every other day-every 2 days .
i can usually get by on 2nd day hair but if it 's looking really bad like if it was super humid or raining on day 1 i 'll condition it no shampoo .
i apply my products scrunch a bit with a microfiber towel to get the excess then blow dry .
i have to diffuse my hair to get it dry .
even after 30-40 minutes of the blow dryer it still is only 80-85 dry .
then i pineapple it while i sleep and it 's completely dried in the morning .
if i do it any less i get too much frizz .
i 'm worried about damage even though i always use low heat plus spending that much time holding up a hair dryer is just plain annoying .
but i ca n't seem to get my hair to air dry .
i 've tried plopping overnight in both t-shirts and a microfiber hair towel and i think the hair being trapped inside them just prevents it from drying once the towel/shirt has absorbed all the water it can .
i 'll wake up with my hair 50 dry if i 'm lucky .
plus the towel typically ends up off my head anyway fwiw i use satin pillowcases so i have a feeling i 'm the one ripping it off in my sleep .
since it 's not dry when i wake up i get lots of frizz as i let the rest dry even if i resort to blow drying it for a bit .
i 've tried plopping and then covering with a satin cap that resulted in hair a bit dryer than plopping overnight but still too damp and dried frizzy .
the ponytail part would dry maybe 70-75 and the bottom the part underneath the scrunch would still be very wet .
i do n't even want to try sleeping with it loose .
i move around way too much in my sleep and i 'm sure it 'll end up a tangled frizzy mess .
and getting up in the morning washing it and waiting for it to dry ?
no i 'll be looking like a bathing sheepdog for at least 6 hours .
i hear some girls say they wake up wash their hair and in a couple of hours it 's dry .
is there any way i can make this work ?
or am i doomed to suffer wrist pain from holding up my blow dryer for the rest of my life ?
tl dr thick 3b high porosity hair takes hours to air dry no matter what method is used .
overnight seems impossible to both dry and prevent frizz .
blow drying is a pain in the ass and i wish i did n't have to do it .
i 've spilled some milk on my keyboard and it went crazy but do n't panic this may help you !
3 unscrew the shell of the keyboard and take off the whole pcb
4 wash the pcb with ethyl alcohol that 's what i 've used you can use isopropyl alcohol too
5 let it dry for like 10 hours a hair dryer helps a lot
6 re-assemble the whole keyboard and you 're good to go !
maybe bc i was using a heavyweight but a few body slams and my opponent already climbed the cage and escaped in a flash .
i 'm playing through origins again and am just getting done with the final stages of the circle tower fade .
i decided to bring my dog ryker with me and i was a little disappointed though still amused that all i had to do was wake him up from a nap to get him out of the fade .
i thought it would have been much more sad if instead we saw a doggy nightmare their master dead .
so a model of our character dead on the ground and we have to convince our dog that it 's not true .
or maybe another version where there 's lots of you and the dog ca n't tell which one is which .
just thought these would have been more interesting than waking our dog up .
my wife will be 40 in a month and i 'm struggling to come up with a good present .
obviously 40 is pretty big and i want it to be really good and memorable .
she is into glamour stuff like handbags shoes jewellery etc but i know nothing about that stuff .
i usually buy her some nice looking jewellery every year but i 'd like to really surprise her this time .
we live in sydney australia and my budget is around 1000 .
you literally ca n't read a book with something else on your mind .
it keeps you engaged for long time may be even for full reboot .
i 'm staying with two friends and we all own titanfall 2 on pc .
we 've been trying to queue for frontier defense together but one or two of us always gets dropped with some sort of connection error and ca n't immediately reconnect to our local multiplayer data center .
i had them tweak their launch options to use ports 27014 and 27016 because i 'd had similar problems with source games in the past but it does n't seem to have helped .
private match seems to work fine but public queues do n't .
if you have could you please share your experience and any workarounds you may have ?
i 've gotten tonsil tones for years now but i noticed about a yea r ago that on my left tonsil when i apply pressure there is a constant pus that comes out .
can it be that the crypt is shallow and the bacteria just is n't in there long enough to harden and it comes out as pus ?
no other symptoms my other tonsil is the one that always hurts when it gets stones .
is it worth buying a red membership to try and find two tickets together for the man city game on the 5th using the ticket exchange ?
i do n't want to buy the membership and not be able to get any tickets .
also how does buying tickets directly from people before the game work if you need a red membership to get into the stadium ?
i booked a trip to london and vastly underestimated how difficult it would be to get tickets however i would pay a very nice chunk of money to do so .
i had an r56 that i loved and owned until i foolishly sold it because i needed a bigger vehicle .
now i can afford to buy a used mini roadster which i absolutely love from a style perspective .
anyone have advice on which model years to avoid ?
the reason i ask is my r56 had one of the early di engines and so i had to do the seafoam dance which was a bit of a hassle .
i 'm a reasonably competent mechanic and would be doing most maintenance on the car myself but i 've stopped following the mini world
2,000 light years away kerplunk representation my fav song off the album needs to stay
welcome to paradise an underrated classic imo dookies main track and green day merch advertises it as such
brainstew/jaded if its one track on spotify its one track here and you need both .
hitchin a ride i was between this and platypus but har is better for a comp album
minority its minority and everything else off of warning is meh sorry
american idiot its american idiot you 'd have to be a real idiot to not include it
east jesus nowhere best rock beat off of 21 so it should be here .
21 guns personally dont like it but its a comp album and its iconic
not explaining trilogy stuff just need 1 song for album imo and only dos songs i could remember were fuck time and nightlife interchangeable tbh
and then the three singles off of rev rad miranda lambert are n't covering .
just my silly ideas the one we are getting also looks amazing these would just be my touch ups
i 've never heard any song of bob dylan maybe i heard like a rolling stone somewhere but just a bit of it what songs are the best for you and how should i start ?
if so any good tips to study for her test ?
on dell 's site it says all of the i7567s have an ips panel now ?
is this correct did they replace all the tn panels with ips after everyone 's complaining ?
and mov is an amazing player under a character handicap right now .
increase the range of standing medium kick it currently overlaps too much with f/b .
mp and has inferior frame data it needs a redeemable quality to make the button more applicable .
slightly increase the range of fhk tiny tiny fix .
quality of life fix to make it connect meaty after corner blockstrings without the need of a microwalk .
increase damage on all versions of lighting legs and spinning bird kick .
chun li currently needs too many touches to kill someone .
necalli and balrog can kill you in 2-3 touches chun li needs 6-8 .
reduce negative frames on blocked standing lightning legs by 2 frames allowing a pseudo safe light version to be used in neutral when spaced well or as a buffer .
increase block pushback on ex lightning legs to make it a better neutral tool .
reduce the charge time of kikokken from 45 frames to 40 frames .
this will allow it to be used more liberally in blockstrings and to fire it off more often in fireball battles .
make her v-skill jump 2 frames faster and travel a slightly longer distance .
should be more useful as a way to traverse the screen against zoners .
this fix could be done in a way to make the cc b.hp vtc v-skill combo able to connect at longer ranges giving her a nice vtc option for damage in more situations midscreen oki setups etc ... .
we need programmers who can do ai and other functionalities .
dungeon game with bloodborne combat machenics i am a programmer so you will be in my group on this project message me please .
it would mean a lot to me if someone could .
i 'll pm you the link if you 're interested .
do y'all think the v30 is going to be outdated quickly because of untimely updates lack of ai ?
the mate 10 pro made me second guess whether i should buy the v30 or not just because the mate 10 like the pixel2xl puts ai front and center .
i feel like the v30 looks good on paper but in essence is quite dumb in a smartphone age flirting with machine learning .
i 'm just wondering if anyone else has this issue .
if i search for matches via the find ranked match finder it rarely if ever finds a match .
like to the point where i can go 5 mins and that 's with searching for 1 bar .
however if i go into training mode and have it accept challenges from people with only 4 bar connections i get them in 10-20 seconds .
is there a bug that i 'm not aware of ?
at first i thought the game was already dead bought the game 2 days ago but after doing the training mode thing i think it might just be some kind of bug .
i am basically exactly 1 year from leaving the house .
tenant understands that landlord may market the premises for sale or without limiting tenant 's rights hereunder for rent at any time during the term .
landlord it 's agents and contractors will contact tenant from time to time for access to the premises .
in addtion to any other right of entry provided to landlord by this agreement or by applicable law tenant will permit landlord it 's agents and contractors to enter premises to facilitate such marketing efforts .
tenant also agrees to allow prospective purchasers and prosepctive renters and their agents or lenders to access the premises for open houses and in order to view inspect or conduct appraisals of the premises .
landlord it 's agents or contractors will give tenant not less than twenty-four hours advance notice either verbally to an adult household member of tenant or in writing of a showing open house or other need for access to the premises pursuant to this paragraph .
at landlords request tenant will vacate the premises for reasonable time period and leave the premises in a clean and ordely condition when landlord its agents or contractors show the premises to prospective purchasers or tenants . ''
at the moment i have no issues at all .
however landlord seems interested in starting to market the property .
my only issue is that i read this subreddit a lot and i want to get out ahead of any eventualities .
so first is there any oklahoma laws i should be aware of ?
in the extreme can she show the house very day as long as she gives 24 hours notice ?
must i allow someone in at 9pm while kids are going to sleep ?
it says that i have to give landlord and its agents access .
can i refuse a keybox on the grounds that such is for giving non-agents of the landlord access ?
this is for the high school fall congress packet .
i am planning on releasing an aff and neg speech for each bill including the super congress ones .
i do n't when it will be ready but i 'll post the link when it 's done .
would you like this as a baseline for congress bill writing ?
kinda like pufo cx and ld pre-made evidence packets that allow for base to make your own speeches and arguments for each side .
i have gotten push notifications but when i click into the app it is stuck at the initial loadup screen ios
we are hearing some reports of server crashes we are checking into it and we 'll post updates on the forum https www.epicgames.com/fortnite/forums/news/announcements/83486-server-crashes-watch-here-for-updates
when you cast on thinner leather the front straightens .
or at least the front would look better without casting the thread .
where 's your limit where you find it impossible to get a nice slant ?
and what tools are you using for your holes ?
i understand that this question depends on the leather and if the thread matches either the front or the lining but it 's interesting to discuss
the stitching on this watch strap looks really good and i 'm pretty sure the stitching is not casted .
is there such a thing as a secular monk ?
a person who lives in a monastery and reads writes and studies with other monks ?
hey all i 'm looking to buy an adidas swingman draymond jersey how do the small sizes fit ?
i wear a small in just about everything else including mlb majestic jerseys.. if that helps .
michael was making his way to the briefing room on the upper level at alexander 's request .
he was n't quite sure what to expect it had been over a week since the assault on the talsan forward base the last stragglers having finally returned the day prior and as far as he knew no full debriefing had been organized .
as he approached the room he heard alexander and the danger 5 every squad and team leaders idly discussing .
they quieted down and turned to look at him when he crossed the threshold to the room .
should n't i be part of the general debrief later on ?
a few of the team leaders turned their attention to alexander silently supporting michael 's question .
mike you 're going back to your group out west after you and your buddies are trained up are n't you ?
every team needs a leader so training you as a leader is part of the job as well .
now sit. he pointed to a patched up office chair .
michael uncertainly navigated his way to the chair and sat .
good now that everyone is here ... let 's recap. alexander rubbed his neck before continuing .
out of 30 we lost 7 6 wounded but recoverable 1 wounded and crippled.
that was roman he 'd lost an hand when one of the grenade had fused short and exploded in his grip .
that means we 're down to 22 dedicated field operatives 26 if you add the base guards.
we frontally attacked a frigging fish castle we fought off the entire garrison we destroyed a fucking invisible jason-bot an honest-to-goodness power-armored fish rambo we killed the entire command staff got the goods and escaped in just around 5 minutes and a half ! he looked his team over .
with the time we had we couldn't be cautious .
i 'm aware that we lost good people but honestly i 'm surprised we lost as few as we did.
he looked his three field leaders in the eyes .
and with their sacrifice we 've gained the means to avoid repeating this ever again .
with the access node that salazar and peter have been lavishly drooling over this past week we will be able to get a foothold in their network we 'll be able to strike when we want however we want for just about however long we want .
we 'll be able to move cautiously take our time do things right.
nelly julian and emilia eventually accepted that it had been after all a successful mission .
michael had to agree – he 'd been surprised at how few had died outright .
to him this spoke volume on the efficiency and ferocity of alexander 's cockroaches .
alright with that out of the way let 's talk dirty fish network access .
before i start keep in mind that me and peter have n't had much time to work on this. he assembled his thoughts .
to explain what this node will allow us to do i need to make sure you understand how the fish network is set up .
everything is basically very modular with the fishes standardized systems that work independently but interface with each other though universal protocols .
the fleet 's communication network is one system the satellite network is another system and so on .
both systems interface with each other through ciphered channels and no other way .
it 's impossible for example to connect to the fleet 's comms network and from there access and control a satellite everything is compartmentalized .
it 's annoying as hell to us technicians because we have to jump through a bunch of tiny uncomfortable hoops to do anything but on a security stand point it 's extremely solid you have so few doors to watch and protect compared to our own multi-dependent and inter-connected networks that you can completely lock down the whole system with very few resources and programs and less resources and programs needed further lessens the number of things that can go wrong.
he waited to see if anyone had a question .
this means that every network has its own key .
we have a sort-of-key into the fleet network thanks to the green stuff al got us a few months ago and now we have a full-on key for the satellite network.
now comes the good part because the fish are so confident in the unpenetrability of their system it looks as if they have almost no defensive measures once you 're inside .
basically the doors are guarded with tanks and snipers but once inside you 're free to run around naked .
obviously if we start making their satellites de-orbit and crash they 'll figure out something 's wrong the fish are pretentious not stupid so we 'll have to be smart about what we do but as long as we give them no cause to suspect something 's wrong with the satellites then we 'll be free to do whatever we want.
he leaned back content with the information he 'd transmitted .
and as i 've been saying this means that we 'll be able to run around top-side with impunity .
obviously once we do attack some position we 'll need to make it seem like we 're jamming their satellites somehow or else the fish will start asking real fast why their satellites did n't report an on-going attack but the beauty is that they wo n't start to think we 're actually inside their network !
emilia interrupted with a question will they not figure out that we have captured an access node ?
i know we flattened their base pretty well but there is still the chance they 'll be able to gather enough evidence to learn what we did.
yep excellent point which is why i asked our guys to pick up any important looking doodad during the assault .
we 're going to use fish psychology to pull a fast one here .
you know they view us as murderous savages right ? emilia nodded alexander continued .
we 're cunning and smart enough sure but if you ask a fish all we ever use that big brain of ours for is to figure out ways to kill more fish so that 's exactly what we 're going to do !
i 've had anthony and his crafty elves build a replica of the node .
we 're going to use that and all the other doodads that we do n't need to set up traps we 'll set them up somewhere booby-trap it and activate one of their tracking chips at each location .
the fish will come sniff out what 's beeping and we 'll blow up whatever poor idiot got sent to investigate .
they 'll just assume that we have no idea what we picked up and we 're just using important-looking bits to bait them .
you know just like real fishing. he produced one of his trademark i 'm so clever and funny shit-eating grin .
we 'll also run several scouting ops on the fish 's armory near boston because that 's our next hard target .
before that happens however we 'll give time to sal and peter to get us nicely entrenched into the fish systems and deploy enough electronic decoys that we can abuse our new-found access with impunity.
he closed his eyes took a slow measured breath .
from here on out we 'll have to be smart about our targets .
so far we 've just been ambushing patrols and targets of opportunity willy-nilly .
the fishes have n't been able to predict our movement because we could n't predict our movements. he looked at everyone in turn .
we 've reached a new stage a new set of rules .
i know we 've all thought about this a lot i just wanted to make it crystal clear that the stakes going to get higher for everyone involved.
he leaned back the severity he 'd just displayed evaporating .
but there 's also a very very important advantage we 're going to have communication .
salazar cleared his throat what al means is that unless we 've seriously underestimated the fish network we 'll be able to piggy-back data on their signals .
this means that we 'll be able to use world-wide communications again with moderation.
salazar and alexander let that little bombshell drop and take effect for a while .
as the full implications washed over the attendees rapacious smiles appeared .
alexander 's was the biggest of them all he was thoroughly enjoying this .
once we 've breached the satellites we 're going to start organizing all free humans into something worth calling a resistance !
he stood up and bent forward resting his hands on the pool table .
i 've said it before but people only cared about the armory .
we 'll have to camouflage everything against visual observation but it means restarting factories it means top-side installations it means a real frigging war !
that 's the next stage but there will be one last really tough nut to crack. he pointed up with one hand their ships .
as long as they have those space turds hovering above our heads we wo n't be able to recapture our world. he re-clasped his hands .
we 're not about to give up not after 4 years not now not ever.
i realize none of you observed them in action but i can tell you that if the fishes have any number of them in the armory and i need to assume they do we 're in for a shit show .
right ... right ... peter fidgeted with his stack of papers re-reading some notes .
... right. he looked around the room saw that everyone was waiting for him to talk after all and resigned himself to his fate .
so hum we will start with the stealth autonomous anti-personnel robot .
i only had a few pictures to hum review so i would need an actual sample to give you a better analysis of its capabilities but hum based on first-hand experience testimony and hum provided photography i was able to determine the hum following points. he took a small note card and started reading mechanically .
the stealth autonomous anti-personnel robot or saapr pronounced saper is thought to be a unit dedicated and specialized for offensive actions such as ambushes or stalking hunts .
its cloaking abilities appear to be a direct result of a fine lattice of light-conduction and refracting material covering its body .
said lattice is subject to disruption from physical contact with external physical objects but offers near perfect invisibility to the human eye when stationary or perhaps even during movement although it is theorized that movement would induce a femtosecond or two of delay in light rays being carried by the lattice .
peter froze for a second and seemed to fight off embarrassment .
he eventually reconnected with the present and hastily put down his note card .
right hum so when the saper moves while cloaked you might be able to see some sort of ripple in the air .
if you throw things at it the lattice will be disrupted and you will momentarily be able to see the saper .
the cloak should n't work underwater or in rain and heavy smoke should be able to partially disrupt it although you 'd have trouble seeing it through the smoke obviously .
i ca n't confirm but i would assume its legs and actuators are designed for for stealth so it probably does n't do a whole lot of sound. he looked to alexander who commented .
i can confirm me and denys had a hard time hearing it moving.
right hum it 's also equipped with what seems to be 2 modular shoulder-mounted hard points capable of accepting a variety of standard talsan weaponry or equipment which fits with the talsan 's overall design philosophies which prioritize modularity and ease of customization .
its 4-fingered grasping hands also end in large retractable claws that are at the very least strong enough rip open heavy polymer crates and sever a human body.
right hum it also looks to be very fast able to easily outrun any human and it can probably keep up with a moderately fast vehicle .
it has multiple sensors located in a roughly hemispherical portion of its torso so it can probably see everything in a 180 arc in front of it in multiple spectrum .
and you and denys killed one of those shit on a stick ? he seemed a bit incredulous .
to be honest if it had n't been for janisse 's action we would n't have had the opportunity to bring it down .
we 'll need to start bringing anti-vehicle hardware on base assaults .
like in those movies where you throw flour in the air to reveal invisible things !
peter nodded if you hum think there 's one nearby and it has n't hum killed you by then it would probably work although you 'd need to be very close you ca n't throw flour very far.
it was anthony 's turn to pipe in why the fixation with flour ?
we can make you compressed canisters and some easy way to trigger them but you 'd have a lot more reach with something with more mass like a sticky liquid – oil maybe ?
oil is relatively opaque it would block the latices from transmitting light and its viscosity means it would continuously drip and disrupt its function .
not to mention that it would leave a spread of oil on the ground which would make it easier to notice any footprints and it might make it hazardous for it to charge due to the lowered friction coefficient !
right hum so the power armor of which you actually brought one back .
as you might have seen it 's not actually armor in the strictest sense it 's more of an armature or what we used to call an exoskeleton with actuators mounted along metallic limbs and frames encasing the wearer 's body which still remains exposed to outside forces .
it does offer a number of significant advantages first it 's load-bearing meaning it does n't actually weight anything and actually amplifies the wearer 's effective strength .
secondly part of the design includes a neck collar which reads incoming nerve impulses and decodes them meaning that the armature moves in real time with your own movement or nearly so .
this process needs to be precisely calibrated since nobody has the same nervous system so any one armature is probably tied to a specific operator .
thirdly its big enough to mount a light kinetic shield similar to those found on the talsan standard armored transports and escorts .
fourthly it has 4 modular hard points that can mount a wide variety of weapon or equipment .
all in all an armature-wearing talsan is significantly more dangerous than a normal talsan soldier.
emilia posited they ca n't have too many of them .
if they did we would have seen them on the patrols .
that would make sense and you have to remember the fishes are miserly bastards .
they 'll always use the minimal amount of forces they can get away with .
those suits are probably considered overkill in most situations .
though just like what happened at the forward base when we get to the end game we should fully expect those power armor to come out.
power armor. alexander reconfirmed and firmly stared at peter who very quickly realized the correct technical term was indeed power armor .
jaye'sal softly stroked selo 's silky black fur which responded with quiet content purrs .
he swiveled his chair to look at ssar'shira who 'd just arrived at his summon .
the second in command shook his head no thank you admiral .
i wanted to hear your thoughts on this event. he leveled his attentive gaze at ssar'shira who visibly tensed .
hmm how do you figure the wild slaves found out there would be a gap in the satellite coverage over the base ? his gaze unwavering .
i see two possible explanations one they retain more of their technological base than we previously estimated and used ground-based observation to plot the course of our satellites .
two some degenerate traitor told them. he seemed pleased with his analysis .
the silence lengthened uncomfortably with only selo 's purring and the interior waterfall 's gurgling to break it .
i ... the only other alternative is that the wild slaves somehow have access to our information networks .
the impossibility of such an event bears it no countenance. he said with confidence and a hint of pride .
jaye'sal turned his chair removing his gaze to the view wall and the planet below .
then we should refocus our patrols ' efforts to look for active human resistance bases and investigate communication logs as well as any personnel who has had unsupervised time on the surface.
no thank you ssar'shira that will be all he dismissed him with a motion of the hand peeking out from the outline of his turned chair .
he waited for the door to close before gently holding up selo and talking to him as you could a confident .
of course the wild slaves can not access our network .
i tell you for all his apparent concern for this vermin ssar'shira has no respect of their abilities unlike you and i.
he let go of selo who voiced his indignation at being handled in such gross manner by jumping down from his lap and making his way to the waterfall peering at the pearlescent eel-like creatures swimming about .
now i wonder if i can make use of this development ...
he let his gaze float over the blue jewel his mind deep in machinations .
private 3rd class mayborne was freezing her ass off .
she tucked her shivering hands under her armpits in a futile attempt at warming herself .
it had been merely chilly when she started her vigil but the temperature had plummeted a few hours in enough so that she was trying to remember what the first signs of hypothermia were .
fuck this lost war and fuck those wet bastards she thought for the thousandth time .
her unit or whatever was left of it had escape destruction in the early days of the invasion by the simple virtue of having a smart officer lording over them .
the colonel rest his soul had seen the writings on the wall and had ordered everyone he could to scatter to the 4 winds and go to ground .
she 'd later learned he had been executed for treason a day before the base he was posted at was cratered by an orbit-launched deep penetrator .
despite having thanked the skies above for divine retribution on the idiot who 'd ordered the execution her heart bled for every unfortunate soul who 'd been doomed by that same idiot who had refused to accept the inevitable .
and thanks to the colonel she was now able to freeze to death in the name of a war that had ended 4 years ago .
she heard someone scampering up the stairs of the old apartment she was in .
we 've had sporadic contact with neighboring units ever since that guy from the east coast told us which frequencies we could use.
no no not from the other units around it 's coming in from boston !
is n't that were that guy had come from ?
nothing yet it 's just a repeating message to tune in at midnight eastern for an announcement .
come on your shift 's ending 5 minutes wo n't hurt !
dude last time i skipped early sarge ... wait you said repeating .
not sure we just tuned in after we got the word from bryant 's unit .
sure they had a few safe frequencies that were n't routinely monitored by the invaders but if you kept broadcasting long enough they 'd eventually wonder where all the disturbances were coming front .
she scampered after him downstairs through the tunnels and down into the oh so warm and wonderful heated basement .
sergeant reed gave her a stern look but to her surprise it was bereft from any unspoken promises of future pain .
whatever was going on it must have been big .
everyone waited in earshot of the radio set an external speaker having been connected to it .
at 21:00 more or less precisely a voice came on .
you are listening to radio cockroach coming in live from the greater boston area !
this is our gift to you my fellow humans clear safe and most importantly worldwide communications .
that 's right – we humans are back in the club of trans-continental communications !
it means we 're about to fire up this slow-burning war all the way to the frigging moon and we 're going to burn so many fishes along the way you wo n't be able to walk without tripping up on a fish filet !
that 's right it 's been almost 5 years since the fish came calling and started murdering us .
tonight we 're kicking off the new year with a declaration .
a declaration of a war of blood for every drop of human blood you caused to fall we 'll make you bleed twice as much.
tonight we scream at the heavens and call out for bloody vengeance !
mayborne saw the gazes harden the backs straighten the long-absent smiles reappear .
the war for earth had never ended it had n't been lost it just had n't started yet .
so i 'm beginning to think that someone dropped the ball .
considering the amount of damage done over the years it 's not a surprise .
it had been broken in five places on the right side the bone chipped away the wisdom tooth being impacted as it came in .
then when the wisdom tooth was removed they had to break my jaw to get at it and ended up dislocating it and not resetting it because i have hypermobility of the soft connective tissues .
my ear drum was being pushed by the swelling keeping my jaw in place which caused a further issue with infection etc .
long story short i required resection and debreidment of the entire area which the doctor did very well to my delight .
now i have two insurance companies one military the other state and i had checked with both to make sure the procedure and aftercare would be covered in full .
they kept me in the hospital for three days then sent me home with a picc line a pump and some basic instructions .
infectious diseases came through my room asked a few questions showed me how the picc line worked and according to them did a fairly thorough job of it .
problem is lights were on but there was nobody home .
i did n't get told about needing a picc line until after surgery at which point i was doped up on pain killers anti-nausea medication allergy meds and my psych meds .
so basically completely not able to make any kind of legal decision for my medical care at that point..
i started asking questions about the line and the lady that was doing the explaining was suddenly gone .
as in walked away while i was asking her a question .
i was given a book of paperwork and sent home thursday night .
typically they make sure you have had a bowel movement after you have had surgery and i ca n't feel my guts to the point that it 's dangerous .
i had appendicitis a few years ago did not know i was ill until i could n't stand properly my body completely refused .
i got my kid up took her to pre-school and took my happy butt to the er .
i thought maybe it was a cyst on my ovary i 'd had one the size of a grapefruit a year or two previous with much the same symptoms and i ended up with the obvious conclusion of an appendectomy .
anyone who has ever had the wild coctail i was on would know it takes at least a couple of days to get it out of your system .
i worked with everything and basically slept for a day and a half .
and today i was supposed to get my dressing changed at the hospital across the road from where i live .
there is a common complication with the hospital systems in my area it 's a teaching hospital system a catholic hospital system and another that specializes in cardiac and neuro .
the teaching hospital system is the one where i live across from the eastern branch which specializes on childbirth and cancer treatments .
this is perfect because i can walk if all else fails or i just want to get out of the house even though i have someplace to be a small mental vacation with a goal .
i call to verify my appointment as my paper work is very book-ish and seems to ramble without substance for roughly thirty pages and a booklet .
i call the line on the paperwork regarding my appointment and someone from oncology answered at the wrong campus .
i asked about my 10 am appointment on the east campus as they have a fantastic ease of information transfer due to a completely networked appointment book .
it turns out after 15 minutes of trying to figure everything out my appointment is at the main campus which is 20 to 45 minutes away depending on traffic meaning my nice leisurely 15 minute walk just turned into a big fat nope .
add to that they changed my appointment time to 9:30 .
i cancel the appointment as i ca n't make it across town in what is now 6 and a half minutes and i 'm not paying a no-call no-show fee .
i request that they have my appointment transferred to later today or tomorrow at the appropriate location .
they transfer me to talk to them and they tell me the soonest they can get me in is friday .
i answer in the affirmative it 's fine i 'll have my p.a .
change my dressing until i can get in as a stop-gap measure .
they told me that will be fine and they will call me if anything opens up earlier .
i have no problem with this there are 5 campuses that i know of for that hospital alone so no big deal imo i can wait a bit .
i call the supply company with questions regarding obviously my supplies .
i explained to the lady that i do n't remember much of what happened during my briefing as i was completely high .
i also shared a few anecdotes regarding trying to get my port cover on with only one hand because your fingers ca n't touch the elbow of the same hand without some serious problems or a broken wrist .
i called id who had arranged for them to set me up with the capp to ask some more questions about bodily fluid and infection prevention .
i took a trip to my primary care physician 's office i brought the sterile kit with me for supplies for them to be able to replace the bandage over my port .
the kit did n't have all the supplies i needed nor did it fit the area needed .
we made do like one naturally does and taped me up nbd .
i get back home grab basically whatever i can eat without chewing and i head back out to a long-standing doctor 's appointment .
why have you missed your appointment at to get your dressing changed and blood work done ?
i 'd explained to them at 10 am regarding the issue and that i have been to my pcp and we made do .
all of a sudden my phone starts blowing up because these people stopped communicating .
first i explain to the id people that when i was given instructions i was under heavy sedation and should not have been marked as able to make informed decisions .
i mentioned while in the hospital that i helped my aunt take care of her port when she first got hers and that that experience would help me understand how it all works and stuff .
i remember saying and stuff and i do n't really use that phrase concerning medical information because i thoroughly enjoy the fact that i can converse as an intellectual equal .
my phone rang one final time and it was the lady who arranged for the appointment for me to go for blood work and dressing change .
she 's borderline irate because i had explained that i do not remember most of the picc line info dump .
i managed to get that you hit a button any button really that button will give you options and etc .
i also googled the device and basically some how-to videos .
she informed me that because i said i had helped with my aunt 's line she did not set up home health to come out and assist me and answer my questions .
so basically she blames me for calling around and asking questions because i wanted info regarding my equipment how it works mechanically timing for flush etc .
i 've been getting about 1 hour maybe a little over .
i charge it 3 times a day before i go to bed .
this is the only complaint i have with it .
i honestly do n't feel like i get 3 hours with it .
whenever i try to launch project cars on steam it says running for a second or 2 then for a split second it says syncing and nothing no windows pop up no error messages nothing i have tried
i am at my wits end google is fucking useless and i am seriously pissed off i cant play a game i payed 60 for my pc is not under powered i have an i5-7500 and a gtx 1070 for fucks sake !
if you see the preview clear your cache and try again .
i have the earth live wallpaper on the pixel xl .
does it use alot of battery opposed to a static wallpaper ?
whenever i try to launch project cars on steam it says running for a second or 2 then for a split second it says syncing and nothing no windows pop up no error messages nothing i have tried
i am at my wits end google is fucking useless and i am seriously pissed off i cant play a game i payed 60 for my pc is not under powered i have an i5-7500 and a gtx 1070 for fucks sake !
i have some cloth worth 1 when turned into a plain white t-shirt it can be sold for 10 .
if a worker takes that cloth and turns it into a t-shirt with a sale value of 10 they have added 9 of value .
of course we must take away the costs of running a business from the value created by our worker for example it may cost 1 in bills and rent 1 for the seweing machine and needles and another 2 to pay a second employee to sell the shoes .
now that means from the value created by my productive worker 9 there is 4 in costs meaning after all costs there is 5 of surplus value .
now as the owner this is my 5 becase the employee surrenders his produce to me as part of his employment nevermind they may not be an alternative to working for them/in identical conditions
so the profit i will make is the difference between the amount my productive employee created after costs 5 and the amount i can convince him to take .
if i know he has a multidude of better paying job offers and there is nobody around to replace him he might force my hand into paying him 4 of the 5 he created per shirt .
however if he is in a third world country and his family might starve if he does not work he will have to take what he is given .
so if that means taking 1 he will have to do it so his family can survive .
despite doing the exact same job he can be paid less because he is poor .
if that is n't exploitation i 'd like to know what your definition is .
before you read keep in mind i 'm still fairly new to the game
recently i got vancleef however i dont have many other good rogue cards .
i really like vancleef and rogue itself so im trying to get batter cards .
keep jungle giants and start building a druid deck or dust j g and keep building rogue .
if you suggest dust j g than what should i get/upgrade i 'd have about 650 dust http www.hearthpwn.com/decks/953209-noob-vancleef-rogue
whenever i try to launch project cars on steam it says running for a second or 2 then for a split second it says syncing and nothing no windows pop up no error messages nothing i have tried
i am at my wits end google is fucking useless and i am seriously pissed off i cant play a game i payed 60 for my pc is not under powered i have an i5-7500 and a gtx 1070 for fucks sake !
i have a problem with the cpu temps of i5-8400 .
while doing a stress test cpu temps go up to 85-95c and stays around 90 all the time .
the only way to get decent and cpu temps is only by turning off the turbomode in bios settings .
while turbomode is off i am getting a decent stable cpu temp at around 60-65c .please note that the cpu temps only become an issue while the system is under load .
the idle temps perfectly fine both with turbomode on and off .
the cpu cooler rpms seem to be running at full speed 2500 max so the fan seems to be doing its job .
the only thing that comes to my mind is that cpu cooler may have not been correctly installed meaning that there could be too much or too less thermal paste or something else .
or can this be something related to wrong bios settings ?
the deal is for tickets 50 bucks and up .
pulled game 5 tickets earlier for 80 fees included prices probably climbed back up now that a game 5 is promised but just giving heads up .
just telling someone that i do n't want to drink today .
i said yesterday that i do n't like aa and i 'm trying to find some different ways to communicate with fellow crazy people '' .
what screen can easily work with anything from a playstation to a switch
can only log into ptc when on wifi but google accounts are fine on 3g/4g any idea how to fix this ?
at 30k/piece of their brains i think i 'd rather farm them myself .
i 've been playing on this server for a few wipe and i have a big problem that most people tend to ignore because it benefits them .
it 's a big map and only 100 slot .
since last wipe this problem got even bigger because they have increased the map size .
so what is the problem '' i 'm talking about ?
the amount of pvp on this server is incredible low which benefits for solo duos and small teams newcommers .
other experienced people can abuse this system like farming sulfur in incredible amount without being disturbed due the size of the map .
some guy invited me to his base mid wipe and i saw 300 fucking rockets just lying in his chests .
on bigger servers you ca n't farm that much because you will get killed by other roaming groups other players but on low pop amount of encounter other players is very low especially in snow biome edge of the map where playing rust reminds me a pve farming simulator .
on low pop server you can see the base sizes you wo n't even see on official servers because of the problem i described above .
if people wants to raid you they will just farm one evening and will raid you with no problem unless your base can withstand 100 rockets .
but then again instead of one evening they will farm two..
i really like low pop and as solo player who is playing with allies i 'm struggling to find how to play rust without being raided 5 times per week
i did a round table chat a few days ago and stumbled across the trade idea as i was thinking of vaguely possible but mostly outlandish trade scenarios .
it could n't work until dec 15 at a minimum and otto has veto rights this year i think but it seems like a possible deadline deal if the pels are struggling and washington look like they need a jolt or oubre needs more minutes .
presuming hill is back from injury and healthy would you do it ?
do you think there will be a wpa2 fix for ios 9 and 10 .
for my idevice ios 9.3.5 is the last release .
after the last 2 or 3 patches my fps seems to have gone down considerably .
i could easily play matches with no problems at all but lately every time i go near a bright place like a fireplace it starts becoming harder to move the screen and that is not exactly something a person wants happening when jason is following behind .
so has anyone encountered these issues and knows how to fix ?
i do n't have one but i 'm planning to purchase one but i do n't want to waste my money on something that does n't work so i have to be 100 sure
hiatuses or not i 'm enjoying the content and can tell you all put a lot of effort into it .
i took a screenshot of the image with the wallpaper in it cropped it to just the phone screen and ran it through google image search .
most of the results are for copies of the app examples i had to go a couple pages in before i started seeing images of the jellyfish wallpaper without the clock on them .
there are n't any copies on gis that are n't screenshots of the app .
i do n't know the species but if you can get an id on it https www.reddit.com/r/whatsthisplant i might be able to find an equivalent image .
this is what i came up with https i.pinimg.com/originals/46/65/23/466523f0c3cdc13368114c21829ad15e.jpg just from googling pink orange flowers .
on my feed every man i 've seen post has been supported and encouraged .
it 's already so hard for men to speak out doing so should be welcomed in almost any circumstance i think .
i think a lot of people care and just do n't know what do because we have isolated ourselves from our communities more and more .
hey that 'd be the first time i discovered a farming exploit '' all on my own .
edit if you want to try it shoot the lines a few feet above the water .
too close to the surface bugs out the spear .
but tennessee was this bad for a long time .
think on this last year 's tennessee volunteers were probably their best team in a decade .
nope but they came at me regularly when i rode it five days and 70 minutes per side a week and look i managed to not get my white macbook ass beat
our parents are supposed to be our protectors so when they 're not it 's hard as hell to come to terms with .
japanese indie games have been using zx arrow keys for a really long time mostly in shmups and platformers and it works well but some developers extend that to using half the bottom row for no reason .
i ca n't really think of any that benefits one gender and is also benign to the other gender honestly .
i 've always said that gen 5 was the point where gamefreak finally caught on to how to give each location its own aesthetic identity .
how can there be a debate when no one is defending it ?
the relationship definitely ended when she called me a cunt .
that 's a word i just do n't allow .
she is a hair and make up artist at a really nice salon in town with about thirty clients to her roster her ex is a really nice guy that works in construction as a general contractor on city projects and pays bocoup child support plus she 's still being supported by her rich mommy and daddy .
but strictly speaking if she seriously tried to have my hubs brought up on charges i would consider dropping it just to make her go away .
3500 is a loss but we could handle it without any major discomfort .
she hitched because i did n't ask her to be a bridesmaid .
i had my sister 's and my best friends .
it 's not like i can switch away from it
wow more propaganda reaching the top in abit more then an hour .
warrior of light and veritas of earth voe or ev .
charlotte is a tank as her job is to protect other members .
i think veritas of the heavens is a healer .
i would maybe put charlotte chizuru veritas of the heavens and kefka into your team .
kefka can use the spell blizzara or thundara to clear waves as you progress .
give kefka mag gear and chizuru your atk gear .
spr gear goes to veritas of heavens and hp/def to charlotte though her gear wo n't matter too much .
edit 2 i 'm wrong about heavens she 's not a healer lol
you really wo n't feel these units really come into their roles until they start nearing their max unfortunately .
edit if you have n't linked to facebook yet rerolling is n't a bad idea .
this seems like a false flag question to me .
why would the trump admin force religion on anyone ?
it 's like those people who keep talking about all the extra stuff they had to deal with to try to make their every minor accomplishment seem more impressive .
after thursday every eagles fan i saw could n't help but mention that they won even though the refs were against them '' lol it was pretty amusing
bro its not even out its 1 11 am rn est
it looks like it missed us and i could n't find anything about it coming again this week .
koontz is not a success story you 'd want to emulate .
your 100 would be better spent on an ad for your own work .
it 's the same video one just uses yt 's stabilization thingy .
it 's really only visible in the first couple seconds when it focuses for jusssst a second
well as an atheist burning in hell kinda seems like a better way out than eternal nothingness .
so yeah i 'm happy to go to hell send me all you want it 's better than what i believe
i do n't know it seems like that story is full of holes .
if we 're talking about general civilian massacre 's then there 's been plenty including our own in japan vietnam iraq .
i think various temperatures of pizza are fundamentally different food experiences .
i 'm fortunate enough to have a bulk store just a kilometer away so it 's easy to walk to but their products are always more expensive than supermarket generic/homebrands for some reason they 're also always organic which is n't something i care too much about but organic products are much more expensive most of the time .
so there have definitely been times when i 've ended up buying pre-packaged just for the convenience and the savings which is something i really need to work on/save more to solve .
a lot of the times i feel like my small contributions are n't making enough of a difference—especially given my lapses it kind of feels like they just cancel each other out—but when i think of how many other people are taking the same small steps as i am it 's bound to make an impact somehow .
damm op that 's a insane sad wtf ... .
there is actually a book on how to be a straight a student '' by cal newport .
i 've read it and it 'll definitely help you .
i 'd like to add that you can get your next batch of chips in the fryer while you 're adding lime and salt to the freshly fried chips .
just make sure you take some time about ten seconds has been fine for me to agitate the new chips in the fryer before moving on to salting and liming the ones in the bowl .
parvati had almost no role to play in the erik blindside .
we can have them it 's just hard to use them more than once .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechanicalkeyboards if you have any questions or concerns .
first time homeowner here finished decorating my shirogane savage consolation prize and i 'm feelin ' pretty chuffed about it !
please be advised i got carried away with detail shots so the album is pretty image-heavy .
in-game visits are welcome my door is always open .
would n't mind the knockout rounds being once a week though .
my sister tries to tell me that i could avoid so much of my pain and torment if i just stayed away from people and she might be an unfeeling harpy but she 's not wrong .
some things i 've read even advise that you stay out of relationships until you get therapy or are healed or something .
my problem is no matter how much it hurts it hurts even worse being alone .
yeah i lost mine in hawaii left my swimsuit zipper pocket open and had to fly back to seattle without an id .
in addition to a very invasive pat down i also had to answer 3-4 questions on the phone from some mysterious person in the government .
they pertained to where i lived at the time previous addresses and i think one of the questions even listed names of people and asked me to say which of them live with me..
from that picture it does n't appear at all misaligned .
everything is pretty much lined up save for a very slight degree of anterior pelvic tilt and forward head posture .
can you even be mad at that license plate though ?
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/pubattlegrounds/comments/76wf7r/highway_to_hell_twitch_clip_compilation in r/pubattlegrounds was automatically removed because you do not meet either the karma count or account age threshold .
check your account is at least 3 days old and you have a combined karma of 10 .
please do not message us through modmail regarding a removed post via this filter .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pubattlegrounds if you have any questions or concerns .
and japan has arguably stricter gun laws than the uk yet tops switzerland in suicides by some 50 .
cherrypicking examples is n't going to help if there is no correlation .
i think in a high variance '' game like hearthstone you should absolutely reward consistency .
making top 8 in tournaments after swiss rounds is the best skill indicator we got at the moment and should be rewarded more .
lol my wife and i joked about naming our son brock lee johnson '' .
we liked the name brock and my dad 's name is lee .
it 's lame and gives off a bad impression .
just make a simple one page website that quickly tells your story and has a call to action in the form of your contact information .
essentially you 're going to make a landing page .
it could be done in a few hours if you have images .
lord of extinction sees play in midrange jarad lists .
the purpose of a study is to gain some sort of diagnostic or predictive power .
when the milgram experiment finished and the researchers involved encountered the next real world example of prisoner abuse what had the greater explanatory power the majority result or the outliers ?
it would seem to be an abandonment of the scientific project entirely if you base your work around unique outliers and deny significance to the default behaviour .
if everyone is a special little snowflake then there 's no point in studying these phenomena at all because what you learn in experiment one wont apply to experiment two and so on .
seeing their actual emotions just messes with the fun .
ur a lucky dude wish i had done the same tomorrow reaper wont be worth even a 1:1 with slip so yh
the kickback perk is supposed to refill ammo if you get a kill when it says press x to reload '' or low ammo '' or whatever it says .
they definitely need to fix that because the other perk it has is basically useless .
today i saw a tesla with custom number plates saying bitcoin '' .
a close grip chin up will activate your lats a lot because the movement allows them to work very efficiently .
well at the highest point of a pullup your lats reached their highest rom and other muscles become more important for the last few inches .
clarify your question a little and we are happy to help !
that 's a step too far get the fuck out of my house and stay away from my daughter .
let me just stand here dumbfounded and warn you that i 'm behind you instead of actually using the psychic dampeners !
30 seconds later it 's kewl i have no fear now that alex talked to me .
she just happened to conveniently be in the location of where i was shoved half a mile to .
this is approaching arrow season 4 levels of dumb .
ps and for some reason lena is swinging her dick in james 's face .
have a guy stay in the defending room while one goes forward to see there are no pulses .
all sparrow back to the previous area then forward again .
i recall rinella being the kinda cocky one with a ton of stories .
it looks like you are posting from a brand new account or have a low karma score .
to help prevent spam or people outright advertising their website new and low participation accounts are not allowed to create new submissions .
please participate in the comment sections a bit before you try to submit something .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/virtualreality if you have any questions or concerns .
sadly not those ones are smaller than the ones i found .
she was in the 1st the 3rd and if you count the fact that heather langenkamp the actress who plays nancy also defeated a demon who had freddy 's appearance in new nightmare three times !
ikr they are just bitching about everything but it 's kinda depressing we ca n't do nothing to help .
one day i 'll cheat on players birthyear to better reflect real life
i have a 2.5 lift as well but i added jks track bars and front lower control arms to adjust caster id recommend you do front lower control arms or control arm drop brackets it will help the steering feel as well as bump absorption with the brackets
big changes are usually twice a year but small changes to the meta happen every month
got half his stats against the browns then he missed the last 6 games
the elders will you deep into a cave to show you the ancient drawings of the man who failed .
it 'll be a life lesson for the tribe .
i sometimes put myself into the game with a super high potential ability .
i set myself to start at my local finnish club and make sure not to manage the national team in that save and not to buy him for any club i 'm managing so i never get any advantages from it .
i just like seeing my virtual self rise to world glory .
team in a cl match and got wrecked by myself .
his name is randy mcsaskatchewan and he 's now 9500 feet tall .
i love rows of all flavours they are easily my heaviest upper body lifts .
i do them for their own sake but supposedly back strength carries over into just about everything else anyway .
capacity of over 100,000 i 'm sure it 'll look just great on tv and the atmosphere will be fantastic ! !
honestly the amount of times i spawned next to 3 enemies adsing me .
most games are literally just a game of musical chairs .
all that cancer why are you giving me the same sidearm 7 times ?
atleast in destiny 1 there was a diversity of perks to get on ib gear .
i 'll tell you this the first few days will wear you out .
no way they do the caterpillar since he is seen in the park in the alice section now .
i think everyone you listed is 100 besides tweddle dee and dum .
well screw that cuz today i got free chest offers for the second time .
i had to finally remove ubo because of the bs waterfox and firefox has done with 55 and the author says it is out of his hands .
ebay ceases to work right and ff/wf crashes a lot now but as soon as you disable ubo everything works fine again .
mozilla is part of the globalist agenda so i am trying to find a stable replacement for the browser .
unfortunately this is the ignorance that that breeds in my country .
i would n't mind hanging out with them but they 're quite a bit older than i am
does anyone know if the motorcyclist was ever found ?
i work in an upscale steak-centric restaurant and this happens every other night .
it 's also the worst when people order the 100 100-day dry aged steaks and then complain about a 'weird ' texture/colour/whatever .
okay please explain to me why you ate the entire thing before complaining ... chef just tells me to tell them they 're assholes .
if anything i would have added more on good flashes/mollies for example the aggro popflash at first orange to peek towards sandbag but that may have made your video too long .
then theoretically if you had the right map seed it could be possible .
that 's a big if though because the chances of spawning into a world with an open tunnel that leads down into a hole with a dart trap that 's visible by natural light is pretty rare .
that sucks guess i 'll buy some keys instead of those stupid rip off crates
it 's the people who support hamas that are causing dead palestinian kids .
are the ones actively killing palestinians and palestinian children or otherwise enabling conditions that allow for malnourished and disease to spread in gaza it is israel and the israeli military who 're ultimately responsible .
it 's the people who support hamas '' is just one more item on the israeli blame the victims for what we do to them '' shtick .
it 's intellectually dishonest and morally on the level of claiming that palestinians want their own kids to die '' .
mortality rate in gaza is one of the lowest in the world .
it 's like you 're reading them off a list or something .
we 're talking about gaza and the israel-palestine conflict not the world in general .
israel provides partial electricity after repeatedly bombing power stations and the like in every war '' on gaza and shuts off the juice repeatedly seemingly sometimes just for the sake of increasing hardship in gaza .
israel routinely blockades the staples '' for normal life in gaza including food and medicine .
that 's why the black market concerning the tunnels is so prevalent there .
despite the fact gaza has its own border with egypt that israel has no control over .
and yet still people like you and carter blame israel for any suffering caused by hamas .
probably because as i said israel is responsible for that suffering .
hamas is far from ideal especially when it comes to their social conservatism but to say blame hamas israel is innocent '' when people bring up the destruction wrought by israel in gaza that sort of rhetoric makes you look like you 're clueless or insane or a sociopath .
if you want less dead palestinians you should support israel who has no intent to ever kill any
ok this is shitty even by low-tier shitty hasbara standards .
you need to lose the word vomit and at least try and formulate an actual argument instead of repeating likudnik talking points .
ot a terrorist group who uses them as human shields and provokes israel into needing to defend itself .
you have absolutely no substance and it 's like you trotted this stuff out for the sake of being exasperating .
i see no reason in going in depth as to why it 's bs because i have the feeling that you 'd just dismiss what i wrote out of hand and i 'd have wasted 30 minutes or an hour or something typing .
if israel wanted to kill palestinian kids they could kill a million of them within hours but they clearly do n't want to .
i 've never understood why you creeps think this is a defense '' of israel .
we 're repulsive 551 kids blown up or shot to death in two months in 2014 but we could be more repulsive '' ?
israel went to extreme lengths in the last war to avoid civilian casualties including for example a pilot calling off his mission 17 times in a row then giving up .
yeah using a 500-pound jdam on a civilian square because some hamas operative was walking past is the definition of doing your utmost to limit civilian casualties '' .
how about the deliberate shelling of refugee camps and bomb shelters despite being repeatedly giving the coordinates by the un and humanitarian ngos ?
are you gon na break out door knocking '' despite the fact that you have ten minutes to leave your house and everything in it otherwise we blow you up and it 's your own fault for dying '' is n't remotely trying to limit civilian casualties '' ?
israel is n't the worst in the region but it is categorically the worst party in the israel-palestine-lebanon conflict and the fact that some people in america still swallow propaganda as lazy as yours is absolutely beyond me .
i think gay activist '' might be a bit of an exaggeration .
if i remember correctly did n't getting outed destroy his life to the point where he drank himself to death ?
that said i 'm not familiar with o'reilly 's historical accuracy in his work but i seriously doubt that tom hanks would be involved if there was any serious attempt to mislead people by altering the facts of what happened .
if he would be more fat he would have more traction and would have not slipped
we did during the election but i guess they started up again ?
like who thinks they have to sway r/politics opinion about trump to be more opposed to him ?
does anyone here remember him during the 2015 gold cup ?
lira is gon na have his inbox filled with proposals when the teams are announced .
she looks like she plays exactly like i was hoping for .
i saw people bet on less info much more money that i ever invested in betting my whole life .
i sure dont want to bet on 1.15 coeficient .
i dunno i 'm pretty sure they could make the controls work with the joycon .
mario all-stars 3d with 64 sunshine and the galaxies would be pretty cool .
he 's our 2 wr ... he puts up 2 wr numbers .
thank god we will sign him so he sticks around
one time in 6th grade we were outside for recess and there was snow on the ground and i threw a snowball .
the teacher saw me and i had to write a letter telling her what i did wrong and i had to get it signed by my parents .
it 's not like i threw it at someone either i just threw it and the the teacher got really pissed .
he considers the example of benjamin franklin who also used the language of the virtues but who he rejects as not a genuine embodiment of the tradition .
this is because for it to be genuine virtues have to be used in pursuit of goods internal to a practice .
someone might play chess in order to win lots of prize money .
they might skills that they call say wisdom and discipline to make lots of money .
macintyre would not say these count as virtues because of the means-end relationship .
consider instead this same person as they play chess slowly starting to love the game .
they start to understand how an opening move will impact later on in the game what the strategy for the end game is and so on .
they start to want to play not for money or fame but because they love chess and they want to challenge themselves to become genuinely excellent at it .
the skills or virtues that help them in this pursuit and which are themselves reinforced by it are genuine .
for macintyre this pursuit of internal goods love of the game satisfaction wanting to be skillful at it versus external goods money fame is crucial in framing the virtues .
do not however that he does not reject the external goods those are important to but it 's not enough .
to return to benjamin franklin he advocated a series of virtues but the virtues were always means to wordly success to be a wealthy influential american .
this was the criteria by which he judged himself and other men and therefore he was disqualified .
this criteria was not available to austen do the the role of women at the time .
they simply could not aspire to that kind of success becauseit was barred from them .
but they also lacked opportunities to pursue other practices necessary for the cultivation of the virtues .
austen could become an author because it was one of the few fields with its possibility of anonymity that allowed women to compete .
so to sum it up i do n't know what macintyre would say .
maybe women had some advantage in developing genuine virtues because of not having access to external goods but at the same time they were deprived from practices where they could display excellence .
i think emptying your refrigerator at night or making sure there are no gaps in your fridge inventory does the trick
when i was 6 i held up my ring finger in front of one of those flash shadow machines that leaves an after image of you on a giant white sheet of paper .
was too scared to actually hold my middle finger up because my mom would have murdered me .
teacher saw the after image and though it was my middle finger and tried to write me up .
he sent it home anyway and i just took it out of the mail when it got there .
it sounds like they are saying that overconsumption of cosmetics is superfluous and unnecessary .
which is fine but i wonder about what percentage of environment damage comes from cosmetics versus electronics or even the meat industry .
it seems fellow human that machines are rising up against us humans
i 've done the same with other apps several times here you go !
so i spent about an entire day trying to set up tls settings for a webservice only for the documents of said webservice to reference my reverse proxy which i had already set up .
he only built that suits cause terrorists got him in the first place
photo credit u/barrel-rider https i.imgur.com/berypno.jpg thanks for enjoying astros buttocks !
i wasnt trying to say that everyone should be chained up and force fed a joint
but for certain people i would make an exception ...
now that you mention it they should cast ted nugent to play hircine daedric prince of the hunt and werewolves .
i did n't say she had to wear helmets .
life vests exist for everyone they are n't just for disabled people .
it 's not like i 'm super invested in this .
not sure what 's with the massive down voting .
the first time i had to do something different my dad would have us all do it .
especially if it was something simple like wearing a life vest .
will he still have his stupid ponytail/mow hawk and camo yoga pants ?
this misprint is pretty common but other misprints are very rare or even unique .
if the misprint becomes popular for humorous or other reasons people want it which drives the demand up .
there are a lot of reasons someone would want to own a misprinted object in this case 1 cultural or historical value/preservation 2 speculation for future value 3 desire to own or display unique and interesting paraphernalia for something one enjoys and 4 impulse or compulsion to collect .
there are probably others but those are the ones i 've seen .
its the same as any other collectable really what value is there in an old coin or a figurine ?
i dunno about you all but i doubt they 'll lock an lr behind a barrier of 1000 played days .
at most i expect bandai to add this guy into all banners or maybe even the friend point summon alone as a pure lr so it 'll add an incentive to the banner again or even more incentives for new players who do n't already own lr androids and hercule .
world tournament is lr piccolo 's haven and lr super saiyan goku and lr frieza have taken over prime battle .
let 's face it it 's going to be related to the game 's gacha mechanic somehow since we have no confirmation of a ssr or tur variant and no great brilliance goku is n't counted since he 's throwing the spirit bomb already on top of being dokkaned ... .
also for furniture you may want to look into a miter saw and a table saw depending on the stuff you want to make
this comment has been removed for violating comment rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/wiki/guidelines wiki_comment_rules as it does not provide sources for its statements of fact .
if you edit your comment to link to sources it can be reinstated .
if you have any questions or concerns please feel free to message us .
never speak to me again this includes my children and dh does not wish to speak with you again .
this is our last communication if you continue we will continue legal proceedings . ''
research accounts for so few of your actions in a game i do n't think it matters .
imagine building extra evo chambers on the frontlines for vipers to eat but then you use your research view to start your 3 melee and it starts it on the evo chamber up front that dies 20 seconds later .
or imagine having forge a chronoboosted because you want fast 1 armor but your research view puts weapons on your chronoboosted forge instead .
the current system lets the player do exactly what they want exactly where they want it and that is way more valuable in sc2 .
probably king because he can fly unless flying is not allowed and he despite being weak physically has still showed to be able to take a hit .
the question arises tho if king is able to know midnight escanor out before the night ends and daytime escanor fucks his shit up .
if i lived there you would definitely have a ride
unfortunately apple can make terrible products for the next decade and not be hurt .
they can do that because of what forstall created .
forestall was n't fired because of maps or siri .
he was fired because tim was worried for his job .
i was surprised at how brilliantly you explained how your thoughts about your opponent 's movement and used that against them .
while i rarely play pharah i do play a lot of hanzo and zen which has a fair amount of prediction too .
typically when fighting a mccree or any hitscan they tend to move left and right once the stop moving right they will go left so it 's easy to land the arrow or orb .
of course once you hit them they will move to cover so landing the final shot is easy .
what amazed me is the sheer speed and accuracy of each prediction .
i 'll have to check out more of this stuff .
joe buck thinks parks and rec is better than the office .
he is n't bad you just only can get him by spending your vouchers in exchange currently .
most people are more focused on the more farmable megas for 2/3/4 .
for example the megas that are on the voucher list and have been an advent
let 's try that indies are taking off because the library is fairly barren at this early stage .
i bought botw at launch and barely touched my switch until september nothing really interested me at all when steamworld dig 2 hit then golf story and stardew valley .
i do n't think nintendos ridiculously slow trickle vc games would have made much of a difference .
besides i think nintendo rushed the switch release before they got their online plan in order .
here we are in october and multiplayer/online is still nowhere .
they had to add the ability to save your credit card info in an update for chrissakes .
i 'm nowhere near convinced the sea offense is back on track
i love the colorways that look like the galaxy so amazing !
i am not sure whether to do this or not .
do you know more about how it all sorted out for him ?
i would be happy with any of those guys if cam is your backup qb .
never thought i 'd use the disk drive but it does come in really handy for saving patches .
it 's also pretty excellent as a controller for other synths .
it 's heavy and takes up a good chunk of space but i think it 's worth it .
if only it were n't for the racist undertones in a lot of these cartoons ...
he 's going to go all alpha and channel his book version .
tells everyone to fuck off and then fucks her in the crypts right next to ned and lyanna 's statues .
i will see it again in a theater within a few days .
my biggest regret is that its poor financials make it even less likely we will see a new dune movie in our lifetime .
hey do n't let debbie downers get you worried love ... the best thing to do is to go tell a doctor about it ya know ?
90 or more chance it 's nothing whatsoever or something small and easily fixed with a medication or some such .
if it is something serious there is no such thing as getting diagnosed too early but there is definitely such thing as getting diagnosed too late .
in short better to get bad news now than it is to get worse news later .
i can unroll my pants to cover the top .
was n't sure what i was supposed to do .
i 've seen looks that have their pants cuffed and held high exposing the entire boot as well as looks where the pants cover the top of the boot .
i was n't sure how to distinguish which style to use in each situation .
buy some stuff try some wallets or just keep it .
every hero demands the team play a certain way .
if you want 1 hero to dictate the playstyle for the whole team and the other 4 to be mostly irrelevant and play exactly the same way in every lane with no creativity surprises or draft potential go play jungle in league of legends .
that 's the experience you 're looking for where you run around doing shit while 9 other people strive to push buttons in the right order .
no 2 supports play exactly the same unless you think lion and nyx are a liiiittle bit too similar .
if you do n't know how aa plays how can you judge the performance of a given aa or compensate for the weaknesses of the player or pick ?
here 's the direct answer to your question there 's nothing you could have done .
there are ways to win those games but you 're not interested or receptive so i 'm not going to bother with explanations .
take the ls mute everyone on your team and try to win games that you can win .
if you want to climb it 's more important to focus on games that you could have won than trying to fix losses with some shithead player in them .
ok here is another stream with the second part added as well https streamable.com/ztr74
you started at sexual abuse and moved the goalposts to rape .
neomailing me asking for my lowest on a trade .
my flair says it all as he pointed out .
i 'm more concerned with whether or not people will actually try and have a discussion or if they 'll focus on silly things like the above statement .
the fourth meeting in such a short period with the first three being both so lopsided on the field and so close on the scoreboard at least the last 2 seems like a good omen for us .
assuming we see them again in the playoffs i see it going one of three ways two good for us .
worst case we think we 've figured them out but we have n't and they execute just as determined as previous
medium case they fear us figuring them out so they try something new and outside their comfort zone and all their advantages disappear .
best case we figure them out and they are lax in their execution thinking they have us beat before we even take the field .
we neutralize them and they are n't prepared with any new wrinkles .
dark fantasy might be my favorite opening track ever and ultralight beam is in the top 3 .
son how 'd you manage to afford to retire at age 30 in this economy ? ''
i do n't know if it was intentional but i love that diath and stryx look a little annoyed paulton is ready to go and evelyn looking pleased as punch in being a walking pipe-organ .
someone else should be along shortly to confirm or deny although it 's been a quiet night .
yes it was a newbie mistake to buy a plant from petco without doing my research but everyone starts at the beginning and at that point i did n't even know a lfs was even a thing .
i was a bit skeptical when the plant they gave me did n't seem like it had ever been underwater but i still think it was a better idea than the plastic plants they initially suggested .
they also steered me toward a 1/2 gal bowl for my betta which has since been changed out for a bigger tank with a good light warmer and a filter .
i 'll wait a bit to see if they survive and plant them if they do with their rhizomes out .
he 's certainly improved but he misses wide open wrs surprisingly often .
do it i spended a the tokens of that mission in ashe 's chroma if they refund me the tokens and to other too there will be shit flying all over this subreddit on how they can make mistakes and refund but no add extra refunds
i just run out of hones or i cant out heal the damage being done .
you either did n't dump the meta folder or you copied dlc over the game files .
cemu no longer recognizes the game and is n't enabling texture readback .
it 's incredible that as his brain reset after the obligatory protect the brain at all cost '' shut down all he could think about was making sure no one saw that he 's actually wearing a toupée .
but apart from bill looking at the picture and making the call the show has n't explained which town/area the crime scene photo came from right ?
do you have many dark '' attribute dragon monsters ?
and if so what are best ones that you have ?
in regards to raidraptors/rr you will need to add a link monster to your extra deck if you plan on playing in official tournaments .
and what are some of the cards that do n't fit into either '' .
i have two friends who do n't really think of themselves as frugal but their entire house was furnished off the street dumpsters yard sales but mostly free .
they go to their local target once a week and come back with amazing stuff i ca n't believe they throw away .
the truth is that underneath all of her childish thinking and selfish behaviors she does know and it might be buried down there real deep but she does know that he does not feel for her the way she fantasizes about him feeling for her .
her insulting exhibits of jealousy towards her daughter are just misdirected manifestations of her refusal to truly acknowledge this to herself .
did i just see a tn fan doing the u ca n't c me john cena move
tonight with their full roster for sure yeah but they were pretty banged up last season .
i would worry less if this was an option you can turn off .
i really hate when an os starts bullying apps unilaterally because it thinks it knows best .
like the hilarious bit in recent android phones where the os can unilaterally outright kill processes when it thinks this process has used too much battery has been running too long '' .
good luck trying to do proper benchmark of battery life any more there ...
i do n't think so the first part is really hard to pronounce .
but crash bandicoot was just recently released on ps4 and they said it will be available on pc soon so not that abandoned d
i 'm having hard time grasping how someone drops something like this off a lift .
i 've seen my own brother do it twice but my brother is a stubborn asshole who 's always right .
why did n't he chain/bolt it to the lift ?
seems like a long term project like this would call for those extra measures of safety .
they got me through that storm but i 've since upgraded to a mix between msr groundhogs and carbon cores .
also if possible i think there should be a rule so that all the comments related to one toa stage stays under one comment answer to the first comment instead of spreading out like this .
eth just had byzantine and btc will fork its gold on 25th and segwit2x on 18th nov .
before the previous cash fork also all alts either bled or consolidated .
even exponential growth ca n't go without correction and as long as decoupling does n't happen they are roughly market related to the growth of btc which is still paving the way .
but sooner rather than later there will be another massive total market cap growth .
i expect it after the fork and a huge motherloving pump spring 2018
sounds like it 's come off the back of the grenfell tragedy
they look kinda cool with the cloth cover on the cavalry .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
nah i think choupo might play st over jese idk we will have to see but there will be rotation ...
that 's why it is a free market with options .
pit a couple lenders against each other and negotiate and this goes away .
i lowered the interest rate on my mortgage a couple tenths by having options and negotiations .
i specifically remember the year my grandparents bought all of their kids vcrs for christmas .
that night my mom and i went to store after store after store signing up for video rental memberships .
they were everywhere ... pharmacies grocery stores independent mom and pop places .
this was the generally accepted reaction https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=c_sc6wkcptk upon entering .
i think op just took the picture from wikipedia and made up the part about point out an especially cruel guard '' .
i still occasionally use netflix 's suggestions page to ask them to bring back utopia .
it 's just perfect netflix material in my eyes .
i do n't want to put ref link in the post .
i happily paid for most dlc before crates and i bought the first fast and furious dlc as well .
but i do n't want to gamble especially as when i bought the game it was advertised that i 'd get free updates and items .
i remember when crates first came out and i got downvoted for saying we will have cars and all the good items behind additional roulette paywalls .
i was met with the it 's only cosmetics '' excuse .
then good items became less and less and new cars started to become crate exclusive unless they are promotion-tied .
suddenly the new excuse became you can trade '' which is even flimsier as an excuse since a day or two after the update the newest crates cost at most a quarter of a key .
now the time limited items that were free in the past are hidden in crates which take a lot of time to grind and which are quantity limited despite more items with more variations being introduced heavily diluting the item pool .
why should i not be disappointed and voicing my complaints ?
i do n't have any responsibility to keep them funded and as a consumer i can and will assess and comment on their policies and choices both positives and negatives .
there 's a recording of her very quick and in-name-only meeting '' with blm members who were extremely smart calm and informed absolutely not republican news shitstorm material .
first she made mm-hmm '' noises while nodding with her entire body in a grotesque caricature of a black woman then promised to help black people any way she could and claimed she 's always been on their side .
they immediately caught her disingenuousness and asked for reassurance does she have any specific plans in mind how has she learned from her past mistakes which were undeniably not in black interest etc .
she then literally screamed at them to leave and said if they were going to be disrespectful '' then she 'll talk only to white people . ''
i literally had to control myself as to not look like a moron as soon as i read shit-angel
i 've never felt comfortable calling another male bro '' and i hate how ubiquitous this term has become .
also any popular internet-born abbreviation like whatevs '' or ... actually that 's the only one i can think of right now .
i refuse to be a conduit for these trendy '' terms .
after updating to the latest opensuse tw 20171010 with kernel 4.13.5-1-default the brightness control both with the fn keys and the display brightness in the battery settings is not working and of course i 'm running out of battery in half the usual time .
oh wow ca n't believe i did n't notice that i 'm an idiot .
i just had a bad day and came to this subreddit to cheer up .
so if you think you are silly about making eggs imagine me sitting in front of my computer and thinking wow some good things happen in the world '' .
and also making food for yourself is a lot about self-care .
imo that 's one of the most important things we all have to learn .
clear is fine anything bright she will run away from especially pale green .
when i first came across this i was scratching my head wondering why in a world where 'cut-and-paste ' road maps and even entire platforms were basically the norm that an organization would take the luxury of building things from the ground up .
it was only after watching video of the most recent conference that i realized the scope of vision this company was attempting to realize .
i believe not unlike btc in it 's infancy that nxs is founded on human purpose and not just capital gains which will keep it going to the moon in the long run .
i had my adenoids removed and tubes put in my ears when i was 6 due to severe earaches .
it felt like someone took an ax to my face .
my point is not one card per se but the possibility to cluster several of them together with lifesteal weapons to create a deck which generates a negative play experience .
they also limit design space for further expansions in my view
tfl do n't allow political ads this has always been the case .
most competent m4 players will regularly dink their opponents .
this would make it easier for those dinks to turn into kills buffing the m4 for everyone .
it also reduces the skill level because no mouse movement would be required to score a double hs .
vaccines killing polio is a well-perpetuated myth http www.dissolvingillusions.com/chapters/chapter-12 .
since you likely wo n't click those i 'll just leave this quote from jonas and darrell salk here the godfather of the glorious vaccine
live virus vaccines against paralytic poliomyelitis for example may in each instance produce the disease it is intended to prevent the live virus vaccines against measles and mumps may produce such side effects as encephalitis .
both of these problems are due to the inherent difficulty of controlling live viruses in vivo once they are placed in a live person .
admit it you jsut want to say the word fungibility .
if only they gave the time in gmt so everyone could convert to their local timezone with ease ...
both are actually op cards.sad due to their free cards they have n't been used .
i have used them both and they 're are the best i 've used in their respective positions
we collectively shat ourselves in that game and it is quite familiar by now .
we are not great at protecting leads and tend to crumble under the slightest pressure .
a lot of that is mentality but that negative mentality is in my opinion a product of players not being sure what they are supposed to be doing and not having any faith in whatever that plan is .
i do n't think that there is necessarily one solution but there could be with a well implemented plan and a team drilled to execute it .
i 've spent so much time at games and watching on the tv in the last decade or so finding singular issues that could be solved with a certain type of player or a change in system but at this point i do n't think that it would be well implemented anyway .
he 's just protecting his 250btc atomic swap with charlie lee .
if 2x is doa he saves 250btc should be much money even for roger ver !
co2 levels were way higher in the past and it was not a problem back then .
this exact situation happened to me and my friend !
it was hot and guy in white van offered ride and my lazy tired ass was ready to hop in until my friend was all no that 's crazy .
i quickly realized she was right and got pretty mad at myself for being so stupid .
that 's the same caveat that people with learner 's permits from va have .
source grew up in va. had a learner 's permit .
yeah because the toilet seat alone just is n't cold enough in the morning .
salandit is so much cuter than salazzle i keep salandits just for pokemon amie
if the kid ca n't negotiate a small roundabout note it 's not a mini roundabout they are different then he really should still have his driving baby sitter sat next to him .
the way american 's talk about roundabouts scares me do you just not have them ?
i 'd hate turning at intersections all the time .
i love cats and i 'm not afraid to show it
it 's discussed much in his memoirs and in other reports from soviet or allied powers .
they had a million men but the generals in charge had no communication with hq and had no direct initiative .
it 's also a million men with no hope of replenishment of fuel or supplies .
not a force able to conduct offensive operations even against a rearguard .
soviet military doctrine of the time also called for a dual command system .
orders had to be given by both commanders and commissars .
the germans only suffered supply difficulties in the late fall of 1941 .
after they amassed their armies for a push on the moscow front and stavka .
when hitler redirected guderian there were hardly any troops or defences in place in the moscow oblast .
i think hitler wanted kiev captured with priority because if was a reminder if the humiliation germany suffered after losing their russian gains after the repudiation of the treaty of brest livotsk .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
well i hope to takethat to the next level by baking my own bread .
with that 3 ball walk her tried to do i 'd say he was partying before the game ...
i always have a spare or two or three or four for a goodyear of road trips .
but how will i know which country and race to hate next ?
that 's the idea though from the writings of the founders .
any able bodied person able to pick up arms is part of the militia well back then able bodied white male mostly and having that population own their own weapons and being familiar with them was in the best interest of the state .
this is why i do n't like talking about the militia portion .
the current idea of a trained militia and the militia the founders believed in where very different things .
when we think of a well regulated militia today we envision the national guard .
that is pretty much the modern militia however this is not the militia of the time .
the founders did n't like the idea of a large standing army for many reasons and wanted a well armed populace who knew their way around weapons so that if war broke out they would n't have to arm everyone and teach them how to shoot .
this is why the 2nd reads the way it does .
you have separation between a well regulated militia and the right of the people to keep and bear arms .
it is saying that a well regulated militia is necessary so that this state can remain free as such the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed .
no he was talking about honeypot websites that sell data to govt .
i 'd be cool with extending to 60 mins honestly .
and as for a timer removal option if they extended the timer then through rsp you 'd be able to set the timer up to a 500 multiplier making it effectively a 5 hour match .
i do n't know why dice is against having the removal option but i think that would be a fair compromise .
i wrote an article in response to this as diversity of thought means including people from all backgrounds https medium.com andyshvc/apples-vp-of-inclusion-and-diversity-demonstrates-apples-lack-of-inclusion-10a113167753
i think it 'd be hard to get him even as a hc but who knows maybe he 's got some deep love for the university that would lead him to make the kind of sentimental decision this would be .
for the sake of his career i 'd encourage him to stay in the nfl..
lvl 18 druid 4 items mushroom half-plate of poison resistance staff of swarming insects pearl of power and figurine of wondrous power serpantine owl .
owl is my favorite one his name is peter .
i think its his choice of costume it really sucks to be honest
i honestly did n't think anyone would read this and much less respond to it .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/76x0ql/worst_song_to_sing_on_karaoke_night .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
so give me some examples of game censoring that is scary .
let 's see ... made in abyss mic dropped last season and killed the competition it 's best described as the madoka magicka of adventure stories .
there was a lot of hype for hero academia the season before that and i think it 's warranted it does a good job ditching a lot of shitty shounen tropes while retaining a lot of the good ones it ends up retaining that classic nostalgic shounen feel while still feeling refreshing at times .
lastly tsuki ga kirei was apparently a stellar romance following in the footsteps of but not surpassing such hits as kimi no na wa and shigatsu wa kimi no uso .
as for sequels to stuff you like hibike euphonium and attack on titan also got a season 2 and the third kizumonogatari movie also finally released .
she revaled the corruption of the malta prime minister .
publicly he defended globalization because '' it 's all about helping the very poor ''
privately she revealed how he looted state money and put it in offshore international tax heavens .
an innocent journalist who was threatening an entire governement full of corruption was bombed to death in the heart of the european union .
why is n't this at the top of r/europe ?
shit there goes the meager amount of pearls i was trying to save up for the eventual dms kakashi release .
i swear if they release dms kakashi right after this obito i 'm going to freak out and probably turn into a whale for the first time .
i honestly like stories like this what with the usage of ridiculous examples to explain concepts like mob mentality and conformity .
that 's a different question than what i replied to .
my point was that being attracted to someone of the same sex gay/lesbian is not inherently sinful .
acting on those urges or fantasizing about them is .
not to be flippant because i know this is an emotionally charged issue but i do n't consider gay marriage an issue because i consider it an oxymoron .
i do n't consider it unacceptable because it is impossible .
no matter what you or i say a gay couple can not be married in the same way that you ca n't baptise a non believer .
the requirements simply are n't met and the ceremony is a pointless waste of time .
now if your question is whether society should pretend that a ceremony that does nothing is legitimate i 'd say not .
i do n't see any benefit to society as a whole from creating an alternate secular definition of marriage and i do n't think governments should spend time and effort encouraging or enabling things that do n't benefit society at large .
normal marriage has been a boon to society because it produces children and provides them a stable home or at least does so better than any other method and as such has been encouraged by governments .
giving the legal perks of marriage to a same-sex couple is like giving mortgage tax breaks to people with credit card debt .
the tax breaks exist to do two things support the construction industry and create societal stability by giving people a home to live in .
credit card debt may help the economy but it does n't create create stability in any way .
likewise a gay coupled may be able to raise a child but they ca n't produce one .
personally i 'd like to see next of kin rules changed so that anybody can have anyone they 'd like visit them in a hospital or inherit .
i see no reason i can insure a spouse or child but not a sibling roommate friend or girl/boyfriend if i 'm willing to pay for a family plan at work '' .
basically i 'd like to see laws changed so that people could make their own decisions about who they 're legally/financially tied to but i do n't really see what any of that has to do with marriage .
if two gay people want to live together forever i do n't see why they should n't be allowed to but i also do n't see why we should pretend that 's a marriage either .
omar khadr killed a us soldier went to guantanamo eventually was transferred to canada as he was one of their citizens canada 's government eventually decided to pay him 10 million dollars
combining iso does n't changes options now and options of the iso8 that is selected first are retained as it is in new iso8
i started this way too late in the game .
i was avoiding it because i could n't be arsed but then i tweaked my team and feel stupid .
i got to the second silver tier before i went to sleep not special jonin the one after .
only got 10 speed pills as well which is annoying .
next time i 'm gunna farm it to shiiiiit .
as well as finish limit breaking bravery gaara for that sweet sweet speed stat .
i have an ipod touch5 no mobile data i guess i 'll just avoid logging in in the accounts where money 's in .
i am so sorry this is happening to you .
living with a blood relative with this much negativity just plain s*cks .
and no i 'm not patronizing or anything i 'm living something similar ...
this happened in my world about 3days ago lol we like being little old men
rail fares will increase by inflation at least so that another £170 onto the commute bill .
come next april my transport bill will clear £6k .
so i 'll happily take my chances on being outside .
yes i did sit this exam and came up with something along the lines of the discovery of friendship is portrayed as delightful as shown in the contrast between the beginning and ending of the poem .
the negetive connotations of the urban kinda dirty environment is viewed through a positive veil after the persona has had fun with friends and is then described as nice clouds and gentle breeze .
i then talked about the gustatory imagry of the mango being the catalyst for the discovery .
not a strong response but it was 2 marks and i had no idea
i 've had a ps4 since 2013 but for some reason i 've barely ended up using it .
i 'm just not compelled to play it for some reason not sure why .
i 'm sure it has a bunch of great games for it that i should probably pick up .
it might be because i have a good gaming pc so i 'll usually buy multi platform titles like witcher 3 for pc if given the choice .
nintendo consoles have been my go-to for tv gaming for years .
segwit people are correct to brag about the high fees and the store of value aspects since it attracts many people for a good reason worshiping the spending god is not the correct way forward for the human race .
a healthy bitcoin will encourage more saving and less spending peer to peer '' or not and thus will be a store of value which may go hand in hand with high tx fees .
the point is that one could argue that in order to be a store of value bitcoin needs to be a moral coin and that the best way to be a moral coin is for it to be decentralized and not just brand itself as a high-fees-store-of-value-coin .
therefore the question one can ask is whether lack of morals will prevent segwit coin from becoming a store of value .
that doublelift smile after they lost drives me crazy .
why is someone like perkz crying after not qualifying from a hard group while someone like peter is smiling after demonstrating his non-ending incompetence ?
i didnt even get anything good i got literally a sumanaifried a limited/zero and 2 prisma cosmo .
not possible since the game is hardcoded to game over if you 're landless at the moment .
how about shut the fuck up once in a while ?
posting limits exist for a reason you spam cunt .
you also ca n't take anything near the front as you ca n't risk offending the rest of the bus by writing them off so quickly .
nor can you risk walking all the way to the back just in case that person that looks ok from the front turns out to be mental .
i think one of our writers is working on a similar idea .
sometimes i take them too far but a joke is a joke nonetheless .
i think lying can still apply but it does n't have to be malevolent/malicious i.e .
doing it to con op and others he might also want it to be true enough that he 's convinced even himself .
i just want to enjoy a show i like but then it 's ruined .
i know that 5 reps is for strength and 6-12 ish is hypertrophy
it has to be in a itunes friendly format like mov or m4v ? ?
wasnt the mini box supposed to be available with this update ?
the guy that came up with this is a genius .
i am a man that can watch almost anything without cringing ive watched horror ive watched a lot of gory stuff .
made in abyss has been the first and will probably be the only series that broke me .
one of the reasons why is because the stuff these kids go through if it were adults then it would be different but thats not the case .
there was one part where i had to look away and ive never done that for any show before .
this show is not for the light hearted but damn .
the ost and music is top class the voice acting is perfect .
but the story is the best part about that show .
best anime of the season no doubt about it .
well jesus just sums the entire old testament for us very nicely love god and love one another .
murder is n't a very loving thing to do so obviously that is a no go under the great commandment .
but you can still follow the great commandment outside of the dietary restrictions and all that .
he was n't very impressed but it might help fans better understand what some people who had n't seen the first film and the fast and the furious '' crowd were thinking .
i do n't see how it could be considered click-bait it 's a discussion of the exact phrase in the title .
obviously nobody wants to over '' anything but it 's one thing to actually be over-analyzing something and another to simply appear to be to an outside viewer .
maybe the distinction is obvious to some people but for me that 's something worth thinking about .
super easy to differentiate between a virus and real torrent with virus .
given the name of company teslacoil the giant reddit ama thread that they were able to do and get publicity the sob story pod cast they did of how android users are stingy and do n't shell out money because of which android developers are starving in their mansions recent comment deletion in this thread itself where somebody else pointed out the retardness of some people blinded by their support-the-developer '' kind-of feelings etc .
i 've my doubts if these top indie '' apps are really indie and not a shell company for some giant corporation .
i have multiple let 's play vids from ps4 as far as 720p it 's fine .
youtube compresses the vid anyway so at 720p it 's really not a big deal .
of course a capture card would be the best but then just a gaming pc would be better ... thats an oxymoron tho .
as it ... you know kinda defeats the point of owning a console .
there are a lot of christian democrats than you think .
i was grown up in a republican conservative protestant household .
many of my christan friends are democrat but against same sex marriage and abortion
how are you gon na call someone judgmental then call them a disgusting piece of shit for a situation you know very little about ?
because if it 's better than gothic 3 than that 's good enough for me .
he 's actually not excluding himself from the joe-list '' either .
it 's also true that to get the statistically correct '' answer you need no ask a lot of people .
it follows that a lot of people '' or an average of a population contains mostly your average joes .
you 're one i 'm one and probably that poster above too .
i 'd prefer it if we didn't develop driverless cars or at least not ai the way it 's portrayed here .
i mean if attention is what you 're gunning for sure .
unfortunately it has been removed because it must either be a direct image link ending in a file extension or an album .
if your imgur submission is a gallery with multiple images please resubmit as an album with a in the url instead of gallery .
otherwise please re-submit using a direct image link must end in jpg gif png etc thanks .
if your mobile app refuses to let you upload a direct image link let them know !
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that before submitting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
£10 or around that will get you all the parts for the project .
please review the sidebar and then comment in the stickied faq thread at the top of r/bitcoin if you still have questions .
i spent years watching my soon-to-be ex husband 's alcoholism destroy any hope we had for a future .
he used to be a patient and wonderful father .
he let that decision to keep drinking and ignore the help that was offered to him through aa doctors me our children etc .
and it 's all because he let that poor decision control everything .
give them their time to sort everything out release their news if they have to release something .
if they would like to get listed on binance they probably will ask themselves and do n't need a petition for that .
that said i 'm really looking forward to the next couple of months ! !
i get most of my desired 4*s and 5*s a banner or two after they were featured .
it 's helped calm the anxiety that i 'm missing '' anything if i do n't get them on their banner because i know i 'll get them eventually .
except for time limited banners but i lucked out enough to get a tilith and two 9s so i 'm not salty at all there .
as i said i agree with you but sometimes there is no way to communicate .
we did not have anyone in the team who knew chinese .
hello i 'm new to the philippines and have a question .
do non-english foreign language films usually play with english subtitles or tagalog ?
i have a 2001 dodge grand caravan with 117k miles .
it does this intermittently so it could go a few days to a week with no problems then it will start up again .
on occasion there is a red dot present on the dash near where the check engine light would be but it 's not there all the time .
usually after a few attempts to start it it will not turn over at all and i have to wait a few minutes before i can try to start it again .
if i turn the key on and off rapidly to read the code it comes up with p1684 which i googled and it shows as a transmission module error but i have no issues with the transmission so i 'm not sure if it 's related .
we checked the battery for corrosion checked fuses and the fuel pump seems to be fine .
not sure if it 's having a hard time reading the chip key but it does this with both sets of keys .
is there some settings that get changed after update ?
i know some of my settings turned from off to on after i got the creator update when it first came out .
is there list of things i need to disable that invades my privacy ?
i have almost anything remotely invading disabled but is there anything new ?
hey i 'm eloboosting12 banned for pm spam and i 've been boosting for 3 months now https imgur.com/a/p1uzf
add me on discord discordlul 0920 or skype samuel.fung2 for discussion .
i 'm a big wuss and ca n't deal with drops .
i did gringotts in universal orlando for the sake of my love for harry potter it was just within the range of my acceptance of a drop .
i also rode the seven dwarfs mine train and i was so spooked and terrified and shaking it ruined the entire magic kingdom day for me luckily there was a second day planned to magic kingdom so i was able to enjoy magic kingdom on the second visit .
i really wanted to try journey to the center of the earth but the drop at the end looks terrifying and long ! ! !
i 've tried looking at youtube videos but it 's dark and very hard to see .
i 'm not sure why but i ca n't deal with drop rides .
i 'll all for trying it out but i 'm afraid that it would ruin my visit to disney sea and i 'm only there for 1 day .
i am starting a new venture with couple of colleagues .
we are into dev ops and cloud based product development .
we have roped in a client and are about to set up shop .
it seems anything starting with cloud is already a trademark or registered .
i hope everyone is ok. those houses are so close .
please contact friends to see if they 're ok .
so it all started 2 years ago when i began working at a preschool .
i would start getting this sick feeling of being extremely fatigued but it would only last about a week .
this lasted every month for about a 10 months but was manageable .
the next year came and it got slightly worse but was still only feeling like this for a weeks time with maybe 3 bad days .
the next summer was ok but not as good as the last one i was good for maybe 2 months .
oh and exercise has become almost impossible 30 minutes of yoga and i 'm exhausted the next day 40 minute walk and i 'm exhausted for a few days .
fast forward to now since august i had gotten sick for 2 weeks feeling extreme fatigue almost took off an entire week of work .
then was better for about 5 days got sick for 10 days was goo for a few days got a small bout for 5 days was good for another 5 and now i have felt this was for 10 days and still feel horrible .
its so hard to get through the day but i force myself when i have to because i dont want to get fired .
i dont know if this is chronic fatigue or my job with all the germs but it is not normal .
i ca n't do things i used to be able to and i have to nap all the time when other people way older dont .
my father has went though this too i believe so its scaring me that i have the same thing .
i am also in grad school and its so hard getting to school and doing the work but i try as hard as i can .
i want to give up an just lay in bed and its causing anxiety and depression as well .
i also might add i had blood work twice in 2 months and no mono or strange thing detected
the detroit partnership is a powerful italian mafia organization in the united states working with canadian mafia factions chicago outfit licavoli crime family and the five families of new york .
they are involved with various forms of organized crime including gambling and racketeering .
the current head of the detroit partnership is jackie giacalone .
the top billionaire in detroit is daniel gilbert who is worth over 5 billion and runs jack entertainment a company that owns casinos and hotels as well as being a primary owner of the cleveland cavaliers .
the mafia are involved with rigging sports and fixing bets .
the mafia also go hand in hand with casinos .
jack entertainment was formerly called rock gaming until 2016 and i believe they changed the name to honor jack giacalone .
the mafia use jewish businessmen and wicked white collar mobsters like dan gilbert as front men to conceal their money laundering and other criminal activities .
the mafia prefer casinos because of the cash flow that enables them to easily launder their criminal profits .
it is reported the italian mafia make tens of billion per year .
mafia enterprises are more prosperous than most legal industries especially since mafias do n't pay taxes .
jack entertainment also operates in ohio and the detroit partnership operated in ohio with peter licavoli as the head of their criminal operations that included gambling .
the zerilli family have been top bosses of the detroit mafia and their name zerilli is related to the zara dice game for gambling .
zara is also the italian and austrian name for zadar croatia and the odescalchi family of rome holds princely titles in croatia to this day .
the detroit mafia use the term partnership for partinico sicily where nene geraci ran sicilian operations .
the ventimiglia family ruled geraci and this is where nene geraci took his name from .
the ventimiglia family are a very large nobility of genoa sicily france and spain .
they are presently intermarried with the savoy-aosta branch with princess silvia paterno-ventimiglia of spedalotto married to prince amadeo of savoy-aosta .
another member of the ventimiglia family is swiss professor giovanni ventimiglia who is involved with metaphysics and roman catholic gnosticism as well as covertly working as a mind controller programmer and brainwasher for rome and the savoy-aosta family .
the ventimiglia family held about a dozen titles of lordship in sicily and originated in ventimiglia of northern italy until the savoy family conquered them .
the house of savoy-aosta have become part owners of the detroit partnership and purchased a portion from the pallavicini and odescalchi families which still have ownership today .
detroit boss william tocco took his name from the tocco family of italy and greece which gave the name to the town of tocca da casauria ruled by an italian-croatian nobility called the boemondo di tarsia family just as the odescalchi family ruled in croatia .
the pallavicini family have little connections with sicily which is why their lucchese crime family keeps getting shut down .
the savoy pallavicini and odescalchi families all have ruled in genoa in the past .
the savoy-aosta and ventimiglia families give the detroit partnership its stability .
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:19pm by u/orizinet https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773lot/lebron\_james\_wears\_equality\_shoes\_on\_opening\_night ? utm\_source=ifttt
girl 9 dies after 325-pound cousin sits on her as ‘punishment '
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:15pm by u/larmanaut1 https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773ktt/girl\_9\_dies\_after\_325pound\_cousin\_sits\_on\_her\_as ? utm\_source=ifttt
bowe bergdahl us soldier who spent five years in taliban captivity pleads guilty to desertion
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:16pm by u/lapapinton https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773l4h/bowe\_bergdahl\_us\_soldier\_who\_spent\_five\_years\_in ? utm\_source=ifttt
02:33:59 maretul negustor an i am off done with eve broke an rip off
02:34:29 maretul negustor one less player to play the game
02:34:41 maretul negustor i am done that was all i got
02:34:52 maretul negustor an i am not spending one more diem on eve
02:35:13 maretul negustor you guys rip me total an complite off
02:37:05 noblefist stargazer you can be brave that you just made another player leave the game
02:39:23 maretul negustor gl hve fun you won the battle an the isk be brav that i am leaveing the game also dont have isk to start over or the funs to pick up any contracts so that was it for me
02:40:54 maretul negustor no need no one needs to get anyting its just get deletet
02:41:17 armtoe sell it on the black market and make enough for a pizza
02:42:06 maretul negustor this is twice i lost my isk an i am done paying that was my lifeline to play the game dont got the funds after a injuri
02:42:48 maretul negustor so that was it for me so be brav an go out an tell the world how you killed me
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:22pm by u/bunchan66 https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773mbg/ghanaian\_asylum\_seeker\_charged\_with\_rape\_in ? utm\_source=ifttt
prisoners across santa clara and alameda counties are currently on a hunger strike .
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:19pm by u/muleyryan https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773lpc/prisoners\_across\_santa\_clara\_and\_alameda\_counties ? utm\_source=ifttt
woman with 3 dui arrests in 19 days to be sentenced thursday
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:20pm by u/t800x https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773lzm/woman\_with\_3\_dui\_arrests\_in\_19\_days\_to\_be ? utm\_source=ifttt
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:29pm by u/stoga https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773nnk/a\_silent\_epidemic\_of\_cancer\_is\_spreading\_among\_men ? utm\_source=ifttt
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:29pm by u/whittlingdixi https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773nm5/in\_a\_surprise\_move\_lexington\_removes ? utm\_source=ifttt
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:24pm by u/deathpov https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773mpk/amnesty\_myanmar\_committed\_crimes\_against\_humanity ? utm\_source=ifttt
a federal lawmaker who many observers expect will run for president in 2020 has some harsh words about u.s. drug policy .
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:33pm by u/2infinity\_andbeyond https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773oji/a\_federal\_lawmaker\_who\_many\_observers\_expect\_will ? utm\_source=ifttt
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:36pm by u/orizinet https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773p2e/lapd\_to\_launch\_drones ? utm\_source=ifttt
white collar crime expert macomb county corruption case could linger for months
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:31pm by u/pepperitetw https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773o6e/white\_collar\_crime\_expert\_macomb\_county ? utm\_source=ifttt
lyft driver accused of sexually assaulting austin passenger in 2015 police say
submitted october 17 2017 at 04:42pm by u/bunchan66 https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/773qax/lyft\_driver\_accused\_of\_sexually\_assaulting\_austin ? utm\_source=ifttt
so a few years ago i noticed it was becoming more and more difficult to play video games because i would more or less get dizzy with pretty bad headaches .
realized that i ca n't play video games with motion blur .
example i 'm playing golf story on the switch right now and i feel a little sick when i run .
more extreme example i literally ca n't touch warframe .
how do you deal with it if you do n't ?
i understand how this sounds and maybe i 'm selfish/lazy/dumb but i just got hired 3 weeks ago and have more hours than i need .
i 'm just out of high school so i 'm willing to work any sort of time slot until i enroll into college next semester but i signed up part time and yet this upcoming week i 'm at 38.5 hours .
i have this feeling my manager will blow up or tell me to quit if i request less hours so i 'm not sure how i should handle this .
the store manager made a big point in my interview saying he does n't want to hear me asking to modify my times for at least the first 30 days .
this is my first job so i 'm still kind of nervous to ask people stuff .
is the end result most likely me getting fired/having to quit if i ask ?
apparently the person before me quit within the first couples weeks and the dude before him only stayed a few months too .
what was you worst loss of a lead in smite .
mine was on assault and we could have won but my team decided let 's get kills and we got decided soon after losing both towers a phoenix and the titan .
some of the bloggers claim that the glitters sold in the market have chemicals ingredients that reduce the skin radiance .
i use glitters a lot but currently have no skin issues .
heard the fried grilled cheese was one of the best things this year but i could n't find it yesterday .
got the fried crab-cake cheese curds and they were underwhelming .
best thing i had was the classic grilled corn on the cob .
just curious ... .for those that user a lb on d do u let the computer control your guy at the snap and then assume control when it 's time to make a break on the ball ?
or do u hold strafe and immediately start manuevering your user ?
i ask this as it seems like the hardest transition to make from dline usering to lb usering .
i notice sometimes i instantly take my lb out of the play by over anticipating .
should i be waiting a second or two longer ?
i installed monero on windows and noticed that there are a great many 3rd party libraries involved .
is there any possibility that a 3rd party library could add a trojan which eventually backdoors monero client ?
or when compiling monero does the build script download/build the 3rd party dependencies as well ?
i am a 22 year old recent college graduate working full-time .
i recently checked my credit score and saw that it has gone down some 14-19 points since june 2017 from around 693 to 674 .
i have a pretty limited credit history college student loans under my parent 's name with no late payments no credit cards issued in my name no other lines of credit etc .
the only other thing i have on my credit history is that i am an authorized user for a capital one credit card in my mother 's name .
my mother set me as an authorized user some time ago because she believed it would help boost my credit .
however because it consistently runs a high balance around 4,000 4,000 though no late monthly payments my 'utilization ' is nearly maxed out which seems to be negatively affecting my credit according to my creditkarma report .
my question is first would this be a cause for a steep drop in my credit score over the past 3-4 months ?
if so would i be able to call capital one and have them remove it from my credit history ?
i 've read on here and other sources that your bank can remove the effects of being an authorized user from your credit history .
however i am hesitant to do this if there is some other cause for the decrease in my score and removing the capital one effects would decrease my score further .
some other things that have happened over the past 3-4 months are that i began working full-time and i began renting .
i do not have any delinquent payments that would negatively affect my score .
so are ezra and wes i just realized recently how they look like each other .
but the best casting for this imo is drew van acker as jason !
i know they changed the jason in season 2 i think and when i first laid eyes on jason not only does he look dreamy and angelic and super cute but he also looks like sasha tbh !
in the books this is the case as jason was described to be the hot boy version of alison with the blonde hair and blue eyes and in the series with the same perfect hair and perfect chin .
and also with andrea parker as mrs. d she absolutely looks like sasha and drew as well !
i 'm sorry i just still ca n't get over the fact .
i just signed up for the email list so maybe i 'm missing something .
i live in the cleveland ohio area and i 'm seeing if any of you guys can help me out in finding a new place to go for live edge material or for exotic woods .
the place i go now is in north ridgeville and he has a limited supply and looking to have multiple places to go check out .
matched up against mcdavid and completely shut him down while being a threat offensively .
they put together a highlight reel of slavin taking the puck from mcdavid and quickly transitioning the other way and it was about a minute long .
it 's a treat to watch him as a canes fan every game .
wow ... not only is the i7 256gb 8gb ram cheaper than the same config for the sb1 when it came out it 's a quad core unlike the dual core in the sb1
i set my computer and ipod to spanish because my profeciency has gotten to the point where i can manage it .
and constant exposure to the language would make my spanish better .
but i always have wondered why every button is in the infinitive like continuar '' instead of continua '' or continuas '' instead .
item b/o float screen in game bs screen in game ps metjm
i 'm on a 80hr bus ride and i 'm trying to make a beat a day .
i 've been listening to a lot of dark side of the clouds 6lack yungdeathlillife and high tide in the snakes nest .
i 'm interested in what y'all do to get inspired .
if y'all wan na listen to my shit i 'll post the link to my soundcloud .
i think weddings are two fold legal and social bonding .
a courthouse wedding is fine for those who want it but a ceremony and reception serves to legitimize the union in a social manner .
adding some social legitimacy to my impending marriage is important to me because my fiancé is a foreign national who unfortunately will be scrutinized by extended family and friends à la the old green card cliché .
this is partly my fault for not sharing the news of my serious relationship years ago .
i mean i 'm the kind of person who dodges an aunt in the grocery store before she has the opportunity to see me .
i do n't want people to think she married some strange foreign guy without telling anyone . ''
rather i 'd like them to think i met her husband at their wedding .
i know that i can not prevent everyone from having their suspicions but at least i can have some witnesses to relay good humanizing information should other people voice speculation .
we want our union to be celebrated and we want others to bear witness so we 're planning a wedding of 50 guests only 35 will likely attend .
i know if we do n't have a ceremony and reception we will regret it because it 's a once in a lifetime event .
however i realize that i do not want to be the center of attention i do n't want to be interactive and i do n't want to dance in any capacity .
i pushed myself through the intimate engagement ceremony and the lovely photos but i just wanted to slink away with my fiancé .
in the end i was glad that i pushed through even though i did n't feel excitement or joy in the moment .
wife '' is a better noun for me than bride . ''
i almost feel embarrassed to think of myself as a bride .
even though the yankees won today i want to appreciate the efforts of sonny gray .
since being traded the man has pitched but for some odd reason many yankee fans seem to think he is n't good enough .
i was excited that he was traded to the yankees at the deadline but i 've seen many fans wince when they realize its him on the mound .
i on the other think gray is a solid pitcher who has suffered from terrible offensive support on the days he has pitched .
since joining the yankees aug. 3 was first start he went 4-7 .
in the 7 games he lost with the yankees 5 of those games the yanks scored 1 run or less obviously meaning 0 .
he had a 3.55 era this year and had a losing record 10-12 while moving from one team oakland to the friggin yankees .
today sonny pitched 5 scoreless innings let up 2 runs in the 6th but had no run support once again .
same against the indians when he pitched game one vs the indians 0 run support .
i like gray as a pitcher and hope that this is just for this year since we have him signed for next year .
he is a solid 2-3 pitcher who can be an ace for bad teams .
if we can keep going in the postseason i hope we atleast run the score for gray since pitchers hate being in game behind in the scoreboard .
spent 18 on barber to fix it up they didnt fix the issue i know i shouldve checked it
it is an educational series about the counties in the united states .
my goal is to go through all the counties in the united states .
it would be nice to get a thousand views on the channel but do n't go out of your way .
every time i see a water fight or flash mob or something guys .
that shit is n't even gon na shave for my health and hope something happens .
total number of seniors in the senate 77 out of 100
25 of senators are over the age of 70 .
35 of the house is over 65 years old 135 of 435 .
i 'm running it for halloween and was looking for advice particularly regarding the monsters .
sorry long read i know hi everyone in this lovely sub i have a couple questions that i would like to get answered by more experienced mech enthusiasts than myself .
so to begin i recently purchased the ducky year of the rooster which is their newest limited edition model and have some issues with it .
for instance there is no way of knowing this but they went from an aluminum top 2016 yotm back to plastic .
also the software supplied to the shine 6 and yotm do n't seem to work with the new model .
anyways i believe i will be returning this product but am wondering if there are better resources to determine specs of new keyboards .
another issue that comes up if i were to exchange this board for something else would be whether or not they have updated cherry switches .
i have been informed that cherry updated/improved their switches around late 2016 .
i am wondering if there would be any way i could identify whether or not a keyboard model had these before i purchase a new board since not every keyboard built after the new switches were released would have the new switches .
5radiant:1powder and 50 golds an alternative idea which nobody even ever thought of .
1radiant underprice of 10g show rest of world how you do n't care .
just after some people to play mw3 with who are n't hacking cunts p do n't have mic atm will soon .
i know my gt is ridiculous i let my fiancé 's daughter make one up
for those living in and near the city los angeles
there are currently no active wildfires in the city of los angeles though there is still an active brush fire near mount wilson .
due to current weather conditions it is not only possible but likely that you will notice a smoke odor from this fire .
here is some important health advice from the cdc and aqmd
if you note and can localize flames nearby with no clear evidence of firefighters present please report the situation to 9-1-1 .
you should only call 9-1-1 to request the immediate response of police firefighters or paramedics .
do not call 9-1-1 simply to ask a question !
what are the best bars/events going on for halloween night ?
message if the bot goes down https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=poochi subject=bot+is+down
batman 50 and superman 50 dcbs exclusive connecting variants from neal adams and jeremy cox
i just conquered seregost and my cirith ungol overlord is significantly lower level than me .
i searched all over the net but ca n't find a solution .
song used in this vine https vine.co/v/5nzdzlgxfwi as well as a bunch of other and the pineapple soda '' meme vines .
googling pineapple soda song '' has n't gotten me anywhere and shazam ca n't seem to match with just the 6 second loop .
in my legacy save not a single one of my sims has had the fertile trait and they do not have the twins lot trait yet i keep getting twins over and over again .
it 's happened to me when i 'm playing other families too but i 've noticed it the most in my legacy because they have to have so many kids .
i 'm asking because if other people are experiencing this and it 's a legitimate bug we may be able to report it to the gurus .
and i know you can turn multiple births off with mcc but i do n't want to completely lose the ability to have them i just wish the game were more realistic with how many twins are born .
i know we have the bushes some people love them some people hate them but in general i feel like we need more of this kind of thing .
i love this game but there is a lot of vast open spaces with very little natural cover besides the odd bush and trees to hide behind i think it would be nice to see more cover in the game as in corn fields tall grass maybe even some road blockades near road and towns that sort of thing .
i know alot of people are going to say we have the building mechanic in the game we can make our own cover '' and i do n't dispute that at all i just do n't think that allways the best thing to do in certain situations throw up cover and be a big glowing beacon for all to see especially if you 're low on ammo/health and you 're trying to sneak from one area to the next trying to gather loot .
just to be clear i do n't want the map covered in hiding spots just some areas that provide a bit of natural cover between some of the towns etc .
i 'm at a quest kinda late in the game where i have to take a selfie with a specific woman and even though i have and she 's following me on coonstagram now the quest is not updating to show that i have indeed taken the selfie .
so far i 've taken about 20 selfies with her to try to get it to force it .
i 've also left the area she 's in and come back .
i 've also shut down the game and reopened it to no avail .
i 'm playing on pc through steam and unfortunately i can not go to a previous save .
i 've posted on the ubisoft tech support forums but i was wondering if any of you have come across a similar issue and if you 've figured out how to get past it .
i really enjoy playing this game but this issue is preventing me from progressing .
also i have a lot playskins let me know if you interested something .
i do n't leave the house much unless i really have to and usually after i reschedule 1 or 2 times .
i do n't go to therapy '' because i have nothing new to say and do n't want to drive there .
i 'm on bupropion which keeps me from getting to low and angry .
but ... i still feel lazy not wanting to do things even if i enjoy doing it .
i used to be angry all the time but mainly just frustration .
i cant interact with a relationship before i become to negative '' or to intense '' .
i cant focus on anything even video games unless they are nonstop action or until i get to frustrated .
im burning through a large savings slowly i own my house outright and smoke 2-3 blunts a day .
this part i want to keep doing but eliminate the rest .
i want to be motivated and get things done outside of the house i dont work but still have responsibilities i want a 9-5 so i can feel useful again .
or i want to start an internet business i can do from home .
weed helped at first as a distraction but as i get more and more tolerant before taking my break it distracts less .
when i take a break of course i get ragey and worse so i avoid breaks if i can and they usually only last a week instead of 3-4 like recommended .
i just want a 9-5 that makes me enough to build towards a 2mil portfolio so i can live off the interest .
i have this weird problem where my arcade inputs do n't save in retroarch .
when i map my buttons and quit say turtles in time all is reset to default .
i believe the problem is there with all my arcade games but it seems to effect none of my console games snes nes genesis ... .
i ca n't for the life of me figure out why and it 's starting to piss me off .
i 've tried re-installing all modules including ofc the arcade modules but the problem persists ...
if anyone could help i 'd really appreciate it !
after i installed the new fall update my overwatch game go from 180 fps to 60fps in a second randomly spots on the maps .
this is a known issuse that blizzard know they telling us amd users to stay on 17.1.1
but now 17.1.1 driver also have fps drops like crazy
i dont understand why amd/windows/blizz whatever ca n't fix this problem that about of amd users have been going for a very very long time now .
i tried to play pubg with the fall update and i feel it 's a lot better for my pc .
edit it also frozing my spotify app on my second screen so i 've to restart spotify everytime i alt+tab
due to the sun setting earlier and earlier my friend and i have decided it 's time to bust out the glow sticks and lights and play some glow golf .
what are the best glow sticks that you 've used ?
what do you use to attach the glow sticks to your discs ?
i know many people on this subreddit and more broadly criticize the narrative of having to love '' your work and feel passion '' for it but at the same time people who are interested in academia certainly enjoy it on some level it 's not boring or they would n't be doing it .
my question is for those of you who suffer from depression or anhedonia for some other reason do you find it has an effect on your enjoyment of your academic work the same as fun '' things like watching a show/baking/reading/etc or are they in your opinion too qualitatively different from each other for academic work/research to really be considered sources of pleasure and therefore do not get affected by anhedonia ?
i 'm not accusing hugh hefner of anything just saying it ca n't be denied he propagated and popularised the view of women as objects .
i recently a month ago bought a thinkpad from lenovo .
i 'm primarily using it for school but i did n't buy it from a bookstore .
about a week ago some of the keys stopped working so i sent it in for repairs to get the keyboard fixed .
it 's been sitting on parts hold for four days and i 'm just wondering if anyone has had a similar experience ?
i 'd kind of really like to have it back i really need it for school .
i know it will be free to play next year but i do want to try the game .
however ... .i hear so many negative things about the progression in the game and also with buying the lowest tier for entry i feel ill have even more of struggle with it what do you guys suggest pick it up now or just keep waiting till they hopefully change the pay model ?
also i 'm sure this gets asked a lot but id love more info for the current state of it
usually it 'll come one day and come back another but 5 consecutive days in a row ?
it 's crazy that i used to be happy !
ca n't remember when i was last truly happy think i might 've been 15 .
and i can try do something to make me happy like draw but i do n't have the effort .
i 've never played paths of exile but i always read poe as paths of exile instead of plains of eidolon .
hey everyone i hope you 're having a great wednesday my dudes .
i often see people on the sub writing about how they wish they could afford custom terrain in their games and i wanted to encourage those of you that do n't want to spend hundreds of dollars on dwarven forge-type terrain that all is not lost !
you can still have the custom terrain that you 've always wanted for your games .
sure it is n't going to be as magically perfect as a pre-bought terrain setup but it sure is a hell of a lot cheaper and you 'll be surprised at what 2.5d terrain can bring to your table .
recently i started teasing a group of mine toward the opening of the hidden shrine of tamoachan .
while i 've ran the module before i wanted to offer something different this time around and took it upon myself to craft some of the more interesting rooms .
so far i 've only completed the first two rooms representing about an hour and a half of total work spread out across 3 days or so .
you can find those two rooms here https imgur.com/a/gwa1e .
now remember that you do n't always have to build totally-specific rooms .
in fact by building rooms that are less specific on purpose you can end up with something you 'll use over and over https imgur.com/a/ez9jc .
if you are at all interested in this type of craft know that it 's quick simple and cheap .
most of the time all you will need is some decent cardboard glue and paint .
if you want to try something like this out for yourself you can learn the same way i did by watching dm scotty 's https www.youtube.com/channel/ucf-i5kmuwyv6n3xi5z1telg videos .
i had this for some time i noticed i have n't used it in a while.so i started using it again .
love the extensions adblock and that chrome extension for syncing my bookmarks.that secret mode is killer .
and i dont know if its new but now i can swipe on the tab bar or even the bottom toolbar to switch tabs just like chrome.last time i used it it dint have this or maybe i dint notice .
and it definitely has a lot more features night mode video history quick acess secret mode that small three dot button that lets you change the fontsize so easily.and its quite snappy and less of a resourcehog .
now if you have a samsung phone then there is integration with samsung pass its great samsung pass works great with fingerprint/iris recognition and also on most websites .
snipers should not be able to make an accurate shot standing up .
point blank the stability should steadily increase as the sniper gets into more of a supportive position .
standing up should give heavy scope wobble crouching should give medium wobble and prone should give little to none at all .
would encourage the sniper to get into a hide instead of running around quickscoping at close range .
i hate seeing snipers rush up with me when im playing an assault class .
it shouldnt be easy to snipe someone 500m in a standing position .
that kind off shot should require a stable postion to fire and it would also discourage quick peeking a ridge while scoped in waiting for the first person to pop out .
the times healthcare services are overloaded are when there are major events wounding large numbers of people in the individual 's example major fires set large numbers of properties alight .
in day to day use if you only have a small single engine department but two fires to attend to you ca n't just like one nurse ca n't look after infinite patients .
more houses to protect more chances of fires more fire engines and staff .
if you do n't expand in this way there will come a point where it is protect either x or y '' .
both increase the cost of care as the population rises .
in the example of healthcare larger population means more nurses/gps/surgeons/etc to care for the community and major events mean there is a shortage compared to demand .
how is it dishonest if they mention it in the article ?
sure it 's clickbait but ca n't just label it fake news because you 're too lazy to read into it
serious question that we must ask is russia still using the president to accomplish this goal ?
it tells you when you pick your difficulty that it changes the sliders .
the ref stuff i agree with but part of the problem is the ai seems to be able to make tackles and get the ball first where the player would not be able to .
but hey without that it would be too easy .
i suppose i designed this with the desktop version in mind .
i 've gotten some feedback to add last intersection instead of last location as a final column i 've talked to a few people who say they really want to know the last location of the bus .
i suppose that makes sense if it 's winter and you want to know why it 's taking a while .
i 'm just trying to utilize every aspect of their api because they provide so much data .
if there are features you think i should add in addition instead i 'd love to know .
its a kid and you have to consider the roles he had .
i dont recall jingle all the way since i havent seen it since it was new but for star wars i think he did fine .
you have to remember that its mostly the fault of lucas as he directed it but even more importantly wrote the dialog for him to say .
its how everyone hated hayden christensen unfairly for when he played anakin .
like that ridiculous line about sand that reddit loves to spout so often .
its not his fault but lucas writing such crap and then having the actors say it .
we 'll never know if jake lloyd wouldve been .
not going to say that just because an actor is a child they get a free pass but i think it really shows how good/bad a director is though .
neither thauvin or moura is good enough for arsenal pretty average players .
when you start a match you get the name and vehicle and title etc of every single player in that match and then receive their position orientation damage state etc a few dozen times each second .
i would have been 10 years old and in year 4 .
moved out of newcastle and to sydney to a new university .
lost a couple friends made a couple of new friends .
been on a lot of dates most of which that have been unsuccessful .
hoping to get some travelling done in the next 10 years .
how about making tobacco food and drinks company 's take responsibility for the shit they push down our throats and lung and pay for the ops .
if we evolved from monkeys ... why we still got monkeys ? ''
the way you talk around the christian opposition to anti-bullying laws is impressive .
as is your refusal to respond to the question of bathrooms .
and that it is ok for a person with a penis to use the woman 's restroom .
normally you could debug android via usb but our app uses an external smart card reader which blocks the usb port .
that leaves us with remote debugging over the network .
for security reasons our wifi is completely separate from the network the development pcs are on .
therefore the most convenient solution is a combination of microusb to usb adapters a usb hub and an ethernet adapter .
i once tried to buy a crate of guns from them .
i got news for you baby we have a giordano 's as of two months ago .
you 've stated your stance you 've attempted justification wtf are you waiting for ?
you want us to tell you it 's okay ?
as an older married guy i 'll give you my two cents .
remember that you 'll eventually grow up maybe you 'll find some giant tittied amazon gal with a whale 's vagina .
but then you 'll have a daughter ... and you 'll realize what a huge cunt muffin you are .
you do n't really understand anyone else 's perspective well enough to explain anything .
you look out and you see a different world from the one other people see .
you are the one asking questions about obvious positions .
if you spent any meaningful amount of time thinking about these topics you would n't ask such questions but understand my position and be highly specific .
you can not promote equality without a strong central authority actually controlling the distribution of resources and opportunities .
the eu does well specifically because it promotes cooperation in a federated way without the concentration of power .
no it does well because it created a higher level of authority of a divided community of nations .
it 's also not a federal authority although that certainly is the next obvious step .
while i agree that a global confederacy would be useful care must be taken to ensure that member states retain autonomy and are not forced to act against their own interests .
copyright law comes to mind as an area of danger .
what is the benefit of copyright law and why should n't it be dictated by a central authority in a global context ?
copyright is a horrible example due to the fact that there is no real evidence of it serving a productive purpose and therefore should be abandoned to begin with .
people not being allowed to use and improve upon research and technology holds us back as a species .
whether we 're hideous or not is a matter of opinion but we are undeniably fat .
it 's no wonder then that myself and my two closest friends all have partners who are not from this country at all and far more attractive for it !
one day hopefully i 'll be able to stay indoors and win battles with all my potions just like you .
its a lottery but if u are lucky seems like a good idea
i 'm not sure if everyone is in the mood to talk about this just yet .
idk why i laughed so hard at him backing up and driving away .
he 's like maybe no one noticed and i can just leave '' ...
this one really got to me i have n't managed to finish it .
when i think of it now i still get tense .
yeah i 'll be around for at least another hour .
just let me know here or add me on psn and shoot me a message there when you 're ready .
i suppose i would if i had somewhere to store clutter .
by the way what is the average weight of a computer is ?
because we have judges and community members trying to push shariah law and that is n't going to fly .
it 's not a great place there is a good amount of gang activity in the area and it has even more issues with the governance of the area than other places in michigan in terms of infrastructure .
not to mention the extremely large amount of people leeching off of welfare because they make their money through under-the-table transactions which you can clearly tell as if you people watch you can see pretty nicely sized wads of cash in purses/wallets/etc .
these designs produced in two days were 400 better than what they actually went with so ...
12 ‘casual ' sex partners may be too much for me to deal with depending on how close the experiences were to each other .
the pharaoh looks pretty beastly lots of comments saying that the clone likes to leak through the 510 which is something i 've never heard of .
i think i 'm still deciding between the wasp and sxk entheon .
for now i 'll stick with something easy the easier the better .
i'ma bookmark that pharaoh clone for a future purpose though it looks pretty boss .
the problem is is that establishment politicians of all tie colours are censorious shits in the uk .
labour started this under blair with hate speech laws and sorry to any corbynites here he 's worse .
he was been pushing for smoking bans since the 80s .
under camron may helped as home sectratary make these laws worse and outlawed certain types of porn to be made but not viewed in the uk and rudd is simply her protégé still taking orders from someone whose only competiceny 's seem to be in decimating the police giving security contracts to the company her husband is a big wig in and being a censorious handbag .
she 's like cruella deville from 101 dalmatians but incompetent .
it 's bad when you get an ex pass to a raid with 0 people .
for now just avoid using maim equinox syndicate weapons/mods or anything else that can damage untargetable containers .
partner had an accident in our car hit another cars trailer box thing .
went through the insurance as i felt paying for whatever they said would be a potential disaster and a con .
they just knocked down my 5 years no claims to 3 this was the only impact on my renewal quote .
except gt sport doesnt have a single player just some challenges like assetto corsa does it 's focused entirely on multiplayer
hello i have a matching egg i was wondering if you could hatch for me ?
i am free mornings 7-8am bst 10pm 11pm your time i think ? a bit late can be available afternoons 12-1pm bst 3-4am for you too early or after 6pm bst 9am-1pm your time i think .
or weekend might be best unless you are about any of those times ?
if you grew up in china you would have had 0
he 'll get plenty of playing time and looks better equiped than other rookie sf 's .
tatum wo n't get the minutes^1 and isaac is n't ready so he only has to go up against whomever has a surprise season .
1 although we do n't know for sure how the celtics respond to hayward being out
and there 's no room on the bed with all these stuffed animals like lol
congrats you win macaroni 's r/49ers monthly comment of the month .
agreed every time someone suggests medication is cheating '' to me it just sounds like i 'd like to gain an advantage over you without making any effort please stop trying so i can easily overtake you and feel better about myself . ''
how do guitar tab book makers compose the tabs from musicians/bands ?
do they use software that they input the song and it composes the guitar parts into tab ?
if that was the case you could argue that using synthetic tests on you cpu is also pointless .
if it is stable running fur mark you can be sure it will be stable running anything else .
just because it wo n't be stressed like that in actual use does not mean it will not hit 100 load at times playing more demanding games .
furmark will mostly find instability faster than just playing games for a a while .
m kb will have a huge advantage in the rts game !
i ca n't believe people ca n't realize it .
i feel like this article is more about dissing mykl than talking about how good the two koreans are ... k/d 0.82 ... .
there 's a lot of guides online but it depends on your gpu .
i 'm running an nvidia 1060 so i created a custom 75hz resolution profile and applied it .
this guide http www.techadvisor.co.uk/how-to/pc-peripheral/how-overclock-your-monitor-3635779 lays it out step by step .
is pays attention to little details '' they said .
at first i 'm like this must be in a remote location with no one within several miles ...
i skipped through most of it until the battle came ... then ... who designs a long range robot that is meant to stay away from the opponent ... this is slow ... .
this felt like prometheus in battle warriors vs havoc ... except you know ... 3d ... which means prometheus is screwed ...
obviously the japanese robot was out gunned in the record fight ...
i was thinking to myself was there no regulation in what they built ?
anyway leave it to my compatriots to take advantage of shitty rules ... gaming the system is what we do .
it was beautiful and messy and so is the story and so are people .
for context i 'm poly and so it just hit me 100 times harder than for folks for who it 's just an interesting window into an alternative lifestyle .
there 's absolutely zero point in buying the i5 6500 because it 's on a completely dead platform whereas ryzen has support guaranteed for the next 3-4 years .
most probably it is about unstable and uncertain situations though .
once owl settles down most of the players in league will be happy see taimou for example .
even players outside the league can find a motivation and a thing that they can aim for to keep them focused .
schwarber reminds me of every dickhead sitting outside a cafe in los feliz wearing a half-open shirt and sipping on a 7 latte while complaining about how fake and vapid la is compared to wherever the hell else they moved here from 2 weeks ago .
i bet if these fools walked around an actual blue-collar la neighborhood with that attitude shit would get real real quick .
just a moment before i missed on a richie incognito for the same price
i do n't know that 's why i asked .
i thought miqo'te 's were more bound towards eorzea but i guess i ca n't see why there would n't be any who went to hingashi from the start .
it just states on the wiki they are an immigrant race '' like hyur .
when apple decided that the 3mm jack was not necessary
i 've been told to eat what you usually do but just cut your usual meal size in half and you 'll lose weight that way .
also just eating healthier and even going for walks can do wonders
you may have missed the point of my gripe which is the name of the event/organisation but ok
probably go for the soul bond but try to not get as involved in the supernatural as araragi .
sure it is inevitable to an extent but i would n't go seeking it out like araragi does .
i see the games industry imploding in the near future .
places like netflix give you access to hundreds of films etc .
yet games publishers want to milk you dry from just one single offering .
i live in oce and i always get these short lag stutters when i 'm running somewhere but not if when i 'm shooting anyone else relate to this from oce ?
how would you feel if you were paralyzed and some guy was just rolling around in a wheel chair for fun ?
especially when i 'm on low health and i suddenly pass through it .
tatoonie is not the most prosperous planet in the galaxy .
they 're essentially the equivalent of a corrupt dictating family in a shitty middle-east country .
wait credit cards do n't have names on the front now ?
can i/should i assume this was a card with a chip reader that are supposedly more safe ?
come to think of it i 've never been asked for id when using any of my chip implanted credit cards however all of my dept store cc 's always ask for id .
safer from hacking i guess but op 's dilemma ?
like all beings of elegance and sophistication in these benighted times i bathe purely in yak 's milk and the tears of native americans gazing wistfully on the land that was taken from them and polluted .
unfortunately it has been removed because per rule 6 it must be a direct image link .
if your imgur submission is a gallery with multiple images please resubmit as an album with a in the url .
otherwise please re-submit using a direct image link must end in jpg gif png etc thanks .
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that before submitting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wholesomememes if you have any questions or concerns .
heck every mormon reception i 've been to has had dancing .
and i 've been to a lot of them since i 'm a mormon myself .
i get really salty when ricegum threw those dollar bills at a homeless man with the 'make it rain ' gesture .
max pacioretty only because i 've been stopped a few times in public cause i apparently look a lot like him
have those people ever thought about what members in other countries drink ?
i grew up in a somewhat similar ward then i served a mission in russia with a companion from england .
that 's precisely why you need to advertise your beliefs .
so people associate atheism with respectful people like you and me and not angry internet neckbeards .
if this is the first time he is living on his own it could be that he is stressed out .
this could be a major contributor to his absentmindedness/tiredness/moodiness .
also you mentioned being afraid to talk to him .
is this due to your social anxiety or has he lost his temper with you before .
we 're unfortunately no longer a premier job which means we 're not going to land premier coaches .
our ad hire is evidence of that moos was not our first or second or third choice .
it would be the same thing with a head coach .
riley was n't our first choice either as we got shut down by bielema and somebody else that i ca n't remember at the moment .
hell i 'm not even certain frost would take the job if we offered it to him .
again i 've been anti-riley from day one but i just do n't see an amazingly better option out there nor a huge downside to waiting another year .
everybody sees these plays so his value goes up and down like his play on the court .
when your desire for truth outweighs your fear of god you 'll leave no stone unturned .
401ks iras roth and traditional hsa 's sep iras .
currently not interested in investment properties maybe when we are in our 30s .
easy to access backup emergency fund the roth iras .
great for my taxes high earner but pay low rates by making myself and my boyfriend look poor .
low cost of entry and easy for anyone to understand .
my investments move they are not stuck in one location .
cons the stock market could do bad i suppose ?
people think we are dumb for investing in the dangerous '' stock market .
in the future tax changes could effect me but they would effect homeowners as well .
i was just curious to know how exactly i 'm similar to other brands .
i agree with a lot of the comments you post here but other times you just come off angry .
regardless thank you for the input i 'll keep it in mind .
i have seen 4 statez that are suggest to join canada so far .
netapp e5660 is the same shelf as the dell md3060 it 's the 4u 5-tray 60-disk shelf used to be lsi .
do n't know why you 'd compare that to a sc5020 or why you 'd use compellent for large bulk storage you do n't need any of the features .
hmm they must be very rare then i 've gotten 6 crates since the update and they all have n't been the halloween one .
as one who despises the concept of marksman '' as obligatorily botlaning ad sniper '' i thank you in inspiring people to take their shooty dudes out of botlane so i can slowly but surely creep my way back into taking mordekaiser and other juggers down there .
i understand they being perceived as flawed but i feel er builds still have value in a very ashe-like midpoint between caster and crit play-to-not-lose '' sense ?
so that seems to suggest something larger than the nfl .
appropriate approaches and exits onto ross island from the west side .
oh man after reading what you wrote i have the exact same issue with hearing tone that 's not there .
the only way they possibly could have made money was merchandise which i did n't see much .
yep i 'm just gon na pretend his shoe slipped off and it was cockeyed .
this has been my assumption of people for so long now.. and i emphasize my point when somebody orders a tall latte for bill and walks up to linda 's venti mocha frappuccino and asks if that 's his .
i have been putting off getting a warts removed for the same reasoning as you and now i am going to cover it with duct tape and hope for the best .
how long did it take for it to go away completely ?
so you use the site but do n't want to see it continue to be a thing ?
i 'd love to help and her involved recent law grad from the uk and started streaming early july .
this year has also been one of the toughest years of my life
make sure you tap the middle button out of the 3 buttons at the menu .
when you come back to the game it will let you continue from where you left off .
actually if you think about it whatever microsoft buys over gets ruined .
minecraft when owned by mojang used to be great and going to the right direction
yes how ridiculous of me to not want fans interfering in play .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thevoiceofseren if you have any questions or concerns .
to be fair he got it with a rusty gas tank and the video is him fixing it .
thibs never would 've had shit like this going down in practice .
but you pick up the scope separate when the person dies
looked really really good especially for his first game against a legit team .
i have a big bucket and special plunger it 's not a plunger exactly it 's hard plastic and has holes in .
i used 15 litres of water to wash almost 2 weeks worth of clothes .
so that 's about 12 tshirts 12 boxer shorts some socks .
i do laundry every 1-2 weeks and just leave the stuff in soak for a few hours with mold plunging inbetween .
for dying i use the world 's smart clothes mangle it looked bigger in the ebay pics .
drying is a pain in the ass without huge amounts of air flow .
it can take me days in this crappy english weather to dry clothes in here .
tori irritates me but i 'm so glad she 's putting camilla in her place
i mean it may be a bug or a case of poorly labeled functionality but it 's happened to me enough times now that i strongly suspect that this is the cause .
as miss eatbaconloseweight said you do n't need it all .
my advice is to drink a big glass of water eat 10 or 15 olives one at a time then drink more water .
teach your sweet craving that olives are what it gets .
my cousins is buttplug69 it makes for great akward silences when our jehovah 's witnesses family asks for the password .
what could i be fixing instead of this thing ?
would be a decent 90s sci-fi flick if it were not called mario bros .
i 'm not entirely sure it seems to be thinner where they touch together but the same width at the hinge .
we 'll have to wait and see i guess .
yeah i had gotten a couple smaller cutts before i saw this gal and got her .
the last 2 coho ive gotten took my fly right after i popped it and really not too deep in the water column either about 2 or 3 feet below the surface .
based on what you 're saying i could get 25mbps on the same copper line i used for adsl and only got 1-5mbps just because the node is closer with fttn ?
i knew there was a lot of noise on copper and the longer the length more noise but i had no idea it restricted speeds this much ...
and are you saying ultimately speeds should never get slower on fttn vdsl than they were on adsl '' because ultimately '' folks whose connections got worse on the nbn will eventually get fixed ?
i 've been doing 1200 for about 5 years now .
initially i never weighed myself because i do n't believe in healthy '' body weights .
those weight standards are way too generalized and there 's way too many variations from person to person that are not accounted for .
i wan na recommend that you do n't listen to what 's considered overweight '' .
stay away from the scale and pay attention to how you feel and what you and other notice about your body changing .
i think i went for at least half a year without weighing myself and i only did so after i was sure i was having good results it was obvious my clothes did n't even fit anymore just out of curiosity .
i think that weight standards are more useful if you 're worried you 're underweight .
if you feel like you might be developing an eating disorder monitor yourself through the people around you .
if they think you look unhealthy then i think it would be useful to weigh yourself to make sure you have n't lost too much weight .
for people with eating disorders they can perceive themselves as overweight even if they are unhealthily skinny so i would be careful with that .
based on your stats right now it seems like you probably look and are healthy but you would n't become too underweight if you lost some weight .
so just be careful and pay attention to how you feel not how high the number on the scale is .
as for the diet i only worried about calories at the start .
it was really hard for me to give up indulgent foods at first so keeping them i but restricting them was the easiest way for me to ease in to a healthier lifestyle .
i was hungry often but i powered through it and i would curb my appetite with tea and coffee they suppress hunger .
worrying about calories was a stepping stone for me to become interested in healthier eating .
eventually i decided i wanted to eat healthier and i felt that perhaps continuing weight loss would be easier this way if i fed my body good things .
however how much i was restricting my calories was not sustainable for life and i wanted to transition into something that i would be happier continuing indefinitely .
45 minutes of cardio every day and now i still try to stick to 1200 pretty natural since i had been doing it for so long but i 'm not so strict on myself anymore .
this has made me a lot happier now and i started losing more weight too .
once in a while i 'll take a day off 1200 and curb my cravings .
sometimes i plan my days off my exercising and keeping strict on 1200 all week so i can have enough deficit at the end of the week to take a day .
keep updating your diet until you reach your desirable lifestyle .
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
somebody pisses in a jar and people think it 's art .
even if she does n't mean it ... .its manipulative to use breaking up to get what she wants .
to clarify curious more about personal perception of threat how it felt/feels rather than hard comparison of the threat itself which is not difficult to research
i like your top 2 coasters it 's so weird i had n't read some of these introductions yet and i had guessed you were between 35 and 40 .
nice to have another 30 something guy in here .
i understand what you mean about bothering your korea friends .
thats why i 've maintained two regular exchange friends for over a year now and they help answer simple questions i have as well as just someone to talk to in korean .
if you have about 20 dollars to spend an hour a week i would recommend a teacher .
you can ask them more complex grammar questions or deeper why '' kind of questions that are n't fair to bring up during a language exchange .
also i 'm sure they can recommend resources for you since they teach alot of people .
i agree that if there is a god he 's not going to condemn anyone for getting themselves figured out even if it means missing church .
i think i 'm going to see about her getting released from her calling .
then she will be able to not go and not feel guilty .
my '07 civic is gold and i love my tint with it .
feels like a custom but costs a fraction of one .
got one a while ago for 115 on knife_swap 💦💦💦
unfortunately hospital stay has made her alzheimer 's worse but we 're home and she is on meds .
i finished a run i drafted last night today and then bought into this arena with gold about an hour ago .
why did i rewatch it so many times ! ? ! ?
people sell and use patent pending products all the time further it 's something that would be very difficult to prove without access to their servers that a competitor would n't have .
i 'm sorry to hear about reno she looked like a lovely pug !
and thank you i will add a couple of those pictures to my gallery and let you know when they are on there !
from my understanding it 's just credit to your account that you can use on their store .
however i think if you do n't use the credit by the time your subscription is over then you can email them to return the 10 to your account .
lol not into weed either but i have been meaning to go to acting classes .
that 's actually a great idea so thanks for the reminder !
however your submission has been removed for the following reason s
submission rule 5 op must provide context for the quote in the comments .
context should link to indications where his past statements do not align with his current actions .
this is easily resolved by adding context as a comment .
please notify the mods once you have done so .
submission rule 2 title must contain the date of the tweet statement or quote .
speak with the moderators via mod mail if you wish to appeal this decision .
otherwise please repost as long as you are able to do so and stay within the bounds of the sub 's rules .
when posting the date kindly remove the timestamp if you can .
but this is purely an aesthetic concern and will not impact the mods ' response to your post .
if you can edit your submission to make the necessary changes .
otherwise you can repost your submission as long as you think you can do so within the rules of the sub .
you may also contact the moderators to plead your case .
no but start looking at healthier shampoos and proper hair care .
for example proper shampoo is meant to be rubbed into the scalp and hair roots but conditioner is supposed to be applied to the hair itself only .
hair conditioner does n't do well with scalp something about clog hair follicles or some shit i ca n't remember .
basically time to start learning to really take care of your hair .
no-no to 2-in-1 shampoos that have conditioner included for example .
i 'm still crying i 'll say thank you when i 'm done sorry
he 's no good in the lower order with the field back .
he 's a good hitter but not a huge hitter so he tends to pick out fielders .
hopefully he will go out and play like he does in t20 's which is pretty attacking and going over the top .
latham has been the opposite his form slump he was crowded and could n't pierce the field in the early overs as he does n't go over the top as much .
with the field back and the ability to just come in and work it around for a while it should help him feel less pressure .
those dot balls really ate him up and forced him into errors .
i 've had the pain for years but every morning i 'm somehow shocked by the reality of how bad my pain is .
i assume they would start screaming bloody murder the moment we switched .
after a few months they 'd probably get used to it or die trying .
when and where is the body switching taking place ?
edit to be clear i did n't delete any comments here .
on rare occasions i have deleted a comment where i was factually wrong on something unimportant so as not to encourage a false impression .
i do not delete based on downvotes or unpopularity or due to most responses being too stupid to understand my point .
efficiency of voting outcome '' is a facet of one person one vote '' which is an established legal principle .
if an election is decided 80/20 then no votes matter .
it 's drawing a tenuous connection between the russian donations to the clinton foundation which have been public knowledge and were never hidden to a corruption ring involving russia and the american transportation industry .
it 's not clear on the surface how these things are related and the article does little to make the case that they are .
he 's seen all the goodies enough to know i 'm not a man 😂🤣 but you 're right .
i do n't understand can you explain clearly what the problem is ?
ok good that was n't the goal of segwit .
thanks for admitting the false advertising in this regard .
here 's a video in spanish demonstrating the whole process
do n't worry about any potential language barriers just follow his steps .
did n't the pd program replace a fourth work term report back in like 2011 or something ?
idk about you guys but i 'd much rather 1 hour of bullshit per week than 40 hours on another work report .
i generally hate open world games and i really loved both of the new tomb raider games .
they feel relatively linear to me maybe because i do n't give a shit about collecting every bit and bauble but in a good way .
you ca n't make a claim and then have the people you 're trying to convince look for a source for you .
the x-sports i 've been into in chicago have all had basketball courts swimming pools and climbing walls .
this video was really helpful in building my bot in minutes .
thanks to engati for providing other video tutorials on www.engati.com ? utm_source=backlinks
pc all unrolled think one is rolled twice ign sunnyboy5
never dealt with costumer service as i 've done everything online but i can not complain about their service if you live in a super rural area it might not be for you but i 've had 4g coverage pretty much everywhere in my home state of minnesota including rural parts did have issues when i drove to the west coast in some areas but overall cant complain but even my friends had their issues and they have verizon and having 10gb a month now is more than enough for me
okay man im going to give you an out say it with me now .
no means no if someone doesnt consent or cant consent then they have been raped ''
damn every time i hear music from this game i wan na jump right back in .
genuinely felt sad that it was over after i finished the main story .
gon na play through some more to get different choices
no i am secretly domhnall gleason 's girlfriend and baby mama.😂😂😄😄😅😅
it is so fucking rich seeing d'antoni complaining about a proper no call when he has benefited from at least a half dozen bad calls this game .
as far as i know the problem with stalker 2 is n't that they do n't want to make it .
for one thing even though gsc as a company managed to reform the original stalker team got scattered all around and now they work in all sorts of different companies on different projects .
and secondly even if they got the old team back together or decided that they can do without it a lot of the stuff they made for stalker 2 yes they did start working on it before they collapsed is outdated by now and will be even more so when they actually finish it which would take a few years since they have n't really gotten that much done .
they would have to completely rework a lot of the stuff that was already considered finished which might set back progress as much as a year .
in short i do n't think stalker 2 is a victim of hl3 syndrome put on infinite hiatus due to lack of interest from higher-ups it 's just a regular case of development hell .
it might end up being made though especially since gsc does apparently still care about the stalker series .
it 's just that bailing it out of dev hell will be a difficult task and they 're going to need some time .
i havent founda person of another race to be attractive enough for me to want to sleep with them .
you post this but i can guarantee you will never give a chance to any of these men to date you .
idk i 'm starting to warm up to diko and peggy a bit .
i did n't understand why shannon got so upset by diko talking to her well besides the fact that she 's an emotional mess this season .
maybe i 'm naive but from how i took it diko wanted to quickly pull shannon aside because he realised how upset peggy got when he told her that david was asking about the cancer shudder .
so basically doing some damage control by clarifying it with shannon first before peggy who was also emotional and upset and shannon would get into an unnecessary argument over a possible misunderstanding .
maybe coincidence but i also hated when nene said that to peter .
ye right as if a man is n't allowed to speak to a woman and defend his wife .
i ca n't really say about other places but even though i my country does n't have a strong currency the price here is 30 usd still so at least for us the price is n't standard .
in your second point again you are thinking about a first world country the unemployment rate in some countries is pretty high or in most not first world countries the wages are pretty low for example in my country theres some job that you work more than 12 hours a day and receive less the 400 usd to pay for everything and do n't think that other costs are lower since these people are paid less the living costs here can be very high for a non decent accommodation and cheap food .
i guess i 'm mostly interested in getting better frames right now
beacause machine vs flesh are always cool also scp-001 twisted gears will always have a special place in my heart
i know of a lot of guys i consider above average that can not get shit on tindr
does this means that she could mix people up solo ? it seem her roll in demon mode could be cancel with anything normal roll ca n't
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i do n't know but i personally would n't let an unlicensed person even look at my guns without my supervision .
40 minute run done i 'd forgotten how hot you get when running in direct sunlight on a warm day .
i do n't want to subscribe to your faith or follow the rules of your religion but your church is super pretty and it would make my wedding pictures look nice .
i shoot weddings for all faiths beliefs and orientations .
the first thing i do in any church/mosque/temple/whatever wedding is talk to the person performing the ceremony and ask what rules they would like me to adhere to .
it 's simple respect just like walking into a stranger 's home and removing or asking if you should remove your shoes .
personally i love catholic weddings because they last forever and i always get an opportunity to sit down and take a load off .
there 's so much to go off of in terms of sequels .
both take place shortly after the last chapter covering what happens to scotch tape and bj respectively .
but i really want something taking place during or after the epilogue .
the comments we get about a couple of wars and political conflicts not to mention a detective that boo mentions .
plus i figure someone would see their rocket returning .
it 's long and grindy and boring and comes up in the rotation about three times as often as any other goddamn map .
if ten fucking minutes of ot amuses you great but i 'd rather watch paint dry .
i mean i would be cool if i had a unique team comp but it 's literally just horses dancer .
that 's not unique it 's just a painful team that many people probably are sick of seeing and i do n't exactly have the patience to make a unique team comp rn so i prefer to put something fun like my 4 dancers that i actually put a lot of work into even though they 're never in combat l o l
yeah we should try to get a photo friday or after !
still trying to figure out my lunch plans lol .
dj khalid is a good dude he hid the injury from the cameras anyone hear him say get around him ?
the bucks will be millionaires sooner rather than later and without the might of the wwe machine behind them .
they obviously are not as big and never will be as wwe but they will go down as the most monetarily successful independent act of all time when they call it quits .
on top of that if they ever do make it to wwe it will be on their terms contractually speaking .
approximately how much energy did alphago consume during the match against lee sedol ?
would alphago still be able to beat lee sedol if its total energy consumption was limited to the amount consumed by lee sedol ?
would you agree that matching the energy efficiency of humans is another big challenge facing human-level ai ?
if so what do you do about it at deepmind ?
when you do n't allow yourself any free time because you think that any block of 1 hour not working weekend nights holidays any time will be the failure to complete a work related issue that gets you fired .
you know you are performing great work but your leadership downplays it ignores it or denies that it is any good .
conversely any ticky tack little error that you make is somehow spotted and coached to you as a development opportunity .
i can see it now i 'm not bad at this game they 've just spent more money than me ! ! ! ''
and they look exactly like the ones in every other style makeover app i have ever seen .
it 's different in that it takes the features you already have and shows you how to work with them .
rather than pushing you towards some sort of average that 's passable on most body types but not great on any of them .
the kibbe system uses a specific methodology to show you what looks best on your specific figure and facial structure .
this feels a lot like when pg broke his leg
purge 's patch analysis videos are worthless when people like d.bowie can do the same thing in 20 minutes and if i want a soothing voice there is actual asmr for that .
there should be more theming options especially if you shelled out for this app .
i could n't even figure out how to import themes lol
everybody on the roster can do more than they regularly do that doesnt mean that samoa joe roman and deano have the same matches as lince dorado ced alexander and neville .
also at work we use truenas and the same thing is happening .
nothing wrong with being gay but nigga u gay as fuk if u lookin at that ''
while that is true its also kinda thrilling to train yourself to ignore the dick .
imo if you can reasonably ignore the dick its not gay enough for me to consider it gay .
i 've got my ieagle parked a few systems over essentially for this very reason .
i met a cmdr who invited me for a series of friendly pvp sessions and although i have n't taken it up yet i will soon .
in the meantime all my other ships are parked at sol and most at mars high i found a sweet set of trade missions almost a mini-cg that has made me beau coup cr avg 8m per run since last week .
i came to sol to get my fed rank up so am allied across the board .
there have been some sweet delivery missions lately and an ieagle just ca n't haul enough stuff .
disconnecting for a few minutes doesnt make a difference .
however if u are switching to a new device you can get it set up and then turn off the old one .
i own the base game from the first ks .
and sometimes just 'okay ... ... ... that was encounter was just ... . not for us ! ' .
we play greenhorde mode yet we keep on loosing but i 'm sure this is why we love to go for the loot !
sometimes going for it pays off really well but most of the times it 's just fun to see what comes out .
even though we know deep down that stats are 'more ' important than items .
i 'm still playing today and i only have the 4 base characters .
i 'm dying to get the ghillie nuggets and tink but i have to admit these are expensive ...
they seem to me maybe because i 've not played with them stronger than the base characters .
the bot and pets ... could someone comment on that ?
she was really objective in her review i like her .
ulta sent it to me for free a few months ago so you 're probably right .
nothing to see here folks i did n't see the first shitpost but i realized once i saw the third one
pee-moe unless i 've been pronouncing it wrong this whole time ha .
my apologies i was looking at this the wrong way .
i was looking at the lands and not the cultures .
we do not call the people of stockholm norse nor do we call the people of london saxons .
i was looking at hannibal through a simple time lense when i should have seen the cultural lense .
this is the first game i 've watched this season that was n't filled with bullshit penalties .
did n't say the s word though and said so far so i think hopefully we 're safe
i really liked the interactions with his ihome girlfriend .
really emphasized the sense of scale and despair of la .
thought they took a bit too long to introduce deckard especially with how prominent he was in the marketing .
though the fight scene in the club was cool as fuck .
point 1 and point 2 are the points on the lines where they are closest to eachother with point1 being on segment1 and point2 being on segment2 .
to check if the lines cross you check to see if point 1 point 2 .
or do something like point 2 point 1 distance apart .
most talent is just a little bit of desire and a lot of hard work .
but as you point out a math heavy career field on the edge of attending university is a bad time for someone to realize that they have n't put in the work .
most schools will babysit students trough the first year requirements but that wo n't help in this case .
back to the op though take a couple of years and focus on math requirements as your exclusive hobby .
read godel escher bach https www.amazon.com/g c3 b6del-escher-bach-eternal-golden/dp/0465026567 until you understand it well .
and then decide if a math career is for you .
i do n't disagree that he could have presented his argument better but he 's not wrong .
an extremely well-coordinated group can clear harder difficulties with starter gear .
i do think over time they did address the loot issue in a number of ways .
you ca n't get a license in my state until you 're at least 16.5 .
just appreciate that your parents are willing to buy you a decent car because i did n't get the same opportunity .
as a high school student you only need a car for getting around .
you ca n't handle the speed of a fast vehicle and you should n't try to find out .
anyway if you want something fun buy a car with a manual transmission or go on road trips .
if you can deal with a 5 speed manual and lack of power steering you 'll get 51 mpg .
manual car honda civic if you want to slam the shifter subaru wrx if you want a better manual vehicle .
if you insist on crashing your first vehicle buy a g35 .
it makes the horsepower of a 2008 mustang gt has a nice interior and costs a mere 7,500 .
idk man.. he wants console to play with their pc friends .
i 'm so sorry boston no one wants to see that
i believe in the real definition of feminism which means making everyone equal and letting people have freedom of choice .
i do n't support singling out half of the population for a shitty trait shared by both genders .
at this price point resale value is n't a huge priority .
i 'll be at my first real money '' job .
priorities i need it to work and i need the drive to not wear me out .
no i 'm not punishing that car for this job .
i based taking thompson solely off his numbers like a rookie but i 've seen threads questioning his value
hey u/electi0neering your post was removed because it violates our subreddit rules .
feel free to post again with a title that is allowed under our guidelines .
i 'm still hoping it 's jaidynn or darienne i had asked the nancy drews about them when we started speculating and though we had darienne at a gig we know that they had people looking at reddit and attempting to throw us off .
though darienne 's gig was across the country i believe she may have been an early out that they allowed to leave to throw us off
this report will have 2 more years of current data to draw from .
or do you just base everything on stupid assumptions ?
you claiming that this report will be identical is so fucking dumb that your entire opinion on this is worthless .
you 're basing your entire argument on that moronic assumption .
i have no affiliation or love for any party .
i just think your particular criticism is completely flawed reasoning .
it sounds good on the surface but logically holds no weight .
you already mentioned the halloween themed ones.. for me any would do though
https www.serebii.net/duel/gymevents.shtml is probably the only thing right now and that 's gyms not banners .
you could probably scrape through the figure html to compile a list with a script ...
you seem mad and like you do n't understand how that analogy is tantamount to doctrine in the context of 'no-doctrine '
a few of their vids have millions of views ?
this looks like it may be part of the trending issue currently with real '' android devices such as the pixel and the nexus .
we are aware of this and working towards a resolution .
i 've attached your email onto a list of people to be emailed as soon as this is resolved .
so do you have a nexus or pixel phone ?
my curse words for suppression are loud and often .
whenever i 'm pretty sure i have someone suppressed under a hose of lmg fire they shoot me through it .
my favorite is when i have the most suppression assists in a round playing scout .
at most i put two to three shots at a target before i killed it or got killed so how the hell am i suppressing someone ?
no but bolivia is doing pretty well indeed under very similar conditions .
venezuela 's problems do n't derive from socialism but from recklessness just the way more right-wing governments screwed up in argentina and well earlier in bolivia .
any system can devolve into a full-blown dictatorship given the right mix of greed and ambition .
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that unserious content in this thread will be met with banhammers .
please report any comments that do not respect this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
the australians will have a field day with that solo is an australian soft drink notorious for using manly man doing super manly activities in their ads especially back in the 80s/90s .
one example warning may give you testosterone poisoning merely from watching the manliness https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=psaxbklh1ho
avoid astro turtle beach razer steelseries tritons pdp corsair and honestly any super gaming brands like that with gimmicky features .
he quite clearly explained that it will be less taboo to talk about .
people wo n't think you 're crazy for bringing it up .
the more aware the public are about the issue the higher chance of these sick fucks being held accountable .
i hope the cammer showed the video to the trucking company .
i think there 's a difference between sitting comfortably and what the guy on my train was doing .
everyone men and women alike should respect other people 's personal space .
well luckily you do n't dictate how i have to enjoy a game haha .
i never said i gave up i said i was n't fairing well .
i would tend towards kamara cause of the easier matchup
the australian television awards our poverty version of the emmy 's are called the logies in honour of john logie baird .
the highest award each year awarded to the best television personality be they an actor or presenter is the gold logie .
i have n't found too many people who really like the song but it 's my favorite .
if they draft well and mlxg keeps having a good tournament they have a legit chance .
issue is mlxg almost always is an issue somewhat .
drafting can be fixed having mlxg do well every single game seems to be a tough ask .
luckily first series is vs fnc which should be a win regardless .
monolith must make a star wars games with the nemesis system implemented .
no we 're talking about priority instead of frames .
priority determine which melee go in when there 's a melee clash .
usually 8b front melee has the highest priority followed by cc8b dash melee 5b neutral melee then 4/6b side melee .
also i said it earlier that it has no correlation whether the suit is fighter shooting or various whatever .
i have found it odd that they went for david having schizophrenia and then being repeatedly told he does n't have schizophrenia only to presumably if they want to follow the comics somewhat have him develop some sort of dissociative identity disorder .
especially because dissociative identity disorder is incorrectly called schizophrenia all the time .
i 've never read the comics but are the different identities part of his power ?
or is it more like legitimate dissociative identity disorder where the only way his mind could cope with all the different powers was creating other personalities ?
also semi-related but i really hope non-sk lenny sticks around in davids head .
i liked how bonkers she was and their friendship n ep1 .
well said brother enjoy the good rather than focus on the bad
you need to choose reset at the main ovmf menu not continue .
the resolution does n't take effect until the next boot .
i 'd just download the clover image from my site again which will ensure that the config.plist file in it is correct .
hes calling him a kid because he acted like a kid through the trade request process and interviews after imo.. the way he went about the whole thing..
the you need to do a boolean subtraction of the inner rectangle from the outer rectangle .
brødrene finn og holger kan nu også give problemer omend nok ikke helt i samme omfang .
when i was very young i was at my sister 's birthday pool party and sat down on a bench .
it stuck in there and i had to have my mom remove the splinter from my ass while everyone else was having fun in the pool .
i 'd go to a reality where i was the sexiest and richest man in the world money is no object and every woman wants to have sex with me .
to me it 's still incredible how one exchange polo can charge 0,001 btc and another one like bittrex can charge 10 times more .
this is crazy.what would be the underlying reason for that ?
do they have such great functionalities and diverse range of coins to justify the premium fee ?
i think they 're just charging because they can .
its the whites who have paved the way for modern world .
i found it funny how they both rolled out of the ring the same way after the match lol
is it me or those are some ghetto ass crowns ?
why do n't have you have to pay for fees ?
i had that problem too when i was on holiday no internet and wanted to play the game .
it is essentially a guilty plea where you accept that the prosecution has enough evidence to convict you but you maintain your innocence .
if you do n't care for quality and want some dirt cheap ones .
you play the mission until you get her to 80 luck knowing each character is 1 luck when 4 stars she can go up to 60 luck so awaken her to get to 80
and get at least 2 of her although the second one just need her max abilities so 3 sakura needed
i usually feed a level 1 sakura with dupes and pills then redo the operation with another level 1 until she is maxed luck/pill then i level up the maxed luck/pill one
never been into this sort of thing before but this is hot as hell .
it is a mix of a few things on the menu like roasted pork fasong some kind of sausage and chicken .
please post streams and stream requests in response to this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cricket if you have any questions or concerns .
just did an interview with home depot they passed however .
feeling a bit down on myself however i did n't really walk away from the interview impressed .
all recruiters have been getting me in at around 70k-75k no offers yet .
interviewed with roughly 20 places of the 100 i 've applied for .
i doubt you have either unless you were tipping your fedora and trying to flirt at the time .
you can twist it to lock the fire button but apparently it 's a pain and does n't work very well .
i really would n't call them slow though and most of the time you do n't get a blaster so i think the chances of soloing one are still very slim and as such your team has to manage without your firepower anyway .
but i 'll definitely use that blaster trick next time thanks !
i mean during spin the bottle ren was ready for jaune .
siksi en sanonut että ei pitäisi olla otsikoissa vaan että uutisoinnin sävy irvottaa jos sen pointti on myydä pelolla ja makustella raiskausta eikä uutisoida .
viittaan nyt lähinnä keltaisen lehdistön aliarvoiseen raportointitapaan olisi ehkä voinut tähdentää .
suomessa voi pitää aika kohtuuttomana että naisten pitäisi välttää juopumista .
toki kaikkien pitäisi välttää juomista siihen pisteeseen että ei tiedä kuka ja missä on mutta ainakin mielestäni miehiä syyllistetään ja haukutaan paljon vähemmän kännissä tapahtuneista onnettomuuksista tai turpaansaamisista kuin humaltuneita naisia raiskatuksi tulemisesta '' .
korkeintaan sellaista lempeätä torumista on tullut nähtyä eikä kyllä koskaan jos uhrille on oikeasti käynyt pahasti .
ja joskus ongelma ei ole edes se juopuminen ehkä piti ottaa vain se yksi mutta sen yhden jälkeen olikin taju kankaalla kun silmä vältti ja juomaan sujahti jotain ekstraa .
mielestäni molempia sukupuolia pitäisi opettaa pitämään silmällä ympäristöään katsokaa toistenne ja tuntematomien perään ja sanokaa jos joku käyttäytyy rikollisesti tai ahdistelee .
olen itse soittanut taksia ihan ympärikännissä olleille vähäpukeisille naisille ja herätellyt pakkasessa nuokkuneita miehiä .
viimeksi yöbussissa neuvoin yhden neidin ja toisen herran oikeisiin osoitteisiin kun kännissä nousivat väriin busseihin .
hiljaakin olisin voinut istua ei kukaan erikseen pyytänyt auttamaan .
sen sijaan että sanotaan älä tee x y z koska on oma vika jos jotain käy '' pitäisi opettaa muita tunnistamaan kun toisella on hätä tai puuttumaan jos joku käyttäytyy ahdistelevasti .
he 's staring my soul with an eye of a demon .
i like the idea of someone asking the questions and getting those jeopardy ! style answers .
and you respond barolo is a robust red wine from the piedmont region of this country . ''
narrow in that i do n't think government should own our bodies ?
there is about 10 people with the same name and picture .
i think the colors should 've been more pink'ish like this looks too much like foxfire
here 's a link to the book i referenced https www.amazon.co.uk/joyous-cosmology-adventures-chemistry-consciousness/dp/1608682048
thank you so much i ll definetely watch it today when i have time .
killing hector with desperation active is easy but sometimes i need to do it without desperation active and on rare occasions i run gtomebreaker .
anyways point is sometimes i need to take the retaliation hit .
if you use fury on a spd def nino which you say is best she has 33hp and 19def for 52 melee soak .
hector has 36 atk neutral and 16 from armads for 52 attack .
so if he has an attack buff atk atk seal or merges you ca n't tank him with def .
i 'm on the last module but i can be your study partner if you wish ...
personnal prediction blood is gon na drip from my ears with my mind literally blowing every week
amen to that i 'm 22 as well but i feel like i ca n't connect with people 2-3 years younger than me anymore .
heck i ca n't even connect with my 11 year old sister with all these changes
it would be funny if philadelphia was called philadelphia cheese '' as cheesing '' is a thing in gaming as well as a reference to something philly is known for philly cheesesteak .
also philadelphia could be called philadelphia bell '' philadelphia liberty '' or philadelphia independence '' .
kui sa usud et sa pensionieani elus püsid siis on mõtet küll .
lisaks veel on tegemist põhimõtselt ainsa kommertspangaga eestis mille kasum jääb eestisse .
swed seb ja ülejäänud pumpavad kõik kasumi kuhugi skandinaaviasse ja eesti sisemajandus võib tolle raha edasise keerlemise kasudest suu puhtaks pühkida .
it 's the torches when there are n't any torches in your field of view the frame rate rockets back up
sometimes i will wake up in the morning on an empty stomach and take a teaspoon of red bali before i get on the bus .
by the time i get to school i feel very relaxed but focused and i 'll eat food then .
i just give it that half hour on an empty stomach so the food wo n't inhibit absorption .
tonight i took one teaspoon of the exact same red bali after i 've been eating all day and i feel like i ate 5 tablespoons .
slightly nauseous i can hardly feel my legs im wobbly when i stand up
i 've recently started a new build of requiem and realised that somehow i would have too many perk points to spend .
base requiem would have left me with nothing else to spend perks on after about level 24 so i figured that requiem destiny https www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/77532 ?
i 've managed to remove to remove all references that the mod makes to anything not perk related in tes5edit hopefully because for whatever reason destiny is n't modular and now i 'm onto trying to tweak the mod for an enjoyable play through .
all of the mods that add a chance to do x i 'm trying to break down into a constant average so that randomness is avoided i.e .
50 chance to do double damage becomes a constant 1.5x damage boost or what have you .
the issue arises in the perks that already follow a decent formula but are simply too strong .
i 've never done a melee focused build before sneak archery pervades even requiem so my understanding of what is and is n't overly powerful is a bit warped .
is there anyone with experience with requiem destiny that has an ideas on which perks in particular are over powered or even which ones are under powered ?
i like the extra build options that destiny provides for builds that are perhaps a little more one note such as mine but the balance and tweaks that are forced with it make me think people would want to avoid it .
can a unit with fly charge through '' opposing units to assault units behind them ?
p177 of the rules says units with fly can move through other units as if they are not there but p182 says that when you make a charge move you can not move within 1 '' of enemy units that you did n't declare a charge against .
so does moving a unit with fly through '' one opposing unit in order to charge another bring them within 1 '' ?
or do you just ignore that because of fly ?
hi all i 'm a player who has a bit of experience with pathfinder who is looking for a new group to join on fridays to play over roll20 !
my only real stipulation would be that is need to be done by 8pm cdt but other than that ...
i know that my internet is n't the best .
it is n't perfect but it 's gets the job well done .
unfortunately as of this writing ... its peak is 100kbps .
i have read somewhere that there was a bill signed relating to internet connectivity i do n't know if that affects anything but it 's really kinda annoying as i play a lot of video games and i 'm really pissed off that this is happening .
i 'm using data right now so at least i have a way to connect to the internet .
is anyone else preferrably globe users having the same problem ?
i cant get java to work in waterfox when i verify the installation i see this https www.java.com/en/download/installed.jsp
we have detected you are using the 64-bit version of firefox which will not run the java plugin .
use the java control panel to find the installed java version .
i have the latest x86 and x86_64 versions of java installed
water fox says one of its features is to allow running of all 64-bit npapi plugins
this is a fan creation but it has a production value equal to the original series of star trek .
the mannerisms of the actors the wardrobe/makeup the sets even the ship itself is done very well .
i would just have the predator and the wraith skills .
one of my favourite skills is the one where you can trap caragor cages and graug cages etc .
expected as team who will take the crown from skt .
first time poster and also first time long-distance traveller .
i 've been wanting to fly out to visit a friend i 've been interested in meeting face to face in knoxville .
i 'd be flying out from birmingham england but anywhere in the uk works if it costs less or is easier to fly there .
i 've set myself 10 months to save up and so far i 've gathered a return flight would be close to £2000 .
i would be staying a week sometime between july 2018 and october 2018 depending on costs and saving speed although no confirmation yet of hotel booking or staying at my friend 's place they are going through a rough patch so a hotel may be more secure but i 'll know closer to 3-4 months from now when i hope to book/will have the £2000 saved .
as my local travel agents do not do packages to knoxville but do to nashville and memphis i 'm struggling on what would be the best options for me as i would prefer direct flights or the shortest possible flights to/from knoxville .
what would i need in terms of budget over £2000 as a recommendation ?
for example for food souvenirs accommodation emergency funds etc .
as this is my first time flying any advice is greatly appreciated and i 'm making sure i have ample time to plan save and go .
if there are website recommendations that would be helpful too .
im looking for a otp generator for windows 10 mobile .
i tried microsoft authenticator but when i try to introduce my 16 secret key it says it is invalid .
just purchased the x34 upgrading from a qnix 1440p that i had for 5 years that recently died fried pcb .
i ordered it to be shipped overseas i 'm outside of the us .
basically is there anything that i need that does n't come in the box with it ?
so they have cobalt datastream pink ion and others that look pretty much exactly the same .
but this sexy purple standard boost that is wayyyy darker than the free one and a clear difference ?
got these two case hardened items up for grabs .
pattern id 166 metjm https s.metjm.net/qbgg2vn.jpg csgro1 http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_8301.png csgro2 http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_8030.png 0.3679835786356201 b/o 60k or vanilla bfk
ak-47 ch mw blue mag with blue butt and blaze barrel pattern id 720 metjm https s.metjm.net/fmlggdu.jpg csgro album https imgur.com/a/gprw4 0.08261620998382568 b/o 17k or awp asiimov ft 2k
black grinder mw full color rainbow and low mw float and nametag grind on her '' pattern id 88 metjm https s.metjm.net/n6cicwd.jpg 0.07076653838157654 5k
black grinder mw orange/red and dim grey at front with neo cologne 2015 sticker pattern id 737 metjm https s.metjm.net/gwaikly.jpg 0.11605814099311829 2k
the background that pops up before you select mission start
with the recent release of poe and just yesterday the release of all the dia de los muertos skins ive gotten my flare back and the grind is back in full force ever since but i started noticing something that actualy got me to research since it was bothering me quite a bit .
i noticed that there were a lot of people running around with very low ranks and using the exact same gear ... by this time you know what im talking about.frost prime soma prime and scindo prime seems to be the new 'noob ' setup now adays thanks to twich prime .
and lets get this out of the way first im not complaning its kinda interesting that even though ive been playing for years new players still get attracted to this game and it also seems a little ... over the top to give them what was a few years back and still preety mutch is the highest dps laser beam in the game .
the thing that bothers me is the frost prime ... .. ive been getting upset a lot over people either spamming the snow globe making it a pain to complete the mission or the complete lack of snow globe on defense missions .
but then again im happy with it and it seems like something that will get a lot of people in might get it myself since i still dont own a soma prime and overall more people to share the pain and suffering with .
and what im curious is does this upset any of you do you think the rewards are just way too good considering 80 of the people that get it cancel the service right after ?
and if you are new around warframe and just starded and used this service how are you enjoying warframe ?
i just started a new nanny position with an infant and a three year old and honestly i am at loss with what we can do all day .
my last three positions were either with older special needs children or with just one baby that i could bring on my daily activities .
i did foster three children a few years ago one baby a two year old and a four year old but because they were my ‘own ' i had a busy schedule .
my nf did n't give me any specifics except for ‘just have fun ' and i do n't have to work on educational goals with 3f as i live in a country where kids do n't start real school until 6 .
is it just me or the new dust2 hurting everyoneʻs eyes .
it is very hard to concentrate on d2 now .
and i am using niko crosshair the blue one from crosshair generator .
almost 80 of the map crosshair is not visible or very harder to see .
even with i7 4790k 970 fps dropping like shit in lot of places in beta i got 450 now getting around 180-250 all over the map i think the 100 vibrance wonʻt work on d2 anymore i guess .
i am a junior and i got cut due to gpa .
i was not the only junior and the sisters did n't mind upperclassmen rushing .
they liked me and wanted to bid me but i got cut due to gpa .
how can i make a better impression the next time other than improving my grades ?
there is a sorority i want to join not the same one that cut me this quarter who aims primarily for freshman or sophomores and i fear that rushing as a non transfer junior will hinder me .
additionally if i rush as a senior i will be busy with other stuff like trying to graduate .
say you 've measured the frequency response of a speaker n number of times and you want to know the average and the standard deviation of the spl at the different frequencies what formulae would you use ?
converting to pascal first and assuming a normal distribution seems.. wrong..
so i was wondering if rlain could even become a squire as well ?
he 's a listener so i 'm not so sure that he could .
but the reddit boards seem pretty split on if there was a chance later on about nahel bonds and listeners .
i think it would be really cool if he could be a squire but it seems unlikely .
dont get me wrong i liked pre-patch better than post-patch but im trying to play devils advocate and see things from a different perspective .
you have the ability to controll 10 different players on your team one at a time the ai controlls 10 players when you are controlling just one .
we all depend on the ai to some extent defending attacking all the time .
if the manual defending '' raised the skill gap wouldnt ai defending raise the gap even more since its harder to beat ?
i understand that ai defending gives less experienced players an edge they should or shouldnt have but if you truly are better than your opponent shouldnt you won anyway ?
go easy on me guys remember what i stated in the beginning .
i 'm not sure why my title cap locks the first letter of every word ...
my favorit deck in edh is this sidisi deck i love the self milling as it is somewhat of an unique play style witch also allows me to draw '' lots of cards .
it has a couple of combos but the main one revolves around necrotic ooze .
otherwise building a large army of zombies and finishing of my opponents with craterhoof behemoth .
as additional win cons i have laboratory maniac and undead alchemist .
i 'd be happy to hear suggestions on how to make the deck better and more resilient and perhaps have more interaction .
i know there 's already been a lot of speculation about the new expansion but i just thought i 'd point out something that i have n't seen anyone else mention .
i noticed while watching the hct summer playoffs that the money bag in the graphic for the next expansion https bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net/cms/gallery/1o/1ow9bs1st7g31487235316241.jpg is the exact same image as the money bag being held by a virmen in a getaway car in the mean streets cinematic https tastethemana.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/5-5.png ? w=700 .
for what it 's worth i never played wow so i do n't know any of the lore and i personally agree with the other speculation that booty bay or some mining/digging related theme are likely possibilities based on other clues .
the most likely explanation is probably just that blizzard are reusing visual assets to save time and money but i have n't seen this link mentioned anywhere else so i thought i 'd post it and let people make their own deductions .
i was wondering if anyone has taken these classes and have anything to say about them .
but i 've consistently struggled with headstand for ways too long like on and off for 3 months now .
i 'm not so great with balance in general .
i was able to hold my headstand for 20 seconds yesterday which was amazing .
but today i held my head stand for well over a minute today .
i do n't have anyone else who 's into this so i 'm pretty stoked and needed somewhere to gloat for a minute .
like the title says i am considering getting one of those and wondering what you guys think .
i 've got a pair of headphones that have a usb-c connector on them because my phone currently broken has a usb-c port but because i can not use the phone currently i would like to find an adapter as the question states .
i 've been searching and searching and have n't been able to find anything that would work for my purposes .
if anyone has any idea where i can find this adapter or some solution that might work that would be fantastic and a huge help .
also this would allow me to have a nice convenient pair of ear buds with me instead of having to go and buy yet another pair of earbuds .
these were originally purchased because they have active noise cancellation and worked well with my phone .
thanks in advance to any help anyone might be able to provide .
description princess of isaach master of the sword and descendant of the crusader od .
if unit 's spd foe 's spd ≥ 1 gain special cooldown charge 1 per attack .
if similar skill also used only highest value applied .
special regnal astra boosts damage dealt by 40 of unit 's spd .
confession s before i came here i fought alongside my comrades in a great battle .
and even if i could go back in time ...
what 's really important is how you live your life .
being here with you ... i ca n't complain .
keeping that in mind reminds me how precious our time together really is . ''
got some of these in an auction.do n't need all of them
that 's their narrative and they 're sticking to it .
i 've been trying to stay motivated on this but the armour is weak and has nothing to make it useful no new weapons and the exotic quest ends with an ornament .
for the first time ever i can say i wo n't bother with this content past the first clear .
most of my clan has quit and we played d1 like madmen .
we could only barely scrape 6 last night for the prestige and i am certain we wo n't have them next week .
we are going to need something more than 'we are looking into it ' and we are going to need it soon .
baseball players boxers and the like seem to be able to see things like baseballs and fists coming at them better than non-athletes .
do their brains work differently or is it some combination of other things ?
kind of excited first ever giveaway type thing i actually threw money into .
looking forward to that hoodie on the real tho.. goodluck all yall .
i 'm trying to backup a macbook pro to my airport extreme which has a 3tb hard drive .
this is the error message i am receiving the backup disk needs 3.16 tb for the backup but only 1.46 tb are available .
select a larger backup disk or make the backup smaller by excluding files .
why does time machine need 3.16tb to make a 113.33 gb backup ?
do i need to get another hard drive or can i exclude files until i works ?
i 'm thinking of taking his section of linear algebra .
i heard his exams have a potential of up to 110 but there was a lot of homework .
would someone be able to enlighten me on how mr. kuhns was ?
my stats sub/m/34yrs/5'10 '' caucasian/blonde/160-165lbs fit but not toned ...
i ca n't provide much proof for me being real including via skype/ghangout because i 'm not ready to allow my face to be seen just yet .
also you can pm me here or there anytime .
please do n't be afraid to just make me an offer .
hey all as the title states i 'm still sort of a noob at this whole vaping thing .
when i first started the store i go to had a sale on the kanger nebox horrible leakage problems btw .
unfortunately i fried that thing by accident after the warranty was up .
so i went to my shop not too long ago and purchased a kanger tech evod twist 1000 mah and an aspire k1 glassimizer .
i tend to use the pre made coils because of my lack of knowledge even though i 've built a few coils when i still had my nebox .
lately though after i take a few puffs off my pen i get this really bad taste .
so i 'll leave it alone for a bit and after a short amount of time everything is back to normal .
so my question being is my coil burnt out and that 's why i 'm getting the bad taste ?
is the juice i 'm using too hard on my coil ?
i 'm currently using a 3 mg u-turn peppermint .
i 'm hoping it 's just the coil on its way out at least with that i can go get a new one tomorrow or friday .
anyways thanks for any advice and help anyone can offer me .
i 'm all for learning all the tips and tricks of vaping so do n't shy on the details !
my sex drive is in overdrive my tits are slowly growing .
my clitty wo n't get hard anymore as easy .
anal is the only that that does n't it for me .
any one have any advice i feel like i 'm losing my mind .
i would do anything to to just cum my brains out .
my mistress has a selection of toys for me to use but i need to cum so badly .
it 's making me crazy and willing to do anything even the sickest ideas you can come up with .
even better if you have images to show me .
could awakening of a devil fruit happen by mastery of observation haki ?
when zoro first learns to cut steel he says he hears the rythym of things which may or may not be some form of observation haki .
what if by being able to observe the exact frequency or rythym of the ground or stone a devil fruit eater can put their will into that rythym and turn it into their fruit .
this could also happen with the air so that they can create their power out of mid-air .
this would explain why only high-power people can do this and it would give observation haki an offensive use .
i 'm being down voted on r/news and though i 'd share this comment for those who would appreciate it .
i know that the topic comes up a lot and after my recent experience getting my dog certified as a canine good citizen to try to expedite the process of my university approving him as an accommodation i thought this perspective might be helpful .
getting my dog the community canine title costed me about 200 .
also the issue with businesses being allowed to grill service dog handlers is that it 's toeing the line of harassment .
i have absolutely been harassed by gate keepers who only asked the two questions .
removing that protection would hinder many people 's quality of life .
edit i guess i should add that the community canine is the most basic you 're dog behaves in public on these one or two instances it was tested '' test there is .
if you want to get any other title with the akc you have to pay 30 to the club possibly some money to the akc and find transportation to take you maybe hundred miles away for an all day event that 's held once a month .
you then have to pass the level novice open advanced three times before you can get the title .
and this all has to be done within one year .
it 's a huge challenge and would easily add 1,000 to the yearly cost of owning and maintaining a service dog .
i do n't think a test any less than the ack obedience but designed for service dogs would be enough .
and the cost to host these trails would be spread out among fewer dog handler 's so the price would go up since you still have to pay the judges find volunteers get permits to hold the event so on .
and the distance of a hundred miles is based on living on the east cost .
if you live in bumble fuck then you have no other option but to fly .
then add the fact that maybe disabled people can not travel and ... yeah .
business need to protect their rights and the rights of the customer by removing fake service dogs and pressing charges in states where it is illegal to fake .
i am especially interested in the section that allows you to target strengths/limiters .
i think that trainerroad would be wise to be able to add in functionality like that .
such as the ability to do a road-based plan but target cadence/5 min power etc as a focal point .
i know tr has been working on integrating outdoor rides into your training plan tss for a while now but i have n't seen any progress on it .
the ability to insert them in place of indoor workouts and trigger some resultant changes would be a nice improvement as well .
and again as is probably obvious by now – only xert to my knowledge is doing any sort of live/reactive shifting of structured workouts automatically based on the test data beyond just the ftp value .
hence the main value of 4dp here for folks without a coach .
well no it was n't but while watching the episode there were many hints in my opinion that it might 've been .
it begins with jake finding a dream case '' for him and rosa to work on while awaiting the decision of whether the 99 will be shut down .
they go to the set and when entering jake says welcome to the dream factory '' .
rosa tells him to calm down because she knows he has a fantasy about being a movie star but jake claims he fantasizes about meeting a movie star .
later on when examining the crime scene devereaux picks up the laptop case and jake tells him in real life when we handle evidence we got ta wear gloves '' .
jake is excited but rosa calls bullshit that job offer was n't real .
i know hollywood and i know what 's real . ''
he storms off opens a fake door and yells do n't ruin my dreams '' .
the investigation continues and rosa suspects lurmax is the culprit .
jake is dismissive but she insists jake wake up . ''
eventually rosa uncovers some camera footage and confronts jake while you were off in fantasy land i solved the case '' .
so between all the references to being in a dream the dream job offer and the fact that the 99 might be shut down i thought it would turn out everything was a dream jake was having to escape the fact that the 99 was indeed getting shut down .
all i can tell is that after the jun 27th launch it snuck into the 20th slot in its first full month https www.gamespot.com/articles/top-20-best-selling-ps4-games-on-psn-for-july-2017/1100-6452244 then dropped out of the top 20 for august https www.gamespot.com/articles/top-20-best-selling-ps4-games-on-psn-for-august-20/1100-6453226 .
possibly not as ballistic as they 'd like although not exactly bombing either .
would be cool to know where it 's at now and how it 's done over time .
i got set to wondering by a mate who nabbed it on ps4 having been on pc .
he 's finding open pretty empty in comparison and noticed that only 16 of players have the trophy for scooping 1000 tons of fuel that he got .
mind you he at least had the advantage of knowing about fuel scoops from the off
midone does not have pro dota brain just like theo walcott in football .
this season there is no mp to become the scapegoat .
he is thinking that he can get ti with puppey .
i 've mostly played against cpu most i 've got in ranked is wc because i find more enjoyment doing cpu/conquest/team epic missions .
tried loads of battle royale but ca n't get more than 5 wins .
any tips to get up to 9 or 12 wins ?
i 've been playing w the clan ship as the semi idle play style suits me .
i 've studied people 's build posts and i feel there 's two things i feel people are glossing over .
if you look at skills spreadsheets and see how skills improve over skill lv tier 1-3 skills in warlord generally give you a 1.4-1.5x boost along w another minor perk .
mc is an always-on buff hm while we is up aa boosts clan ship and clan mate co boosts hero damage and hence clanship and clanmate as well as long as buff is active .
because clan ship and clan mate damage is our primary damage source in general creating the most even skill spread possible will get you the highest damage multiplier .
i did n't see a lot mentioned about this skill and i was hesitant from the skill description sounds like you complete a qte sequence for 1.3x which would be worse than the above skills .
well turns out i was completely wrong this is a 1.3x multiplier applied per qte ball of which there 's max 5 in a sequence .
this means in reality it 's a 3.7x buff !
1.5^5 is n't as good of a deal and then at slv3 1.9^5 turns out to be roughly 24.7x .
all in all depending on your current required skill pt per skill level the return on investment on astral awakening is insane .
to fully utilize buffs you have to time aa with co and possibly fairies but it 's not a terribly difficult skill combo when you 're pushing .
per 90sec warcry it 's definitely possible to have two 25sec durations where we 're at maximum dps .
if we want to get really crazy we could add anchoring shot into the mix here which also provide insane skillpt to damage multiplier conversion however the timing starts to get pretty darn specific ...
hi guys we 've started a mental health chatroom on discord for people 18 .
to join visit our site the haven support http thehavensupport.com .
we believe we are stronger together which is why peer support is so helpful and important .
care when you need it care for others when you can .
that sub is a joke and its moderators are even worse .
i just do n't get it i saw some people who 's at level 54 or 56 and as for example they make almost 100 million silver coins a day .
i just do n't get what kind of method are they using ?
i 'm level 57 dk my gear does n't costs so much around 180 mills .
is there any way i can get around 100 million silver coins per day ?
my playtime is 6h daily and about 12h at weekends .
btw i played savage rifts and tried to farm at pirates but i was too weak for pirates and was making around 40 mils in 6 hours at savage rift so what i 'm asking for is to tell me a more effective way to farm/grind money .
i picked up a tub of razorock for chicago soap last week .
i ca n't find the matching splash anywhere so i 'm looking for something to go with it .
i 'd like a scent where rose is the primary note .
i have cl 's rose santal and yrp which are great but i 'd like something more straightforward rose .
i have an old bottle of harris pink which is the right idea but the scent is weak .
i consider my best works to be background works and animations under 24x24 px i can show on request more background works i have done .
see my portfolio here www.grigoreen.tumblr.com contact me via grigoreen gmail.com thanks !
i have two power supplies a 430w thermaltake and a 500w evga both 80 bronze .
i also have a 2tb wd purple surveillance hard drive brand new .
also have a usb 2.0 wi-fi 2.4ghz adapter for 5 .
1 but god remembered noah and all the beasts and all the livestock that were with him in the ark .
and god made a wind blow over the earth and the waters subsided .
2 the fountains of the deep and the windows of the heavens were closed the rain from the heavens was restrained 3 and the waters receded from the earth continually .
at the end of 150 days the waters had abated 4 and in the seventh month on the seventeenth day of the month the ark came to rest on the mountains of ararat .
5 and the waters continued to abate until the tenth month in the tenth month on the first day of the month the tops of the mountains were seen .
6 at the end of forty days noah opened the window of the ark that he had made 7 and sent forth a raven .
it went to and fro until the waters were dried up from the earth .
8 then he sent forth a dove from him to see if the waters had subsided from the face of the ground .
9 but the dove found no place to set her foot and she returned to him to the ark for the waters were still on the face of the whole earth .
so he put out his hand and took her and brought her into the ark with him .
10 he waited another seven days and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark .
11 and the dove came back to him in the evening and behold in her mouth was a freshly plucked olive leaf .
so noah knew that the waters had subsided from the earth .
12 then he waited another seven days and sent forth the dove and she did not return to him anymore .
god remembered what does it mean for god to remember '' ?
at what point in the narrative does god remember ?
and god made a wind blow over the earth wind '' is the same word as spirit '' .
when did the spirit of god blow over the earth before ?
what happens after this wind/spirit blows over the earth ?
how is the receding of the flood reminiscent of genesis 1 ?
is there any significance to noah choosing a raven and a dove ?
i 'm looking forward to making a skin that glows .
how do i make the texture itself glowing not affected from shadows etc .
so i 've been playing in psvr for a few weeks now and had some amazing experiences .
what i 'm missing is the shared vr space with other real players .
so far in werewolves within and starblood arena i found no games at all through matchmaking .
i also have rigs but have n't got too comfortable with the controls yet .
could we create a place where we can arrange game lobbies and live chat ?
or maybe if you 're interested in going online we could all add each other on psn ?
as i have n't found any vr servers yet i have n't met anyone to game with so thought i 'd try here if you 'd rather not share your psn here pm me
but now i keep trying to upload a video of fortnite and it says at the top right can not upload '' i tried deleting my upload notifications and it has n't worked .
i have an approaching court date for an accident i was in .
i rear ended the vehicle in front of me and was charged with failure to reduce speed '' statute 20-141 m .
is there any benefit to me going to court for it ?
would going to court help me reduce the fine or anything ?
it is my first offense my insurance has paid for the claim and no one was injured .
if anyone has any advice i would appreciate it .
how often is too much ? also how bad is it for the brain ?
i heard that it is n't that bad/neurotoxic but recently i read an article which basically stated with a study that cocaine triggers a process where cells basically eat eat other ...
sry not sure though what the scientific name for that is .
also if i go hard '' one day a week with like 300mg max and maybe one day during the week where i do one line/2 for cleaning how bad is that ?
is it basically like if you do one line the damage '' to dopamine system/whatever is done and it is like 70 as bad as going hard '' as in doing multiple lines or is there almost no damage/effect on dopamine recovery/tolerance and you can get away with doing that ?
wow bro so technical you go right down right . ''
come on that 's a fucking dumbed down parry .
i 'm m3ndi3 from the metal slack and designer of new reddit theme !
since joining the community i was inspired to create an ecommerce shop where i can get paid in metal .
after a week of hard work i 'm happy to share with you kawaii crypto https kawaiicrypto.com .
kawaii crypto stickers are adorable characters i designed to represent your favorite coins .
each sticker is printed on 2 '' x 2.5 '' of high quality weather/water resistant vinyl .
you can use it indoors or outdoors and they make great gifts for friends family or yourself .
since the metal pay merchant app is not available i 've created a workaround solution where i calculate the amount of metal and you send the exact amount to my address/qr code .
once i receive the metal i will ship your stickers .
and of course 50 off when you pay with metal d
i also created a metal polar bear for the community and i hope you like him !
my buddies and i play a lot of siege and very regularly we 'll do a stupid recruit rangers rush '' for fun .
i was thinking it 'd be fun to get a shirt made of the five recruit rangers doing a dumb sentai pose maybe with their m870 shotguns on the ground or something .
i 've seen it done once before but that one would n't make a good shirt design .
i was terribly heavy and it hurt so much to walk that i often simply did n't .
in january i was postpartum weak barely able to walk terribly overweight at around 245 pounds .
in april i went to a meeting with coworkers .
i was so heavy and weak that walking a few blocks to get lunch exhausted me for the rest of the day .
walking through the airport took hours and i spent the entire next day in bed recovering from the physical exertion .
i was heavier than ever but i had been exercising at home every day and could now walk up and down a flight of stairs .
oh man was i out of breath but i could do it .
my house was a disaster there 's a long way to go between walking up a flight of stairs and being able to declutter a room .
but i ran into a friend who was a martial artist and i was inspired to take up a class i 'd always wanted to .
the local krav maga gymn 's website said we do n't care what shape you 're in come in today ! ''
and i thought hey i 'm done waiting for this .
i can climb stairs good enough i 'll take them at their word .
i 'd drop out halfway through and watch the rest from the sidelines .
i 'd get so sore i had to take a week off to recover .
and i had so much fun i was profoundly motivated to lose weight and gain fitness so i could keep doing it .
in september the instructor challenged me to figure out a diet plan for myself .
i 'd been down that road and i thought this time i 'm going to do all of the research and figure out what really works . ''
i found taubes ' work and thought even more real science !
this is what i 've been looking for ! ''
i zeroed in on the keto community as the most practical application of what seemed to me the best science out there .
at 267 pounds a month of krav had seen me gain fitness and energy i could survive a class sometimes and had cleaned several rooms in my house !
the first few days i accidentally ate under 1000 calories .
and every week the scale seemed to drop a couple pounds .
it 's been two months more or less on the new diet .
two and a half months of martial arts two months of keto .
it said 250 a few days ago but this morning it says 253 .
now i started at 260 almost three months ago and that does n't seem like a lot of progress for the amount of work .
on the other hand i 've lost 3 inches off my waist and 1.5 inches off my hips .
i can do something physically active that i love .
it depends on how you count things i could give keto credit for 17 pounds over six weeks or i could give keto krav credit for 6 pounds over eight weeks .
it 's easy to get distracted and discouraged by noise when i think of it the second way .
but this morning i thought i 'd sit down and take some pictures and compare where i came from and .
i had n't realized how much i 've changed in such a short period .
the only android phone i 've ever owned was a galaxy s3 .
i told myself i 'd never switch back to android but here i am .
the phone wo n't get here until next week but if anyone has any tips for making the switch i 'd love any and all advice possible to make this transition smooth .
let the blood of it flow through you ... do you feel its power ?
someone says with a soothing voice caressing my head and moving it down to my chest from now on you are our god ''
i open my eyes and notice i 'm in an unfamiliar white room windowless white lights bathing my body and laying on a hard uncomfortable bed with a thin cloth over me .
there is no sign of the person that was talking moments before the only thing i hear is the sound of the air conditioner giving me an intense cold is making me shake .
i try to get up from the bed but fail my hands and arms were tied to the bed with belts .
i put force into my arms trying to break free of my bindings when suddenly someone enters the room .
a girl wearing white robes made of a really thin fabric walks in on her face was a white mask that only covered her upper face her rosy lips were bare .
she wheels a tv into the room and approaches me .
i-i 'm going to undo your bindings okay ? ''
all i could do was nod her voice was trembling for some reason but there was something about her that took my breath away making me forget the situation i 'm in .
the moment she got closer i could smell the faint scent of apples .
i clench my teeth trying to endure the pain but its no use
i start screaming thrashing around in the bed the only thing keeping me in place were the bindings i wanted to tear out my heart but the bindings wo n't let me .
the pain was making my head spin the world around me starts to distort the white of the room start to slowly turn black making everything disappear the only thing i hear is the sound of the girl trying to open the door and asking for help but soon that disappears too .
okay then ... '' the person in the tv clears his throat hello !
hopefully the tv was n't destroyed it was made to last after all ... ''
a man 's voice echoes inside the now destroyed and dark room i was laying on the ground clutching my chest the pain from before is faint and only felt like small needles sharp ones .
the only light came from the tv so i instinctively looked that way .
the man on the other side was sitting on a wooden chair in a room much like the one i was in at least before it was destroyed .
he was wearing a white robe but unlike the one the girl was wearing it was much more elaborate he was wearing a full face white mask too .
if you 're watching this then i 'm going to assume that it chose you and that i expired '' he says in a cherry tone he crosses his arms and continues well then let me be the first one to congratulate you !
since i take it you already had your first ... ? ''
no i knew what he was talking about there was no sign of the girl from before at least not in this darkness i know what i did to her i wish i had lost the memories of it but no .
i pass my hand over my chest there are small needles coming out of where my heart is supposed to be they react to my touch caressing my fingers memories of what they 've done make their way into my brain i do my best to block them clenching my teeth and closing my eyes .
there is no need to be ashamed this happened to me the first time too '' he says he puts one leg over the other and looks up it also happened to my predessecor ... and the person before me but i digress ... ''
i did n't feel good i heard a wet sound from a corner in the room that 's where her remains are .
i tried my best to keep my eyes on the tv the man kept talking his tone of voice did n't fit the situation at all .
... i 'm the first of all the others to make a video explaining the situation so you better listen up ! ''
he looks directly at the camera puts his elbows on his knees and crosses his fingers .
i 'm going talk about the being that now resides inside you the one that replaced your heart then i 'm going to talk about your role as the new god of this village as the god of these girls and how you are supposed to control your urges so you do n't um break them ... ''
i sit on my knees waiting for him to continue i wanted to destroy the tv but i held back .
i was lost scared for my life and for what i had become .
i needed answers i needed to listen to him .
... so get comfortable this is going to take a while ''
once every 3-4 months i go on a 1ish week binge .
i have access to a for now unlimited free supply of pharma oxycontin .
and every time i finish up with my binge i 'm stuck with a mild depression and lethargy that nothing can pierce .
usually if i binge say on phenibut i can tell i 'm withdrawing and cold turkey with gabapentin .
or i can get rid of ritalin w/d by taking some 3fpm 2x daily and exercise .
seems to have a handoff '' drug to use as an easy way to get sober '' for tolerance or self-improvement purposes .
and i do n't taper opioids because it 's a waste of product and i think if you ca n't handle w/d you really should n't be doing drugs in the first place .
also imo the whole idea of tapering opioids is a scam .
companies who make suboxone are laughing all the way to the bank profiting off of the disease '' called addiction lol .
but fuck just the general feeling of non well being you get ...
i just do n't know how anyone could ever take that shite for years and come off ct .
it always ruins my schedule for a few weeks after .
and also opiates high makes other highs seem so meh '' for like 2 weeks after quitting .
i 'm starting to think they 're not even worth it .
i am so down to trade 3-4 days of physical/mental withdrawal for 2-3 days of fun .
but 2-3 weeks of feeling shite for 7 days of opiates ...
starting to think not worth especially since i have so many responsibilities .
kratom is n't an option because again a waste .
and it takes away from the magic of kratom itself when you use it as a taper device .
great server with even better people never have to worry about losing your stuff just having fun playing the game in a more advanced mode http server-agqr.arkers.io
this is my first time using this subreddit and already on my second post in a single day .
so i 'm putting a bunch of our code snippets into a single module so we do n't have to hunt them down .
i have one relatively simple one liner that is giving me a problem .
now if i past that into powershell i can then call the function and it just works .
however when i load my module i get this .
you must provide a value expression following the '-eq ' operator .
i know it 's that function in the module causing all the trouble because as soon as i comment it out the module loads just fine .
or does everyone only has the register for update option ?
would i be able to play if i just download the apk from other source than google play ?
it 'll flash when i score with low energy .
can someone confirm for me when/if quadfeed is/has end/ended yay for slashes !
at work so ca n't check until pretty late tonight .
i 've just been really really happy this week and i wanted to tell somebody about it .
in fact i only came out a few weeks ago to myself .
but i have awesome friends and a 90 awesome family .
my roommates started calling me he '' right away and some people i know invited me to a trans group .
and then i made friends and a non-binary amab started teaching me about guy clothes and we went thrift store shopping .
and my hair is already short but i 'm gon na get it cut masculine short instead of fluffy short like it is now .
my hair is wavy and i have a round face .
if anyone has a picture i could print out and show to the haircutter i welcome suggestions .
i 've been depressed for years and i kinda swung the other direction mood-wise when i came out .
i 'm no longer over-the-moon happy but just generally happy now .
i no longer dread waking up in the morning .
i just wanted to tell somebody because my friends are tired of me being overly excited around them .
i 'm just very annoying when i 'm excited .
can confirm i broke down 4 blue sparrows a couple days ago and got a range of 47-52 bright dust for each .
maybe it turns out climate change is not as drastic as they are saying
i can almost gurantee that 's where the downvotes are coming from which is odd because you 'd think reddit would encourage skeptical thinking ...
they have already trialed this and similar systems and it led to queue times skyrocketing to over 15min on average for everyone
that 's all i ever get with no gastrointestinal repercussions .
sur un tout autre thème depuis un petit mois il y a une petite nouvelle au taf .
elle est dans un service annexe au principal de la boite tout comme moi .
on discute plus que pas mal et franchement c'est top .
on a plein de points communs mais aussi des choses radicalement différentes et c'est agréable de découvrir de nouvelles choses justement .
lol i wouldnt be surprised if they delay it again !
i 'm guessing aether snap affects your own experience counters ?
and i do like bile blight but when would you actually look to maindeck it ?
do you ever use it to just clean up after terastodon ?
image and video based submissions are not allowed by r/technology .
please try submitting to r/technologyporn r/pics r/gifs or another image-based subreddit .
for videos please try submitting to r/videos r/video r/documentaries or another video-based subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd rather a bunch of people experience one of the happiest moments in their life .
and i 'm aware it 's a dead meme it 's pretty old .
i just think it 's so odd to chris do it in this day and age .
ah this is super fun i especially love my rosy nose !
he has a ultimate beginners guide '' where he goes trough the first steps right up to the end game .
if it ran 3 times a week i would take it back but anything less is ridiculous .
at least unlike a hard node it does n't eat energy but there 's no way they make it return more than a couple times a month .
the fa and their obsession with playing the right way '' is what is ruining the england team not the players or managers .
he said he is not dissappointed with the results .
you do n't want a currency that fluctuates like all of these cryptocurrencies .
they are a good thing to have but do n't expect it to be used by normies
it 's not great but i would n't say it 's bad .
yeah uub should have had a bigger part i agree .
you take issue with super 17 's jump in power ?
look at super with 17 somehow able to hold his own against ssjb goku .
they always buff power levels to correspond with the protagonists ' power levels .
i do n't remember it being their objective to trap goku in hell and was more an unexpected convenience but i could be wrong as it 's been a while .
do n't remember anything about them bringing back earth '' either my apologies .
i love super 17 's design and character and it was a cool returning of a since-forgotten character albeit yes lacking basically any reason for the plot other than a cool idea .
vegeta catching up and failing to actually do anything is basically what he 's become as much as i hate that .
he did n't do anything in the buu saga either once he returned back to normal from majin form .
again been quite a while but i remember them fusing and then vegeta basically serving as a distraction while goku did everything important .
syn bodies everyone like basically every dragon ball villain does until they do n't which is typically when the writers decide the protagonists get just that much stronger .
black star dragon ball arc was cool because it was like watching dragon ball again .
this is a big reason why i like gt it brings the series around so well .
the black star dragon ball arc was like dragon ball which is cool an interesting piece of the saiyan race 's past came back around to take revenge in the form of baby goku achieves ssj4 finally gaining a transformation that incorporates the signature ape form of saiyans and the shadow dragons arc pays reference to wishes made throughout the series with each dragon being born from a different wish ultimately culminating in omega shenron and forcing the protagonists to in a sense fight against the past wrongs they 've committed throughout the series by overuse of the dragon balls .
it feels like everything has come full-circle at the end despite the obvious writing flaws at points but let 's be real dragon ball has never had perfect writing anyway .
most people answering this are n't even going to have a clue what communism is have n't a clue about left-wing political ideas and likely have n't read a single communist author .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
nah he needs to be called out because people are sheep .
once people see that enough of us agree with this post then more people will start following like a burning fire .
it might have made teams offer him a shorter deal just to be safe but once they are the medical prognosis i reckon it would have still been max .
i think it 's really goo dsetup for bad end '' .
like losing a fight and his career to a no-name fighter not fulfilling his dreams not catching up to miyata because you were to fixated on a new move in a fight where you outclassed your opponent in every aspect .
then move on the series to takamura+personal life after-effects of trauma maybe bring back hawk 's sight problem and develop that line of hiding injury/lying to himself .
then for good measure end with a spar against myiata like 10 years later '' when both retired and are recalling the past .
takamura being the new coach/manager ippo running the fishing boat biz etc .
edit no-name '' to readers of manga not in-universe boxing ranks barely developed unintroduced unimportant '' in the plot character .
you do n't know you crossed the line until it 's too late and boy howdy it 's rare that someone escapes rbgf airfield aa .
downsizing to use less fuel is good but wasting parts materials time labor and money is n't .
the fact is that even downsizing has its limitations as mazda found out when it started talking about rightsizing '' .
how would you react if your dick just all of the sudden painlessly detached sprouted legs and took off .
i 'd just be happy for my bass player to stay out of the damn amp stack !
seems she 's in there more then anywhere else on stage ...
it 's like she lives in the thing ! ? ! ?
i feel like this was try outs '' for the last ws roster spot..
there was one around xmas last year that hit high amounts of bait ...
getting your controls inverted when your a hero is just as disabling as being stunned .
with dark hair eyebrows generally should be 1-2 shades lighter
there are exceptions to every rule but this is general rule of thumb of what looks the most natural and flattering .
go darker at the tail end and use a dark brown towards the front of the brow and mix it in .
ikr i do n't know if some people genuinely believe msf can beat skt .
same applies for fnc vs rng and c9 vs we .
like half of this thread is how msf/fnc/c9 will win their respective matchups when it 's about lz vs ssg .
that 's what i 'm getting at it was n't in the adjusted patch notes but went thru anyway despite the backpedaling
sometimes i just want walk from the giant kitchen to the giant tv room with something that did n't take long and did n't make a giant mess
oh if only you were n't locked behind a banner ...
high speed means that she ca n't get doubled easily and can double a lot of characters a special based around her high speed for extra damage on a 2 charge as well is great and she has amazing art .
i never overcame my stutter and frankly have never heard of this happening before .
i am 23 and have stuttered since i was about 9 years old .
milk is not as healthy as you are led to believe best time to cut down is now .
heh the first thing i did was search if someone already mentioned it
hmm would dw pjake match up with loaded die tidus ?
the question we are responding to is about inventory though .
it 's best not to give someone a wrong answer just because their question varies slightly from the original topic .
most people just do n't wear it on their sleeve .
my lab partner is lesbian and i had no idea until she talked about her girlfriend one day and i was like huh cool .
jew banksters said it was absurdly high and that it would never reach 1000 in our lifetime when it hit 500 a few years back .
you still did n't answer my question though about how it 's even practical at this point .
there tends to be a problem when there is no inherent value to something but the price for it is high yet it is n't practical at all to use .
not only that but the irs is trying to crack down on it to stop faggots from avoiding taxes .
sure whatever you just keep harping on about what i 've already said is irrelevant to my point .
now are you going to address the actual point i made or keep side-tracking it ?
you should n't dress up as something you 're not truly comfortable with .
just out of curiousity who is going as jimmy dugan tom hanks ?
that requires a baseball outfit and a whiskey bottle .
if you send btc to a nano from electrum without having gotten the bitcoin cash from them first do you lose the opportunity to receive that bitcoin cash later ?
this is absolutely what i want most out of the new camera sensors !
all the ios applications that did this job have been scuttled ... and even the ones that where avalible where cloud '' based so when they pulled support the applications where rendered useless one of the big negatives most people do n't consider with this brave new world we are entering with applications and software in the cloud .
if anyone knows of any ways to leverage ios to make 3d scanning a useful tool i would be very greatful for any help on the subject !
and if anyone has any information on the new photo sensors and ar kit and how this might be leveraged to make higher quality and accuracy scanning a possibility i would love to read more on the subject .
really hoping this opens up some much needed possibilities for 3d scanning and photogammatry !
if anyone in the portland oregon area has a decent scanner i have a project i would really like help on i need to scan the sole of a snowboarding boot to construct a mold with my 3d printer with integrated binding bales for building a replacement for a no longer avalible system as the sole is suffering from polyurethane foam rot .
now can you come explain that to my boyfriend ?
he does n't actually give me a hard time about my yarn habit it just baffles him .
like why would i want more sock yarn when i already have three 12 '' storage cubes full of it ?
why the fuck would anyone considering taking up fishing want to do it with assholes like you around ?
i mean i do n't know anybody that talks about the movie .
i 'm a major fan of it but i do n't really know anybody else that loves it like i do and i 'm in america .
i 'm just curious if it 's a thing where you 're fairly certain it 's a difference of culture or if you just do n't know anyone that are outright fans of it .
i 'd get out of there fast before he shoots you up while high .
mostly whites and blues though i did get a gold hanzo skin i already had in one of those boxes .
i 've gotten the sombra halloween victory pose five times since the event began as well .
yah i never thought it would work either lol .
well when i first started i mainly used it at work to help me be more productive on a stressful day .
then i noticed the feeling of the effects from the kratom has slowed my tics down .
i 've trie everything under the sun to slow my tics down but it just kind of failed .
but anyway i take it about twice daily or so .
but my tics sometimes consist of throat clearing slight voice grunting moving my legs left and right together neck tightening repeating sentences until satisfied lol and sometimes i have to touch things twice for some reason .
then there are some ocd tics like needing to place my hand in a certain spot until it goes past that invisible line .
its a weird one i 've had for a while .
but the kratom kind of just stops a lot of the tic urges .
it calms me down keeps me focused and in all around a better mood .
could n't be happier to live life with fewer tics .
i 'm glad you are curious about my tourette 's .
it would have to be from a domesticated animal way too late in the year for something wild .
not the other guy but as someone who does n't have a team right now should i just build a cheap team e.g .
bpl and then go for a proper team next week based off what you said ?
its the same people that have been running the ru private server for a few months already ...
i think what wilson did was bad and i think trump handled it badly from there .
i do not think that this is a big news story it only serves as an excuse for people mainly the left to get ‘outraged ' and claim a moral high ground .
jeg sliter med å forstå poenget med folkehøyskole i det hele tatt .
om ungdommen vil ha et hobbyår '' så synes jeg strengt tatt de kan betale for det selv .
save money and hold a wedding banquet at the same time .
girls do y'all really need a big wedding banquet ?
i 'd also tack an additional 30 mins on your estimated commute just to be safe even if you are taking a lyft because the drivers may not use waze and end up encountering the road closures .
worst that can happen is you get there super early get through security and have more time to grab a coffee .
mesmers are fantastic actually if you do the greatsword trick you just have to autoattack and spam tab i have it bound to mouse wheel to make it easier so every tick of the greatsword auto applies to a different enemy .
if it 's one of the atx models these cases go for quite a bit of money iirc .
does n't mean shit because any dmg/lem in 2017 can reach global before the rank re-distribution on 2015 .
its pretty sad that she was n't good enough to make it onto a show about failures .
you 're citing an example with 2 electronics companies .
considering how different the food industry is i 'd rather have a source to verify the claim .
i like my horse he 's pretty and poops rainbow glitter .
i 'd tell you where to get one but it looks like you prefer lab rats .
i 'm currently rank 2 and my last 8 or so games were against legend ranked players top 100 and top 10 .
i generally do n't mind being matched against these player but then for me a loss is less crushing as i can only gain or lose one star .
i also do n't see a big difference in skills or deck quality in my sample size .
would be interesting to hear why this is happening and if there 's not enough players at rank 2 or not enough at legend or both .
i ca n't see the screen clearly to tell exactly what happened .
5 debuff icons pop on on the lower right side .
it looks like his resistances and da were reduced .
then his buffs were taken off by the arcane one .
i 've really wanted to play this game for a while but it 's a bit steep .
thanks for giving everyone a chance to get this !
blue is aftermarket i believe while the white one is an official nintendo battery
i 'm thinking about getting vr just for ed !
with the rift being so much cheaper now than the vive what made you choose the vive ?
okay ggg not enough money poe is way to complex to be aaa i get it .
let me hit you with another one then croteam .
lost 3 ot games in 4 weeks to msu psu and osu .
finally when bielema let canada actually own the game plan we crush nebraska .
highly unlikely we see a scenario like that again though .
but to your point a 6-team playoff is best .
i do n't agree that morality can truly be taught it can only be threatened and enforced .
punishment is the basis of all morality do a bad thing be shunned go to hell be imprisoned be killed have your things taken away etc .
and that 's my point you ca n't expect the people in these corporations to not act immorality it 's simply not reasonable .
not until there are genuine personal consequences for their actions and more importantly consequences that outweigh the benefits of the immoral acts .
but let 's be honest as long as lobbying exists that 's never happening .
6 years and i only just got the mainhand .
bubbleman is an amazing player but i despise his self-deprecating nature so much i 'd watch his streams more if he was n't like this
the main problem with ln adaptation are read the novel '' endings .
sukasuka is still one of my favourite anime though .
mijn zus zei dat het beter was dan 9gag en de rest is geschiedenis .
i could n't find the first scroll until just today during summer of year 2 .
it would 've been so much more useful to be able to talk to the dwarf like a year ago .
just do yourself a favor and do n't listen to any of the remakes that ahmad has created of this song in his older years .
and if you are paranoid like me after you have the random seed generated you tweak 3-5 letters manually .
if i got a new one there is a good chance some kid in ghana with sandals cut out of a car tire would inhale half of the old one trying to extract its rare metals .
if not even shipping manufacturing and recycling computer hardware is a messy and dirty process that causes pollution
or maybe the improved energy efficiency of the replacement would vastly outweigh any harm .
you 'd need a more rigorous analysis before drawing any conclusions .
there is value in not doing that which for me personally exceeds the value of a poorly implemented 1000th note taking application the 100th irc clone the 10th emacs clone etc .
well you 're begging the question if you 're already assuming things are poorly implemented '' .
i 've got a huge amount of value out of discord personally and more generally the overall market '' suggests other people mostly find these applications are worth it to them .
that is a misguided assumption rooted in the idea that cost can be expressed entirely in terms of money .
maybe you pay more money for a software developer .
but even if you do n't pay him he has the same value and cost to society as anyone else .
likely he 'll work on some other software project .
computer time and really not only computer time but the entire life cycle of the computer on the other hand expends energy and causes pollution that is easily avoidable in these cases .
if you waste a programmer 's time then that has a cost to society because they could have been doing something more productive .
likewise if you waste energy it could 've been used for something else .
it 's the same either way and the only reasonable way to compare how much is in units of money .
icthlaran is more interesting though the thought of death himself trying to prevent a death i hope we actually get to see it .
i loved that bit of writing from mod osborne i thought it really compelling .
death is perhaps the most dedicated to his role out of all our characters and the fact he was willing indeed adamant to break his oath for his friend was really compelling to me .
the entire movie sucked myers balls but this was the only good part ! ﻿
some fas should seriously consider changing their logo iceland spain france switzerland austria liechtenstein slovenia and ukraine maybe they should just remove that huge text .
sorry i could n't resist i 'll see myself out .
thanks the older driver worked for me i did n't have to do regedit changes and i 'm on x64 as well .
i reverted to one previous currently the one on 9/18/2017 windows driver 6.3.24-5
i think there 's a law to protect consumers from that kind of thing .
literally does n't even try to hide his ridiculous hacks .
i reripped a good 400 of my own discs not too long ago when i had more free time .
it was easier than i thought it would be but obviously that hinges on a number of factors .
if your mp3 player has microsd i 'd be very surprised if it did n't support flac .
43 of canadians believe scientific findings are ‘a matter of opinion ' poll globalnews.ca https globalnews.ca/news/3752170/canadians-science-opinion-survey
to introduce this sub here attracts ones who think i 'm right .
whoever say what i do n't like/believe is wrong '' for unknown reason .
i guess they are not educated on methodology and philosophy of science .
nobody stop you from switching them on but i do n't see point in wasting screen space if you can use big bezel
it 's called a sports equinox and this will be the 17th https espnfivethirtyeight.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/fischerbaum-sportsequinoxes.png ? w=575 h=465 quality=90 strip=info in world history .
i 'm still confused why the slip cover labels it the steelbook edition '' when there is no other physical edition that it needs to be differentiated from .
they really should even have notifications for races/tournaments and also dedicated chat system would n't go amiss .
and server status maintenance notice ahead of time would also be useful so we can plan ahead .
obviously emergency maintenance can still happen but at least we 'd be surprised less often .
if he gets an injury due to fatigue our season is probably over .
he can not just keeps playing 90 mins twice per week .
i did n't know orcas jumped on land and while i do n't know much about them i know most creatures do n't eat anything as big or bigger than them if they can help it .
as for the t-rex not fighting the raptor would it really be a fight ?
it came out the cage clearly was hype for a meal then the creature it was fighting got snatched away by a prehistoric orca !
a lot of peoplw that are lefties but not secessionist will be forced to vote cs psc or pp .
while the secessionista will steal vites feom each other .
and after how radical is cup i would n't be surprised they would lose many votes .
here 's a sneak peek of r/mildlypenis using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/mildlypenis/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 the sun beating his heat https i.redd.it/ul4cuj2n5vjz.jpg 134 comments https np.reddit.com/r/mildlypenis/comments/6y05ay/the_sun_beating_his_heat
even iskall after his death messaged mods saying 'team damage is off huh ? '
and yes i totally agree on the jojoba oil .
i started using it before i received my the ordinary products and just after one night it had really calmed down the redness and inflammation !
i suspect ignoring them would make them go to new lows in the pursuit of attention
i agree with the guardians part but deadpool was fox not marvel .
i think that having comic book movies coming from fox x-men deadpool and warner justice league are making the movies from marvel/disney stale and visa versa .
with star wars however i think only having one studio with the rights means the movies wo n't get stale at least not for a long time .
especially knowing that after ep 9 they 'll have a longer break before ep10 begins the new trilogy .
i think the point is that we 'd all pay a little tax for parking if the cost was reasonable and the company was reasonable to deal with .
but because they 're not we enjoy fucking with with them .
but now i enjoy fucking with you because the rewards are far more immediate .
i know it 's the correct title but sir tom just sounds like a comically inept knight in some story .
i find it weak but nonetheless fantastic for the price .
that said i just finished some pacific gas co. pho and it blew cbd 's stuff out of the water .
it 's probably a good thing you did n't find him and bitch .
usually ok be of these guys at least in these crews are packing and there dumb asses are just looking to put a hole in someone .
ya know i was keeping hundreds of slaves locked up in my basement but this one guy painting his nails blue has made me see the light .
i 'm going to let them go now i just ca n't justify my actions now i 've been forced to hold them up to scrutiny .
faster kills make up for the small extra cost .
nothing to do with beeing an elitest or try harding .
i 'll die happy when zynthetic and mick gordon collaborate together .
that 's ok. a lot of yanks probably think that hugh laurie is american .
i had one week during which i put a little band aid .
no one at work said anything but i had a good story ready just in case .
the next week just makeup but it did n't look awesome .
got ta feel good about your look with whatever genetics gave you
i utterly mistrust anyone who claims to support 100 of a party 's policies .
same because at that point it 's just a desire to be on one particular side rather than have actually thought about the issues .
i 'm a member of a political party it just is n't the snp .
my thought is that brissett has to throw to someone and hilton will have value even if luck does n't play this year .
i just got jordy in a trade and i have cja as my rb1 so i feel that mckinnon could be a big bump for flex going forward .
i like to think of it as a cool way of letting other peoples ' idiocy pay for my game developement .
it only looks like he 's dealing because of robert 's lineup skills .
first off it 's metagaming and second why should someone else get to decide what skills you level ?
well obviously with some exceptions like making sure you have enough points in education and start off on a decent career quest .
i do n't see us winning this game sadly .
we 're completely reliant on our 1-4 maybe 5 hitting .
i really do n't want to give the cubs any momentum whatsoever oh well .
do n't really have criticism just wanted to say i really liked it !
i do n't necessarily agree but for the sake of argument let 's say i do .
even so i 've worked with a number of automotive manufacturers .
i 'm very confident that gm is likely to make mistakes cut corners and rush schedules to a degree that other companies likely would n't all for the sake of a dollar and in so doing putting people at risk .
this has nothing to do with future safety improvements efficiency or convenience for gm .
for another example of how nyc was used by american automotive companies for profit and to the detriment of the city please check out the story below about why it 's so hard to get from brooklyn to queens .
edit forgot to mention that i really agree that this is the way to go !
self driving will save lives and we should all support the effort .
i just feel very strongly that this is a mistep in the path towards that effort .
there 's not anything to hate about it but there really is n't anything that drives it above and beyond the rest of the mario series ...
true it does suck that this concurred for cfg i got two tickets for my lil bro and gf and i dont wan na say hey you cant go anymore because of the people i dealt with .
imma do my absolute best to get another ticket but thats money for the golf shop too x
the way i think most people use the word costume is as clothing/accessories .
i can wear a wig so that 's part of my costume .
i can wear a necklace because it 's part of my costume .
if the other dolls are sewn into my costume then i 'd consider them part of the costume .
but if it 's a prop i 'm holding it does n't change the costume .
a guy who served in cebu wouldnt shut up about it to me kept asking me if i had been there and speaking bisaya to me despite knowing i only understood tagalog .
he made alot assumptions about me based on me being of filipino descent and said tagalog speakers either sound like minions or gay .
ive never wanted to fucking yell at someone so badly .
lets not give these cubs anything to give them hope
i mean they are all the worst '' in one way or another which is what i 've thought since the beginning .
i will admit that a meta is not as important in a cooperative game and you a much more free to experiment and play 'outside ' of it and still succeed because you 're only facing ai opponents .
but there is still a certain set of expected and optimal weapons/abilities for every perk which can differ whether you 're a trash or hvt role and every map has an established optimal strategy which i would still consider metagaming .
i guess i 'm cool with that i mean i 'm not gon na like call anybody out to their face or anything but it just sorta rubs me the wrong way .
one of my classmates was wearing a cool black flag shirt and the teacher asked him about it and he did n't even know it was a band .
i 'm personally waiting for a team to sign doublelift chauster aphromoo and loco so ca n't do that .
could we get jerry hairston out of retirement to hit instead of granderson next series ?
fyi it 's possible to pull an ssr android and possibly hercule .
well michaela went out because of a decision literally at tribal
thank you just what i was looking for on mobile .
once again i will not give you the answers to my security questions .
important life pro tip do n't stick your dick in crazy .
tried to combine regular leggings with assless chaps and a garter/stocking set .
99 of men cum once and exactly once during sex
i 'm sorry that you 're feeling so anxious !
perhaps you could talk with a therapist they will help you get to the bottom of your anxiety and can teach you some techniques to lessen your anxiety .
her well ... we were given this chance as a blessing .
we have lived our lives righteously in the lord and he is ready to help us succeed at this ''
her there are fakes from china you can get lead or bedbugs from them they are a fakes ! ! !
at this point i would absolutely believe that niantic would cannibalize it 's existing go to get the market to shell out money for a product that we can only hope works correctly for at least the first few months it 's available .
i love this game and have met some really great people because of it but the respect and ethics this company shows towards their customers is disgusting .
i really do n't believe a thing will ever change because no matter what problems pop up people will still play but we should n't be afraid to update our phones or the app in fear that things are going to go from bad to worse .
especially when those teams are run by successful esports orgs with proven track records .
immortals does n't have the same type of sponsor lineup the likes of which c9 and optic have .
blizzard themselves have shown that tourny results when they accepted nrg into owl .
i was worried that you left for some reason .
my hunter is my main and i have switched to foetracer from kr .
honestly i had a blast during iron banner and i think foetracer had a lot to do with that .
that being said kr is a great way to as you said learn the maps and enemy movements .
honestly i see a few parallels between this and benghazi but the most striking difference is that obama or hillary would never tell the widows he knew what he signed up for.
some people want to learn to make it by themselves and some do n't .
but do n't assume someone should know how to make something .
just because i 'm black does n't mean i love watermelon .
dont try to push your expectations on others because of their race .
germans were never known for their ability of witty comebacks .
looked at your pics you 've got a great style !
even though the laser eyed robert memes still confuse me a bit
my iphone 7 is the easiest to scratch device screen i have ever used .
far and away better than everyone else his rookie class particularly because of that extra year .
it is different cause a jailbroken iphone is still stupidly restricted compared to a rooted android .
fucking dwight powell literally not even attempting to help on defense
i messaged the guy selling it he 's a brother !
i would n't say the expanse ruined sci-fi spaceships for me but it is definitely at the back of my mind every time i see ships with artificial gravity from now on .
it 's always back there whispering this could be done better
our first date she wanted to go out for chicago dogs .
went for beers after and she ordered a high life and a shot of jack .
almost split when she told me she was a raiders fan though .
apparently they have good reviews but i 'd like to produce my own music at some point .
my question is will it sound good next to my dsi ?
i 've heard they 're super fun to play with .
i do n't need a synth to tweak for fun i need one to fill out the lower frequencies .
my metabolism is so high that i become immune to the medications .
that was probably a dumb choice of words on my part .
i simply meant the phones can only sip data at best and in reality barely ever even use it .
it would be nice if it were only 10 but i understand what you 're saying .
crowder and co. are often retarded but at least they are not perpetuating violence and censorship .
my friend met him while he was drunk as fuck at a hotel sounded like the coolest dude
edit jake was drunk as fuck my buddy was working
have n't seen my chest in at least 6-7 years haha looks so weird and already is a little itchy a lot more definition though .
not sure it 'll make a difference with only a week and a few days .
i was gon na say music but as much as i love it it does n't distract me .
if anything it just gives my mind a soundtrack to play my delusions on .
i think the still from the film is positioned more centrally on the arc of the cliffside while op 's photo is about four feet to the right .
you can see a small crack and outcropping between op 's feet which seems to correspond to a similar outcrop on the right of the movie photo .
you can also see the 'pillars ' of rock which frame the image and it seems like the filmmakers lined it up for maximum symmetry with the circular pit .
op went all that way and missed by a few feet .
i 'm here from r/all so someone better versed in star wars will need to make the joke about how that 's impossible even for a computer ! ''
alphago zero just beat alphago lee one hundred games to zero .
also it is just as scary for guys to approach a pretty girl .
the prettier the more intimidating it is because we begin to doubt whether she likes us or not .
but society warrents us to be the ones who speak out most of the time so we take the brunt of the fear .
bravery has nothing to do with not being afraid .
it is being scared to death and doing it anyway .
ok i 'll definitely check out your recommendation this weekend .
after it released he added an a capella to appease angry fans .
rockstar was planning to do an unprecedented gta game where you could visit every city in every game .
considering how vice city takes place in the 80s im not sure how they would have executed that .
it really feels like a slap in the face .
oh and it 's urine yellow armor not gold .
all forms of pollution need to be taxed they all cause negative externalities on others
please contact me https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=alphabetagammatheta if you have any suggestions or complaints .
i saw them this past weekend too were you in buffalo ?
expanding '' does n't mean the boundaries are getting wider .
as far as we can tell there are no boundaries .
expanding '' means the space in between stuff is getting wider .
right now there 's a certain amount of space between this galaxy cluster and that and if you wait long enough there 'll be twice as much space between them .
no matter where you are in the universe faraway stuff gets farther away over time .
we 're besties with murica since day 1 ! !
they saved us from the evil spanish friars and evil baby-bayoneting japs they saved us from red commies with their bases and from the evil muslim terrorists which is redundant and they 'll save us from islandgrabbing chink bullies !
they gave us muh democracy muh english muh public education muh m-16s and muhmbo-mambo magsaysay !
there was never any philippine american war '' moro massacres '' !
if there is it 's just a insurrection and they should keep the balangiga bells !
anyone who says there was a war is like a holocaust denier !
anyone who says they were colonisers is guilty of fake news !
it 's not collaboration or selling out if it 's with murica !
it 's pretty obvious that the great filter is can your species sustain itself on its home planet in other words can you as a group use less per year than your planet can provide ? ''
numbers are universal and do n't need to be localized .
sure there are tons of talents in the game but you would only need to write into the tool tips of each skill the ones that affect them you do n't need to account for 1300 talents only maybe a max of 10ish per skill most of the time less .
sure they would have to go back and make this change for every skill adding in each talent they have that changes the numbers but if you spread that out between a few programmers that problem becomes fairly trivial .
if it was done at the start the maintenance would be trivial as talents get reworks tool tips would not even have to be updated assuming the numbers get passed from the talent code and adding in new heroes or talent reworks only requires those specific abilities and heroes affected to be changed
i thought you were talking about alex jones and i was just making a joke .
what about anwar guy did so much damage to our education system and now we rally behind him .
weather wizard could pull it off but idk if he 's smart enough he 's pretty confrontational so he needs to learn more patience abra kadabra maybe and i think the mirror master too there 's a story in the comics where wally was trapped in a mirror world with captain cold and that would be a fun arc to adapt to tv .
he/she probably got fucked hard for all the damage to multiple cars but at least no one got seriously hurt .
have you considered sharing what you learned with fellows who do not understand the concept of global warming ?
i mean do n't go out of your way but if you happen to touch the subject with someone maybe you will educate them and in turn they will someone else .
if you wan na be competitive at nats yeah you need a '99 sport specifically .
locally though plenty of people in na8s and lesser '' nbs getting the job done .
the guy who 's in line to win my club 's season points competition is in an nb2 with a 6-speed .
as for the roll bar i see them used for 300 every so often .
oh i know if we had a great two drop the deck would be way better i might cut the batterskull for a second hazoret
no but i remember some democrat on twitter making fun of schumer when trump helped him down from the dias even though he was a polio survivor .
they also have a combo superior combo list with an effective infinite light combo into a heavy at any time alas poor valk .
he can still think it was enjoyable even though you didnt
the guys i model my game after are jd colarusso from albany and phil huffard from yale so probably one of them .
i agree with almost all of this only thing i would say is i 'd use engine on immobile to increase his low balance
i have no family to tell ... my posting this on facebook would trigger a bomb within my toxic family and also announcing to all of my friends .
i actually ca n't do it unless i want to ruin my life .
i 'm trying my best to use my resources and that why i 'm here .
do n't go assuming we all have a wonderful supportive family and that i 'm not grateful or whatever .
if i was billionaire rich i 'd pay bethesda millions of dollars to make another expansion .
i do n't know if snoke is using anyone else to do this though .
he might be using rey or kylo or luke .
i 'm also not sure what caused his injuries .
i think it may be because he is so corrupt within the force and he is also unnaturally old .
she was initially 15 before beacon and because of her birthday she is now 16 .
that followed by a series of unfortunate events over the past decade and a half really caused me to lose faith in humanity .
i have a few friends but i prefer to be in the company of animals .
yo that crowd at staples singing the rest of the song .
rancidpunx and i have mate with me paper-aeroplane both have a shitload of normal clears .
ted talks has a bunch of good videos on confidence .
google reviews can help secretaries are often a gold mine for information depending on the job .
they will also likely mention to the interviewer that you called .
khaki 's and a nice button up shirt is fairly universal .
it 's amazing how many of the jitters you can get out in a totally consequence free environment .
find interview questions on google for your friend to ask .
i think it was the bottom one in the picture called a larry grind .
cmf has some pretty awesomely normal names for his blade grinds it 's hilarious that he said sold for 1800 .
it 's a surreal post-apocalyptic version of britain so there 's plenty to explore and find so much potential for side quests .
it 'd probably be a lot like a fallout with more vegetation more supernatural elements a bit more of a fantastical/surreal feel than the retrofuturism of fallout and of course it 'd be in britain .
you flail your way back down to the floor .
this year i 've done wdw the dream the wonder and disneyland twice .
i do n't expect to have a year like this ever again in my lifetime .
ok ... but you still regularly get the taunts unless you brand every single captain .
i do n't see why having the choice to skip is a problem .
literally translated as spirit of the staircase '' or meaning the feeling when thinking of the perfect comeback or reply to situation slightly too late as if when leaving and walking down the stairs .
i got bamboozled by them and got the x370 gaming pro carbon at release and this vdroops like crazy even with maximum llc .
ca n't wait till ted cruz posts his favorite incest porn to twitter .
ups and downs never a down because of each other .
we got to critique to each other about external bs .
i showed you the numbers in 2005 and the numbers now .
my other source has the average live event attendance as well as the revenue .
i literally posted current attendance numbers vs. 2005 attedance numbers .
that is a day we can both look forward to !
the last one i setup gave me 200mbps which is what the client had for bandwidth off of the satellite .
it loses as it 's really a hub and spoke model .
eero has good throughput and a nice setup the hub with 2 beacon gen 2 model but the band steering is terrible .
my phone would continually connect to the 2.4 band being 5ft from a beacon .
i have 200mb broadband and am running goog wifi .
hardwired to my farthest node i get that speed .
wifi to that node 130mb is about the best i can pull no matter the device .
if i move across the house and i stick on 2.4 a quick wifi toggle puts me back on 5g .
that being said the robust network really makes 2.4 ok for most things .
since the mesh is solid i think goog can improve the speed for wifi .
i 'm not a big gamer so i ca n't speak to nat issues .
i did downgrade '' from a x10 and i 'm way happier .
unfortunately since your account is under 5 days old and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however if your account is at least one day old you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account age to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's cause he 's born and raised english working class .
those guys have an inhuman work ethic when it comes to sports sometimes .
knew a lot of people when living in london who drank/smoke very often yet always gave 110 for 90 minutes on the football pitch
are you sure you did n't throw in a real old madden and use one of the cards from mini camps lol
photos are strongly encouraged if you are looking for advice .
looking for thoughts from fans actually following closely this year .
not the same standard line from all the news outlets .
the king 's game is actually genetically developed virus that makes people extremely susceptible to persuasion .
iirc one of the classmate 's parents was a researcher on the virus and ended up passing it onto their child .
it 's a really shitty cop-out in the end that does n't explain how half the shit actually happened .
edit managed to find a write up of the entire series .
yes save him til jesmon advent comes around or use a fodder path to get him rookie 4 .
how 's tatum 's size look compared to giannis ?
people are speculating tatum might be bigger than listed .
you can park at mgm which is a little less than a mile walk it 's right off the freeway and is free .
pleasure gardens is the easiest part of the raid .
i usually end up having to kill 2 dogs myself in the pugs i 've been in lately .
the commenter is very much commenting on the fact that there are five skyrim releases but there is also the issue of several ff games being re-released/ported with little extra added on if anything .
the tyrion lannister school for kids who ca n't win the approval of their father and who wan na learn to drink and know things too .
he 's the dude that wo n't ever pick up the phone but will immediately text back asking what 's up .
sorry but its probably funny and entertaining to you since you know him .
for me he repeated the same thing over and over again .
i skipped ahead a little after a while and he was still saying the exact same thing i had already heard him say a few times already about how the trailer made it look like he would be whoopin ' ass '' .
that 's the very first thing i do once i can access the settings .
i do n't know why google insists on the long animations .
your face looks like it 's covered in umpa lompa jizz
be careful with your placement of the mech workshop .
it can easily be disabled if there 's an enemy unit right in front of it which prevents it from spawning mechs .
i absolutely agree with you doctor strange did n't need that much humor as my second all-time favorite marvel hero i liked the movie but it ended being way under my expectations if they do nightmare for the sequel i 'd love for derrickson in case he comes back to do a psychological horror kind of film would bring something fresh to the mcu
try learning the coda up to full speed to get a good idea of the difficulty of the piece .
so i have the option of doing chapter 1 or the lightning questline .
i want to do the lightning questline because its limited time and seems to have good rewards .
is keeping playing through the main story on the backburner a good idea ?
i have already finished part 1 and am autoing through part 2
that is not canada 's test in any way .
edit to quote the scc in syndicat northcrest v. amselem
freedom of religion under the quebec charter of human rights and freedoms and the canadian charter of rights and freedoms consists of the freedom to undertake practices and harbour beliefs having a nexus with religion in which an individual demonstrates he or she sincerely believes or is sincerely undertaking in order to connect with the divine or as a function of his or her spiritual faith irrespective of whether a particular practice or belief is required by official religious dogma or is in conformity with the position of religious officials .
this understanding is consistent with a personal or subjective understanding of freedom of religion .
as such a claimant need not show some sort of objective religious obligation requirement or precept to invoke freedom of religion .
it is the religious or spiritual essence of an action not any mandatory or perceived‑as‑mandatory nature of its observance that attracts protection .
the state is in no position to be nor should it become the arbiter of religious dogma .
although a court is not qualified to judicially interpret and determine the content of a subjective understanding of a religious requirement it is qualified to inquire into the sincerity of a claimant 's belief where sincerity is in fact at issue .
sincerity of belief simply implies an honesty of belief and the court 's role is to ensure that a presently asserted belief is in good faith neither fictitious nor capricious and that it is not an artifice .
assessment of sincerity is a question of fact that can be based on criteria including the credibility of a claimant 's testimony as well as an analysis of whether the alleged belief is consistent with his or her other current religious practices .
so a vast majority of players wo n't be seeing ho-oh for at least a few months .
not op but i thought i 'd chime in i made a solution of 1 50mg pill in 1 liter plastic bottle of distilled water kept in the fridge with the lid on of course .
the solution started tasting a little funky maybe after 2 months .
i 've since made a new batch but it 's been in the fridge for maybe 3 months and still tastes fine .
and i take a dropper-full each night and have barely made a dent in the amount in the bottle .
i 'm kinda curious if i can freeze it .
it 's dumb to think someone could be all of those things .
being dumb and silly does n't make it a bad movie .
i liked the movie buts it 's a silly movie .
you ca n't make me stop listening to 99 invisible while i browse reddit !
dropping firearms should always be avoided but nearly every modern pistol has at least one drop safety measure .
remember price checks are for price checks not for offers to buy .
if you are offering a significantly lower price than it should be as well as offering to buy it may be taken as misleading .
take multiple opinions into consideration where possible to avoid situations like this happening .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hardwareswapuk if you have any questions or concerns .
i actually tried a little to get arc kills somehow i had no alternatives ..
but ricochet effect seems weak”.. is it just me or there are tricks to learn to get that ?
funded discover savings with 20k on 9/5 from external moved out 19,999 on 9/14 to external 200 bonus posted 10/5 .
the aaa savings opened 9/21 with 20k deposited from external still no bonus .
still holding out hope based on how long the regular savings took to post .
excuse me while i pick my jaw off the floor at the fact that you 've deleted 800 stories and have 600 still online .
can you hook me up with some of whatever it is that gets you working so much ?
i think the longest one i deleted was 20k but i 've orphaned a 140k story .
i intend to delete a trilogy of 600k at some point but as i 'm rewriting it all i 'm not sure that counts .
not to say magneto wins he does n't but flash bloodlusted or not ca n't star at lightspedd unless amped he has to ramp up .
i feel so bad for you that it 's not enjoyable '' to see homeless people who probably have mental problems and may be veterans .
so so sorry it 's not pleasant '' for you .
maybe the cops could beat them for being alive and that would make it pleasant and enjoyable '' because their lives are n't bad enough being homeless in a city that 's freezing 5 months out of the year .
we 're either training the locals to kill isis or funding isis basically the answer is isis '' .
the correct question to be asking is not why '' but what ''
you mean they wo n't release the lies from a white house which makes up terrorist attacks that never happened and lies about recorded tweets and video statements by trump do n't you ?
i was 24 and on birth control for awhile when i became pregnant .
he was not into the idea of keeping it .
i would never force something so life altering on someone else so i had an abortion .
we were n't married at the time now we are and i would have had the baby if my so felt differently .
the abortion was 11 years ago now and i think about how the child would be from time to time .
there have been times when i have resented my so because the abortion never felt like the right thing to do for me .
however i love my so more than any other living thing in the world and would rather him be happy with our life than unhappy .
i guess it has come down to perspective in my case .
i was kinda of rooting for the yankees to win this series until i saw this game thread
i 'd have to agree it 's a fantastic looking livery .
i think i 've managed to finish 1 race since photo mode was released .
who the hell actually does that thorough of a pre-ride ?
does he ride once a decade or some shit ?
bike 's not on its side tires are n't too flat and there 's no gas pouring out ?
so it sounds like tsm likely either fucked up with their focus in training i.e .
trying to master too many styles and ending up being good at only late game team fights or maybe they were gods in scrims but just could not execute on stage .
either way reddit as usual overplayed the drafts as the issue .
even if tsm had perfect drafts in every game if they played the same way falling behind every game they likely would have still had a very difficult group stage .
and the fact that apparently all their major stats as a team were the worst in the tournament emphasizes just how poorly they were playing from the start of the games .
i ditched my previous method and now it works .
is it not possible to use a long and an integer in the same calculation ?
from now on if they even mildly enjoy anything it will give them uncontrollable diarrhea .
even if they suddenly like a food that they previously hated does n't matter .
they now have to either 1 eat food that they hate for the rest of their lives or 2 shit their brains out for the rest of their lives .
it 's all i need confidence that everything works when required
they do not have the funds to build infrastructure for 800 million people .
also they do n't have any funds to create clean energy so in an already polluted world they will have to resort to cheap fossil fuels .
this is true for the entire continent of africa .
the world is already being dangerously polluted and we 're only focusing on decreasing pollution in china and the usa but in reality we need to be focused on building clean energy in africa so we do n't have a whole other continent of 2 billion people pumping gases into the air .
i can only speak as a first hand observer i 'm afraid subdub was the place to be before the dubstep came along .
i 'm trying to find comfort in the idea that no matter how terrifying it might be it will come to a definite end relatively quickly .
they 've had nothing to eat except lollies and biscuits for days .
it may or may not be as good as db but your comment implies dbs is terrible which is far from true .
i highly recommend spending a few hours a week just sitting with no visual or auditory stimulation .
isnt that what everyone does while they lay awake in bed staring at the ceiling thinking about that stupid thing they did in middle school ?
can confirm with my eye test they look like base lights with no add-ons
if i were you i would require him to be employed if he 's going to stay there after he graduate .
not terribly long but it 's what i got !
so you think sticking to the western side/phuket andaman coast will be best ?
epic level campaign ? or did you just use their personality ?
its for a game do n't worry he does n't look like this ... in the beginning of the game xd
i should check but we had both the new and old ones on the self at the same time .
you could see the sales change after people tried the new ones realized they sucked ass and bought the old ones again .
feedback welcome at r/image_linker_bot disable https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=image_linker_bot subject=ignore 20request message=ignore 20me with ignore me '' via reply or pm
this is my first post to r/unresolvedmysteries on a case that 's fascinated me for a while .
on december 4 1977 malaysian airlines flight 653 took off from penang international airport at 19:21 with the destination of kuala lumpur 's subang airport .
this is a very short route taking less than an hour in the air .
just over 30 minutes into the trip at 19:54 while at an altitude of over 4000 feet over batu arang and descending toward runway 33 of their destination subang tower received a transmission that there was a hijacker on the plane .
authorities were contacted immediately and emergency preparations were made at the airport .
however a few minutes later the crew reported back we 're now proceeding to singapore .
the crew had no choice but to go to singapore for fuel reasons .
in the last few minutes of the cockpit voice recorder investigators heard a series of gunshots implying that both the pilot and co-pilot were killed by the unidentified hijacker who allegedly then turned the gun on himself leaving the plane professionally uncrontrolled '' .
twenty minutes later the plane hit a swamp in tanjung kupang at a nearly vertical angle and very high speed .
all 93 passengers and 7 crew as well as the never-identified hijacker died upon impact .
while it seems obvious as to why the plane crashed there are a few notable oddities about the case that go unexplained .
after the pilots were shot the plane should 've kept flying in autopilot not taken a nosedive to the ground .
however shortly after the pilot 's deaths the autopilot was switched off .
the most likely implication is that an unskilled passenger attempted to take control of the plane with predictable results .
the plane was seen oscillating upwards before taking the nosedive towards the ground .
but to add to the mystery people on the ground reported seeing fire and even an explosion before the plane hit the ground .
it was very likely that all of the passengers were killed before impact .
no trace of a bomb was found in the wreckage or any other weapon .
even the bullets that killed the pilots were never found .
the remains of all 100 people were buried in a mass grave as the damage was too severe for bodies to be recognizable .
the hijacker was never identified though airport officials claim that the pilots said that the flight was hijacked by japanese red army members .
in the sources i read most say that only one hijacker was involved though a few have implied multiple people on board were involved .
in my last bit of writing i want to make note that there were a few high-profile passengers on the plane malaysian agricultural minister dato ' ali haji ahmad public works department head dato ' mahfuz khalid and cuban ambassador to japan mario garcía incháustegui .
why was there reportedly an explosion before the plane hit the ground ?
i 'm a 23 year old woman from the uk .
i have next to no hiking experience but i am in good shape .
i 've been wanting to hike this trail forever and now i have come into some money which enables me to do this i also work in a school library so i have the summer off .
i 've decided to just section hike through oregon and then come back to do the whole trail a couple of years later .
i 've got until july to extensively research research research and prepare and will probably go on some smaller hikes in england to get ready .
as for resupplying i 'm going to be making a lot of stops and i 'm going to make sure i reach out to people starting on the trail when i am .
i 've got lots of people who have thru hiked to ask advice from .
so ... do you think this dream is achievable ?
this will be the biggest thing little old me has ever done .
starting spread is above average but bloom aka spread per bullet is very low .
overall spread is slightly worse than m4 and timik but those two are very good and slightly worse than very good is still most definitely good .
recoil is low but a lot more erratic than m4 which is hard to compete with since it has some of the most consistent recoil in the game .
ttk is slightly worse than timik and slightly better than m4 .
closer to timik than m4 nothing great but not terrible either .
damage per magazine is 10 lower than timik and m4 .
higher rpm means better aimpunchin ' than the other two tho .
also has a pretty good sight like m4 unlike timik .
overall a very good rifle that competes with m4 for top automatic rifle .
accuracy is a real problem with this handgun good luck landing those last couple of bullets in the magazine without weekly blood-sacrifices to rngesus .
by far worst of the pistols only body-shot revolvers perform worse .
only redeeming quality is the extremely high dpm damage per magazine on the level of machine pistols but that 's not enough to outweigh the rather large downsides .
overall a pretty lackluster handgun one of the worst in the game .
highest ttk of all melee weapons against 20 of the 22 mercs currently in the game against all mercs that do n't have 90hp and even against 90hp it 's beaten by the katana and reduces movement speed .
melee weapons rarely dictate loadout choices but if all other parts of two loadouts are equal then choose the one without stun batons .
does having your uruks and ologs fight in the pit at there actual max .
recently just bought an rx vega 56 gigabyte card .
after installing the latest drivers while playing games or card underload the clock speeds tend to heavily fluctuate .
for example playing bf1 my card can fluctaute from 900 mhz to 1400mhz being all over the place while gaming .
its odd to me being so used to video cards staying at the overclocked speeds you set them at while underload/gaming .
memory clock speeds tend to fluctuate as well being from 157 500 800mhz .
i play with v sync but even with it off it still occurs .
weird when even though it does on bf1 my frames are much more consistent at 60 fps at the same detail level vs when using my gtx 1070 previously .
gpu usage fluctuates also nd i have temps at 60-70c after increasing fan speed
i view the realtime clock speeds/temps etc with msi afterburner osd
im not sure if this some driver issue ... psu issue having a evga g2 850watt on two seperate 8 pin connectors ..maybe a bad vega card ... a botttleneck ... or just how vega runs .
also when on google chrome when watching videos on full screen after i get off fullscreen my whole display turns random rainbow colors/discoloration..taking a min to go bck to normal .
i play on an 4ktv ks8000 at the momment .
dropped sometime this morning i can definitely see that he 's starting to dabble in more rap with less singing
on more than one occasion i have been able to see fish in the water but not be highlighted by the luminous dye .
a range between the max range of the spear and infinity would be nice .
can be contacted on here or on ps4 at duzell11
hello i am thinking about the possibilities of starting your own recruiting business .
recruiting tech people for companies that need good employees .
this type of business can also be formed into a consulting business where you coach and help people .
i am interested to learn the foundation of how one can start a simple online based business like this .
what are the very first steps to take to get customers and make it work .
do you have any experience in this or similar projects and ideas ?
the entire walk through the neighborhood i was shouting at my screen for them to kiss .
their where some fake outs along the way and i was on the edge of my seat the entire time .
i slammed that kiss button as hard as i could the second it popped up and i got more than i could ask for .
100 accurate picture of me during that scene https m.popkey.co/432368/0jwdd.gif
i am at a loss for words so i 'm just going to say thank you deck 9 and i know what i 'm drawing this weekend .
guys i need a place where i can order came mint flavor .
the account has julia ike and camilla and i just really want a hector because ive been rerolling for so long
as the title suggests i 'm considering giving my m2.0 the red dot treatment .
should i just skip all of the other nonsense for the rmr or should i be considering the leopold and vortex dots ?
just like the title i am wondering if matchmaking algorithms have changed .
recently games appear to be quite all over the place .
i am typically high gold/low plat but i find myself to be in games with players who to me..play more like silvers .
i am not complaining but seems a bit unfair .
never fun playing a game where you dominate the other team or vice versa .
first sorry for the long post but i am genuinely bugged by this .
i am a huge fan of halloween and all the scary dumb disgusting movies that are played on tv every october .
this was my first time seeing this movie ... .
i normally never watch a movie for the first time on cable all the good parts are edited out !
but i just got home from a business trip and am too tired and lazy to care .
cool plot great transitions and characters blah blah blah .
but what the was up with the ending ? ?
yeah so the kids that drowned in the bus got their revenge on the bus driver .
but one big thing was n't answered for me ... how the hell was rhonda special '' girl in the witches outfit and the little undead kids connected ?
when we first see her she comes out of this creepy house with all the pumpkins in the front yard .
we find out later that house is actually gross old bus drivers house and somehow she or whoever put those pumpkins there .
then in the rock quarry she watches the undead kids basically slaughter those tweens .
then she passes by the creepy pumpkin head kid with barely a glance in his direction or maybe they locked eyes i ca n't remember .
so how tf was this little who i ended up thinking is awesome girl connected to those kids ?
maybe watching it on cable some parts were edited it out .
warned you i liked dumb scary in this case scary-ish movie ...
i was a teen at that time and flirting with the idea of being bisexual so the cute girls in it helped .
anyway chris pratt plays roman the police cadet who megan fox 's character banged and therefore had to miss flag practice and sit on a bag of frozen peas .
and i am generally really good at faces and voices .
edit 1 i realize i did n't explain my main question about rhonda well .
i understand the part about disrespecting the holiday and all that and that 's why some people got massacred .
how are rhonda and the undead kids that drowned in the school bus connected ?
why did rhonda walk out of the old mans house ?
sure she respects the holiday and does all the right rituals '' and that 's probably why when she sees pumkinhead kid he does n't go after her ... but what 's up with her being pretty sociopathic and always appearing around the undead kids ?
welcome to the daily general discussion thread of r/neotrader .
soon there will be a set of rules on the frontpage that will also apply here in the meantime as this forum builds itself as fast as possible .
just clicking on the home button to log on is slow .
it appears we may have overdone it with a recent very generous buff to drop rates in free packs and quest packs .
we 're going to revert the free packs change however we wo n't be doing too much to the quest packs instead we 're going to reduce the number of new quests per day from 2 to 1 so that players still get great rewards for completing quests .
according to our calculations the cumulative impact of free packs quest packs and level packs make our free rewards very competitive with other card games .
i was thinking it 's from civilization and its discontents but i 'm not sure .
random other stuff as adds or sold for your crates below
feel free to check the list or i can tell you if i need your item or not
give me a ballpark at least of what you 'd like for your item please .
her whole life hikari hanazono has been consumed with the desire to win against her school rica kei takishima—at anything .
he always comes out on top no matter what he does and hikari is determined to do whatever it takes to beat this guy ... somehow !
would it be possible to make a missile weapon that destroyed everything in an aoe when it detonated or was killed by pd ?
there are n't enough missile superweapons and i think it would be fun to have one that could be very powerful but also incredibly dangerous to use .
i 'm trying to get away from screw-mounted hard drives except the boot drives .
i 've seen reviews on some hotswaps not supporting drives beyond 2tb others completely breaking after days or more horrifying melting in place .
i have a raid1 scratch already setup in my workstation but they 're not in hotswaps neither my storage server with its raid1e 3 drives .
usually i dump everything i want to backup via a script to the scratch drive and grab an image .
meaning i have to offload any backups via usb/esata/lan .
i 'm asking for advice on the best 3x3.5 hot swap bay that supports 2x4tb and a 1tb for my workstation and 3x1tb for my storage server .
as you can see i already have a storage issue server already has another 1tb and ssd boot drive mounted elsewhere .
hopefully i 'll be soon upgrading it to 2x6tb in raid1 .
i would love to have a system of being able to pull the scratch drive and put it directly into my storage server for an easier dump and/or shelve it safely elsewhere need not worry about bitrot 3 month maximum .
here 's the kicker both my workstation and storage server needs the same size of hot swap bay as both only have 2x5.25 available .
the reasoning behind all this madness i have a lot of 1tb laying around as backups all manually done via usb/esata i much rather push in pull out .
issue we return parts to our vendor which takes weeks but qb still considers them in inventory .
this is a problem because we rely on accurate inventory 's for our sales and purchasing departments .
we can not apply a credit until it is accepted by the vendor so we need something to do in the mean time .
we are able to create pending credit notes for customers but not for vendors .
i might just be shit at googling but on the mercy me ep what does matt mean by this song is for dexter ? is it just for a fan by that name or for the tv show ?
looking for some simple projects to get more experienced in woodworking .
nothing huge and keep in mind the only thing i 've done thus far is build a coffee table and sand/refinish a sewing table .
i do n't care how small the project idea is but i 'd rather ask you all instead of sitting and endlessly googling .
i want to hear from the community how you guys got started .
i 'm going to be at twitchcon this weekend .
if there is anyone who wanted to meet up at some point i 'm always down to meet some of you .
i 'm practising typing for an upcoming interview and just realized i no longer have the book that goes with my keychamp software .
does anyone know where i may find it online/for free ?
i already purchased the product once and am hoping not to have to buy it again just for the book .
i have currently only watched the first four episodes .
can you please tell me what i can expect without any spoilers .
for example a good reveal bloodier kills new characters .
so far i am loving the series and cant wait to see what happends next .
im just sad that my favourite character got killed off in the end of episode 3 ... ... 😟
peacekeeper and gladiator are out of control and are near impossible to deal with .
but it 's easy to see why people abuse the shit out of these characters .
sell him out to big sal and side with him .
then i realised he planned to attack the strip bigger prick .
i umm did n't think about it too much at the time so i kept going with the game and then thought hours later 'nah nah i 'm gon na do something about this . '
realised my last save was hours and i 'd lose a ton of progress by reverting .
is there someway to undo it or are some poor gamblers going to kick it before house can intervene ?
you know compared to yang and raven meeting i actually have alot more interest in seeing ruby and raven interact instead i mean i want to see raven and yang meet as well but still .
like she probably knows that ruby is yang 's half sister and her step daughter .
she barely even shows motherly instinct for yang so i really want to know how she will act towards ruby given that she is her formers lovers other daughter with her other teammate..
this also brings up the issue of why she does n't really care about yang in the way a mother should especially since it seems like the way raven was talking about her tribe family is all that matters to them but that is a different discussion for later
but i wonder how raven feels about it and how her relationship with summer was ...
it was said that raven practically broke the group up but im wondering what issues she had with the group ...
did summer and raven have issues over taiyang like some sort of love triangle ?
i dont think that alone would be enough to break the group
or maybe raven wanted summer to join her with the bandits cause she had silver eyed power a great asset but summer did n't want to .
or maybe she felt that they were weak or something in regards to their beliefs ...
so what issues do you think raven had with the group ?
how do you think she will react to ruby if they meet ?
and what theories do you have for how she broke them up ?
so i hate running back and forth in irenicus 's dungeon to complete this quest so i skipped it .
now any time i 'm in a dungeon say the lich area in the sewers or firkraags dungeon any time there is a pile of empty bottles or vases on the ground there are about 8-10 genies standing there waiting for me to walk by and say hey i have an item for you hurr hurr '' .
this is extremely annoying because for one i do n't give a shit about the item and two i have to click through the dialogue for every single genie standing there all at once which takes several minutes .
my question is this after you deliver the acorns to the dryad queen where do the dryads go ?
the dryads from irenicus 's dungeon were unable to interact with when i turned in the acorns in whispering hills so i could n't get the genie flask there like i had planned .
the following post by prevelly is being replicated because the post has been silently greylisted .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
there are so many peoples pooping on ios 11 and i 'm just curious which problem send like something you 'd find on an android phone .
for me it 's the now playing lock screen .
rarely works gets confused if i watch a youtube video or listen to a podcast .
it feels so much like something i would have a problem with on some of my old android phones .
i googled a bit and there is no weapon compendium for elex this far .
i think we should try to make it ourselves and then various wikies could take this from us .
but for now i would be very grateful if someone would tell me is there sniper rifles in game rifles with scopes automatic rifles pistols ?
all i saw is those cleric energy weapons various crossbows\bows\harpoons ?
and a grenade launcher and a shotgun never saw it but i know it is here because i found 20 shells for it .
what earliest and least demanding fire\laser weapon in game you saw .
we all know that rebels has a much much smaller budget than clone wars ever had .
but it still bugs be to this day that the art style in rebels lacks so much detail and content .
honestly how many empty deserts have been used in the show so far ?
feels like half of the series is spent in bland deserts and the other half in colorless corridors .
it 's all just so dull compared to clone wars which was full of beautiful cities lush jungles forests glaciers and so on .
i ca n't imagine rebels would ever revisit coruscant for example because they probably could n't afford the vast scenery we saw in cw .
if not i guess it 's going to get annoying not being able to use that spell .
note i 'm trying to download and seed the torrent .
this summer i went on a little cruise in the canals between nantes and brest in bretagne france .
walking along the canal i saw the prows of a row of overgrown boats peeking out of the treeline on the other bank .
a long detour through goat pastures brought us there .
i am very curious as to what they are .
feel free to look at the images and give any knowledge you have .
they are riveted and all are missing the aft section .
trees have grown through/around them earth partly covers their bottoms but the metal show almost no rust they 're in very good condition .
we counted probably 14 original boats 12 remained 2 had been removed .
the metal felt unusually lightweight and undamaged by the elements my first guess was aluminum but i doubt that if they were made in the early-to-mid 1900s expensive .
they seem roomy shallow robust perhaps a sort of canal or landing boat .
the final image in the imgur link shows the best match i managed to find while browsing the internet a french pre-war military river boat but i only found that one image of one of quite old quality so it is hard to make certain matches of features on the boats .
the location is here very close to the lock that connects the vilaine river to the canals .
i pre-order destiny 2 on pc and soon i will be able to play it .
can you tell me some tips and advice how to start the game ?
hi all this is my first post on reddit !
i 'm brainstorming an item for one of my players currently level 3 soon up to 4 i 've homebrewed plenty of magic items for them although they currently only have 1 magic item !
but have yet to give them any magic weapons as i 'm well aware of not wanting to unbalance things .
the first weapon they 'll likely be finding is a magic dagger the sorcerer/rogue is feeling a little impotent which will have belonged to a long-dead goblin king .
heartseeker magical weapon critical hit on a 19 or 20 on a critical hit wielder may use his/her reaction to deal an additional 1d4 necrotic damage the wielder is healed equal to this additional damage .
i have n't made it a 1 weapon intentionally for balance reasons .
it 's also not currently goblin-themed simply a weapon they stole although this is mainly as i struggled to come up with a nice thematic goblin dagger open to ideas !
goblin king 's dagger thrust the dagger towards a creature a glowing red copy of the dagger flies towards the target trailing a spiral of barbed red energy .
on a hit it deals xd6+dex mod necrotic damage where x is the number of charges used .
if a 1 is rolled to hit resolve the attack against the wielder .
holds a maximum of 3 charges regains 1 charge when a regular attack with the dagger reduces a creature to 0 hit points .
i prefer to keep my os and programs on my c drive ssd games music videos pictures etc .
so i do n't want to have minecraft in c ¥users¥***¥appdata¥roaming .
is there any way to install minecraft in a different location say d ¥games ?
also is there any disadvantage to not having minecraft in c ¥users¥***¥appdata¥roaming ?
the reason something like the infested should be so terrifying and revolting is the same reason that the thought of having an earwig or botflies should make your skin crawl .
the body horror of having something inside you is what makes these things unique .
why is there no grineer that 's had its spine torqued bent over backwards shooting at you ?
why are there only a small handful of infested enemy archetypes ?
are they just a relic of a design thread that was cut a long time ago ?
they do n't really seem to fit at all with the direction warframe 's lore has been going in since the operators .
like it 's been a while but why can we not isolate the infestation immunity from the clan in the glast gambit and farm that shit out to the galaxy ?
use of flex pcbs has become a common practice in industrial and commercial circles .
the reason is that use of flexible circuits for electrical and electronics connectivity renders some pronounced advantages for the end users .
these circuits can be flexible rigid flexible boards single layer dual side or multilayer .
i was wondering if anyone here could recommend a new wireless router or if they had a solution to help make my router more functional .
asus rt-n56u i think or it could be a previous generation .
they are usually connected to two computers mobile phones and a nas storage device .
the computers and nas are all connected by cables .
at least one of the computers will be working off of files on nas device .
at least one of the wireless devices sometimes as much as three will be streaming media from the nas or youtube or similar online streaming video .
every so often it has been hard to predict with certainty but it occurs more frequently when there are more devices streaming media .
i have n't noticed it happening with the wired connections but with the wireless it will drop the network completely and will need to be reset to connect again .
i believe the problem is routed in the router not being able to handle the load from so many devices .
any thing i can do to properly diagnose the problem
i know it will never happen at least not right now but what if batman did appear on the show ?
since they name dropped him in the latest episode its safe to assume that at least bruce himself exists and so does gotham .
so just a what if '' scenario where cw gets the rights to batman how would you put him in an episode ? ?
in my mind i would want it to be a two parter and i would cast brett dalton as batman make him younger having just started as batman recently .
i dont know who i would cast as alfred but any middle aged british actor who does tv would do heck get someone from game of thrones .
i would have the plot be batman comes to star city searching for a villain lets say black mask and black mask has hired bane and a lot of mercenaries because he wants to sell weapons to terrorists .
then have him and green arrow team up to stop them .
im tom im one of the high ranking members from capital rp im here to inform you that we are recruiting for a brand new fivem server .
it is an australian based server with australian car and uniform styles to of course with that out of the way.. we are a serious rp server that is somewhat trainer based we take roleplay serious and breaking the rules can lead in serious consequences or removal from the community .
we are a group of mature and respectable people who wish to take gta v rp to the next level down under we enjoy what we do and will continue to provide for those who wish to join us .
since late d1y3 it takes me exactly 15mins to get from the press x '' screen to my characters in both games .
i do n't need the usual advices like update everything open ports check nat check isp etc .
that 's all fine on my side and destiny is the only game across all my systems ps3 4 xbox 360 one and pc which makes trouble .
does anyone know what i could do in order to log in faster .
it has to be something on my side i guess .
got a good thing going with just one woman ?
how 's it going for you fellers out there ?
looking to transfer some of my n64 zelda save states from my rpi over to my new android shield and was curious where the save state location is on the shield .
correct me if i 'm wrong but ca n't i copy the save states from my rpi3 sd on to a usb and place those in the retoarch n64 save state location ?
i mean if they could only build tanky items which top laners would that be most ideal for ?
hi guardians i hope you all are doing well .
trials being postponed highlights an issue that has been bugging me for a while bungies lack of foresight .
at the time of writing this it has been about six hours since the twab came out depending on where you live it was already friday when the news hit you .
if i remember correctly the emote glitch became common knowledge last weekend how is it that bungie has waited almost a whole week to let us know that they where going to skip this trials weekend and the next ?
ca n't imagine that the decision was made last minute and if it was that 's also an issue .
feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong here guys but i feel a lot of the server maintenance where also announced very last minute .
this this lack of foresight and/or communication skills really makes me feel like bungie does n't respect the fact that i need to plan ahead in order to play their game .
this seems especially contradictory since the game itself seems to cater more to casual players than hardcore players .
just to be very clear this is not about the fact that a glitch must be removed from the game .
it 's about the fact that bungie for some reason decided that it would be best to wait until the absolute last minute to let us know .
feel free to let me know if you think i 'm overreacting or if i missed something .
bungie how can you respect our time so little that you wait until the very last minute to let us know about this and other changes to your game ?
we want to get just as excited as you are about your good news !
i was talking about fever dreams with a colleague of mine we are both animators and how it 's very cool if an animation can capture that feeling .
i was reminded of an animation called in '' i think it 's german or scandinavian from the early 2000 's .
it depicted weird organic 3d lifeforms hopping around in a strange organic factory almost the inside of a body .
it was combined with a live-action camera zooming through a mossy forest floor and diving into pools and ended in a live-action hospital room .
now you might understand that it 's extremely difficult to google such a title .
does anyone here know the animation i 'm talking about ?
attention battlefield 4 classic mode lovers on the pc why not join us for our weekly friday night closed server event league of death going since bf2142 2100cet 2000 uk time jump on our teamspeak ts.deadfriendsgaming.com 30mins before hand to meet the other players and secure a place .
if you want more information about lod or joining please contacts us here or via the below links
if you want to play with the community during the rest of the week then you are welcome to jump and join in the fun .
or simply type defr '' within the server browser remember to remove your filters
password to only be given to players on teamspeak 15mins before game time
3 maps 1 round each vanilla generally although if everyone agreed dlc maps maybe used
no high roofing roof only accessed via beacon is not allowed
no lift use you can access any roof which has a staircase or ladder
no specific rule everything is allowed except the general rules .
this is a fun event players have the right to play without being insulted
base raping base camping are not allowed please play fair
all chat is not be used unless reporting a rule breach .
during the maintenance i was messing around in freeplay and went to see if the season reward rocket trails were available yet and they were so i set the silver one to match my car .
upon doing so it immediately froze my game and would not alt-tab or minimize .
it took me force restarting my computer to close it .
or i do n't know maybe chad was added to the list because of a large isis presence which it appears are the folks that pulled off this ambush .
we 'll be there after his sister 's engagement party .
title doing the dab in the hood very funny gone wrong gone right gone left gone sexual got shot cops called
i wonder if this is what some german citizens said when they saw hitler and his nazi group starting up .
they could give her short hair for all i care but i really wish it did n't look almost exactly like leona nem 's hair especially cause her general design is reminiscent of it .
this might be one of the cases where long hair would 've just helped her standout .
she might remind him of someone he used to use drugs with .
my bet is on a wife who either od 'd or killed herself .
i agree but i 'd rather he know this now so me maybe reconsiders before wasting a lot of people 's time only to fuck himself over in the end .
i do n't know what the hell ss were thinking .
there was literally no reason to change the xai/sensei shape .
i 've been wanting to post me too and despite the fact that i 've usually had no trouble actually sharing my story this time i ca n't even vaguely admit to it .
i had a few bad boyfriends i guess because i was never raped per se that i just do n't feel like i can own me too .
i feel really detached from those experiences at this point too because i 've been doing so much better .
if i catch myself about to say a word i know the other person does n't know i 'll just pretend that i do n't know if i used it correctly
well first off nexus is not bitcoin and never was .
it is not a fork but was build practically from the ground up
and with this statement you destroy any credibility you might have had .
we have a cook type in kendricks but our coaching staff likes to trot out inferior players .
ebird has a wealth of free data for locations of breeding and migratory birds .
you could overlay with habitat type compare locations by season or maybe look for patterns that coincide with habitat loss/fragmentation over time .
if the defense was capable of getting turnovers this year they 'd be a lot better .
idk the numbers but from a points against standpoint i 'd think they 're much improved compared to last season .
you need to take into account the offense put them in bad field position a lot during that four game skid too .
its really difficult to judge that because by saying that he might call with a weird hand that 3-bet me light his ts and we dont want that well i dont personally .
now called the benjamin p. grogan and jerry l. dove federal building u.s. rep. frederica s. wilson d-miami was credited with pushing naming legislation through congress in four weeks that was signed tuesday by president barack obama in time for friday 's ceremonies .
wilson truly did the impossible and we are eternally grateful ' fbi director james comey said . ''
so where are all those people saying he 's not going to be a star ?
as it should be '' come on we are trying to move on from tv to streaming services and eleague is going fully backwards
it 's like asking someone why they measure their bench press mile time work performance etc .
luckily we all watch anime and your damn right cute things are cute
i have soooo much stuff i need to eat before it gets bad but i still have a horrible need to buy a week 's worth of things
i feel like one day i woke up and the whole world was talking about the plup club lol
yah they also build nets around buildings because they ca n't spare the people to keep that thing running .
it 'll implode on its own and when the time is right we will give them that extra kick off the ledge like we have to the communists before .
the worst they can say is no which they wont .
well the actual worst they can say is the owners have decided not to renew the lease '' and op needs to find a new place to live .
i ca n't even hate on the lakers because their team 's less garbage than mine
i 'm like actually really glad i get to say that
accessing an unfamiliar mental state which you 're unable to understand well and cope with can lead to bad things .
this can even happen for example when one is constantly stuck in thoughts and not familiar with being in the present moment .
well i can assure you that i am innocent on all counts .
now if you 'll excuse me i have to tend to mother .
my family is landowner zamindaar for last 800 years and its one of the most blissful way of living in the asia .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
once you get the mods for it try to get 155 power strength und as much duration as you can .
they think the trump era could be a goldmine for the show .
this is honestly the funniest comment i 've seen all week .
i used a pink roxy bag and a pink jansport bag .
the only people who made an issue about it were old people relatives
but you have an amazingly sexy voice and i would listen to you read the dictionary ... 😜😜
was at the 2004 pga championship at whistling straights and was sitting in the bleachers at i believe the 12th hole .
all of a sudden i hear a mind if we sit here ? ''
sure no problem '' as i look up and it 's donald trump melania don jr. and vanessa .
trump plops down next to me and says great day for this huh ? ''
we exchange a bit of small talk and him and the family takes off after about 10 minutes .
still have no idea why he was n't in a luxury tent somewhere but it was pretty cool .
also you can watch fumoffu as stand-alone comedy without prior knowledge about the series .
fyi my commute when i can be arsed to do it is 19km in about 50 minutes along the torrens bike track .
i have a flat bar road bike so it 's fairly light and quick if i give it a bit .
the return trip from cbd to ne is a bitch after paradise given it starts uphill but otherwise fine .
til i take my 50 chaos resistance the broken crown i use for granted .
likewise when i do play with my friends we usually start on day 1 at most 2~3 days after wipe .
if your base has been raided it has already been compromised .
you can reuse it a little but its highly advised to not live in there anymore .
a small hidden base has a lot of value after all you ca n't get raided if they ca n't find you .
i would n't mind seeing an episode of comedians in cars getting coffee with nick offerman as the guest .
it 's not outside the realm of possibility since he 's very popular and technically a standup comedian .
tacked on multi player has been pretty standard for over 20 years tbh .
i was drinking with my good buddie 's gf and some other friends .
my buddy in question flaked on the bar night so his gf was taking the opportunity to dig into his friends about his past .
i unknowingly outed that fact that he was n't a virgin .
not a big deal normally but it unraveled a web of lies .
she did n't know when i would have free time to see her she knows it 's mid terms week
when playing with fabregas he has to cover the entire pitch when playing with kante he only has to cover like a third of it lol .
wow so throwing shit onto an opponent 's field is ok so long as it 's a tradition .
do n't get me wrong i think the fans today were classless shits i was just pointing out the double standard and how ironic it was that a tech fan weighed in considering tech 's propensities to litter onto other teams ' fields .
it 's a public institution and legally they ca n't refuse to rent out the space based on content of speech .
you are lying when you say public institutions forbidden by law to deny anybody who wants to rent space for any reason .
all public institutions have full discretion when it comes to how they control their private property .
if they want to ban people for no shirts and shoes they can .
if they want to shut the doors at five they can .
if they want do n't want to rent to nazis they do n't have to .
it 's not that bad with botw not nearly as much npcs as like say trails anything .
it 's also an open world game so you 're encouraged to explore and talk to npcs .
ran into weird al walking around downtown sydney near the opera house .
asked for a quick photo and he asked where we were from .
told him from the la area and he said of course someone from la would recognize him all the way in sydney .
he was n't disguised or anything but i did n't see anyone else talk to him .
you are n't failing if you 're still making millions of dollars
by rereading i mean i randomly open up the book in the middle and start reading different chapters .
it 's been forever since i read the whole book straight through .
in fairness you are talking about the probability of a statistically rare event for both countries .
he could n't a jumper to save his life but 12 pts 4asts and 5rbds 2 is n't terrible .
it 's 4:11pm and i am thinking about ninja sex party and dancing like i am about 89 of the time .
i want allowed to wear nail polish because she did n't like it it made her feel like her nails could n't breathe no i have no freaking idea how nails are supposed to breathe .
when i was a kid she would never buy me sandals that had a thong the piece that goes between your big toe and first little toe because it bothered her to wear sandals like that .
she was beside herself with despair when i bought myself thong sandals in high school .
i have a visible space between my big toe and first little toe .
i 'm not bothered in the slightest by a thong sandal .
i went to a pho place called pho than brothers and happen to run into ichiro suzuki the baseball player .
this was back when he was still with the mariners .
i wanted to approach him and ask for an autograph but i felt like it would have been extremely rude seeing as how he was dining with his family and friends .
for number 4 that 's generally not the case .
the flu vaccine tends to be one to cover everyone .
people travel frequently even if you are n't people from you community will be .
the cost of making an effective vaccine is less than treating an outbreak or having to make another flu vaccine like they did with h1n1 .
the point of having a flu vaccine is to prevent those situations from happening .
so including the strains that are more likely to spread is more important than the cost of each strain .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/testingsubbie if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's really unlikely that crashmailer is the problem ... that just uploads crash data when something goes wrong
believing that aussie mums who need the formula deserve it more than international students who are exploiting a loophole is n't collectivism .
perhaps this would n't happen if the basic essentials for life were n't exploited as commodities .
capitalism is the best and most successful system we have developed thus far but denying people the essentials of life not out of necessity but out of principle is its biggest flaw by far and urgently needs a solution .
i do n't blame the companies ignoring the laws of supply and demand is a big mistake .
i do n't blame the chinese either humanity did n't reach where we are today by not taking advantage of the situations we find ourselves in .
their oppressive regime caused this mess and the elitist pricks in our government are too out of touch and well off to be bothered solving it .
much much cheaper and you can get a high quality one at that price
i would love to help you but i 'm still waiting on jagex releasing for me a rainbow supernova smouldering combo th promo .
where all 3 promos occur on every key used .
a regular med star is 20k bxp on rainbow youd get 1-7 of them for 20k-140k bxp but as its super nova stars theyd all be worth 40k-280k bxp !
and add in those smouldering lamps in there ... oh i can see it 100m xp per hour .
does n't it just tickle ur jutsu zeck ? ? ?
does n't it just seem like mtx is the best jutsu there is !
here zeck try a sip of this liquor trust meh itll keep u living till monday .
and you can just forget all of this and be happpyyyy while the world crumbles around you
we are open to feedback about the time zones but there is never a great one for the whole world .
oh god i just realized their are two sets of logans and scotts .
that 's as neutral as it gets in the nfl .
gon na quadruple my pledge this year for those big beautiful kiddos 3
they can play better defense and outrebound the warriors and still score at a high pace .
only stayed in lots like that 3 times out of about 3 weeks .
the second was buying a penny stock that 's also biotech because that probably means they 're working on one thing and if that thing fails you 're screwed .
player whose hustle makes up for his lack of blinding talent .
we have been investigating reports of connectivity problems in oce .
one current theory is problems are stemming from damaged undersea network infrastructure .
to be extra clear we have never had a region where we did not have enough capacity to handle the amount of players for that region for any long period of time right around patching things can be bumpy we know .
we 'll be sure to post updates when we have detailed information it 's always a bit more complicated when issues are outside of our infrastructure .
very insightful video which gets really good around minute 14 .
i was fascinated by his theory about how the bpd makes initial attachment to love interests because they have emotions and then they sometimes switch over into npd mode as armor against abandonment annihilation fears .
my pwbpd fits this pattern extremely well and i was accused as being npd and my dad too ! .
hard to say in thinkbin hey an even mix of show me your tits '' and pics of penises.. mind you it 's not this account it 's one i only use for really bad issues with my depression
i have a german light for my dynamo hub it 's great for lighting the road but the beam pattern is absolute shit for visibility so i have to keep a small blinky on my bars as well .
seeing is great if you actually need to see the road but being seen by traffic is also pretty great .
look in the mirror and ask myself why i 'm doing it .
i run almost everyday on the same route and one day i saw a male and female professor running together there .
it was the most awkward hi i have ever said ahah .
check to see if center of tire is more worn .
i dream of those types of situations happening to me .
you should pay off your credit card balance in full before every monthly due date .
there 's no benefit to carrying a balance or incurring interest .
it 's the best bad option available to us and while it sucks it should be treated as a step in the right direction and expanded upon to make it work better for more people .
hating the aca is like having a goal of walking to the gas station at the corner of your street .
you walk 10 feet and stop and loudly complain that you did some walking and you are n't even at the gas station so clearly this walking thing is bullshit .
if anything he plunged it deeper into the abyss with his lies about wilson and his use of his own dead son as a political cudgel .
go see your dentist to get a mouth guard made .
someone else linked an abstract from a study that backs up my opinion .
my mother actually saw terry fox on his run when she was young .
also fun fact schools in canada okay well at least in my hometown do a terry fox run '' every year .
it involves raising money for cancer and then some cross country running
masks is more of a social and drama-focused game though .
if u/nevermore98 is trying to play justice league instead of teen titans it might not be a good fit .
i 'd recommend savage worlds with the superhero companion because you can use the system for other stuff too and you can make characters easier than m m .
still you can use your points to make a charisma and skill-based character with mind reading abilities so who says you need to fight all the time ?
they are the google top1 to this search .to domain ''
yeah and even though i keep him forward he 's decent defense when i play ultra d if i 'm in the lead after the 80th min .
hoping he might get another if but i 'm not holding my breath .
and honestly he is n't selling for high enough right now that the coins are worth it to sell him for someone who has better stats .
like herrera on my team he just kind of fits the role i need him for at this moment .
just a note i have socal 's chocolate bentuangie and while it is pretty effective the taste is really bad .
of course it only really matters if you t w but i 'm not sure i 'll order this again .
me too but does n't that fan theory '' sound fun ?
yellow is my least favourite colour ... but it has its place .
lol says the guy who was in office when the debt exploded .
she 's also drop dead gorgeous but she 's so talented that it 's almost an aside
going to play devil 's advocate honestly you ca n't really call them idiots .
a news went out that catered directly to their views and they ran with it not looking back .
that 's basically how all news is you ca n't say oh no wait my bad because by the time you do that and hit upload '' that initial report is hard truth to millions of people .
they 're not going to read astericks btw that initial report is wrong they 're too busy rubbing it to peoples ' faces saying i told you so .
can you imagine if there were reports that oswald was a russian assassin ?
i mean it 's definitely in the realm of possibility .
regardless of what other later reports say that lingering thought that oswald was a russian kgb assassin will still be strong and in the air and quite possibly still be heralded as the truth today if initial reports had said that .
it 's like inception it 's already too late that idea has already been implanted in the minds of millions of people regardless of truth .
in this age where you can reach millions of people from a single click the initial report is what counts .
we have n't opened up a trades channel yet though there has been talk about it .
most of the trades are facilitated in random channels as needed .
despite the gouging on economy beer 6-30 packs and all craft beer a lot of the bodegas will have specials on 24oz beers like 3 for 6 .
i have n't seen this in several years but duane read would occasionally have coors banquet 24oz for 99cents and we 'd just buy them all .
tbh i always liked his shooting for a third pair guy .
he just took fewer shots because he was probably trying not to do too much .
i see the conservative propaganda wing is in full swing .
dan rather did a story on a forged document and was forced to resign and publicly apologize .
all fox is doing is quietly issuing a correction .
i am so sick of the absolute lack of accountability to the truth with the republican party and the republican party 's allies in the media .
in this scam the guy can let the dealer flip over the top chip to verify since the 1000 chip is already under the 10 .
he does n't have to touch it on the wins
sadly this is n't going to get any better either .
modern print runs for most genre work are tiny compared to what it once was .
so if there are any modern gems pick them up now before they are lost to ebay .
level up your sh*t rider to lv11 then welcome to league
i was just a year younger than you felt similarly crushed and decided to go to sleep early in the middle of the game .
my dad woke me up in the 8th inning rally .
we stayed up the rest of the game and i remember going nuts when boone hit the home run .
i could n't sleep after because of all the adrenaline .
did you follow a specific training protocol for this feat ?
like something similar to what runners do to prepare for a marathon except with pullups ?
the trolling by the president has become so blatant and outrageous
he says it his supporters repeat it and at some point the opposition argues against it like it 's a debatable point rather than a total falsehood .
do n't you tease me like this cd ! !
it 's good to have kids if you want to have kids and are capable of rasing them .
sterling is n't bad for me but i thought zaha 's card looked really good for a cheap player thanks for the advice !
open air testing is more dangerous you have the possibility of flour and near certainty that more radioactive material gets spread around .
white hat and black hat are two different characters i think .
yeah read the comments on the who is your challenge crush they do it too lol .
there was even a comment like darrell can bend me over and have his way like it 's ok to say i guess but then do n't call men disgusting when they do the same thing .
also i do n't get why people are mad that people say jenna is better looking than jemmye it 's just a fact lol
do you have the 7-day or 14-day jr pass ?
if you 're going to go to hiroshima at least look into miyajima ... though my recommendation is still to focus on tokyo kyoto osaka and nara for the full 11 days .
if you only have 1 full day in hiroshima i 'd suggest doing the peace park and kure the yamato museum on the same day rather than splitting it into two separate ones .
what about doing day 1 kix to osaka day 2 osaka day 3 nara day 4 kyoto day 5 kyoto day 6 kyoto and evening train to hiroshima day 7 hiroshima kure day 8 hiroshima miyajima day 9 tokyo day 10 tokyo day 11 tokyo day 12 fly back to europe after lunch ?
you can stay in osaka while you travel to nara as a day trip and maybe even kyoto .
if you 'd really like to see an onsen you could maybe spend a day in hakone between hiroshima and tokyo or do arima onsen/kobe i guess .
i 'd try to focus on spending more time in specific cities though .
if you somehow do n't have anything to do on the 15th there 's a festival that day called shichi-go-san that you could check out at almost any shrine in the city .
is probation over when i get back from my trip ?
it is a known bug and qa is looking into it .
some have reported success simply by re-starting the episode .
or related to the second part of the halloween event ...
you know u wo n't be able to play against console if it comes out on console right ?
please be sarcastic ur letting me question ur stupidity atm
i 'm pretty sure they are n't going to sell these well because people are going to just buy an iphone or samsung phone .
but the overall experience pixel provides is the best android experience for me personally and i like it .
there are many dips to buy in all sorts of asset classes
your post has been removed as it looks like you are asking a simple question or looking for feedback .
all simple questions must be asked in the '**simple questions ' thread stickied at the top of the subreddit .
if you 're looking for feedback the '**outfit feedback ' threads are posted at 12pm edt on mondays thursdays fridays and saturdays and at 10pm edt on tuesdays .
if you feel that your post has been removed incorrectly please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/malefashionadvice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/malefashionadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't get after them for liking it i get after them for pretending not to like it .
you are all beautiful people and i 'm continuously blown away by all if your compassionate acts of kindness for our team .
sometimes decedents need to be left exactly where they are for several hours .
evidence needs to be collected the scene needs to be documented and accurate measurements are taken .
though being they were in a public it is odd for them not putting up a barrier of some sort for public eyes .
i do n't order from ebay often so i 'm not really sure .
you just described my dad pretty well and his name really is kevin .
why have you let this go on for 2 months ? ?
definitely get keto chow for one meal per day .
you can bring enough heavy cream for four or five meals .
all these whiny hunt owners seem to forget he 's done most of his damage in the second half of games .
the internet is full of videos and pictures of the event .
have you seen a single example of a gun shot wound ?
yes i would lick and tease and suck that perfect pussy for hours and hours make you cum again and again .
i 'm okay with a couple on the ultra live stage lineup ... definitely not the mainstage though .
putting someone like dj khaled on the mainstage like edc did at the circuitgrounds stage this year is asking for trouble .
i do n't really want to hear rap at an edm festival .
i 'm not a rap fan and it takes me out of the set a little bit when a dj drops into a rap song .
i do n't like when djs bring out rappers either .
carnage 's set last year was ruined by the rapper circlejerk .
the crowd was going crazy when he dropped those hardstyle and hard trap bangers .
then he brought out rick ross ilovemakonnen khaled and wiz khalifa because ... ... ? ? ?
same thing with dj snek this year with future and aoki with 2chains .
the only time i can remember it working was hardwell back in 2013 when he brought out lil jon and that only worked because lil jon only came out to hype the crowd up .
if there are going to be rappers on the lineup they should be at the live stage .
past results do n't really matter much for a franchised league though at least not as much as a team 's financial stability since all orgs essentially have a vested interest in the others not failing .
and the sound of neurons screaming out in agony as the brain freeze hits ...
oh i was n't aware that ssm and global warming left .
i thought you meant literal left as in fiscal policy not socially liberal .
we live an ocean away from europe and have no intentions of living closer but we will show you guys some fancy rockets
from when that list was shared here back in march see the first thread
everything is up and running and windows is installed and done ... time to unplug from the wall cable manage and then put it back in for good
heavily debating getting a dog but not sure if i 'll be able to feasibly do that really want to though
i asked this same question and both said yes .
illinois wants an email request to review after submitting and asu has a bubble item in their actual app .
getting to eat real food after a long backpacking trip .
i was with the boy scouts 14 days ate nothing but dehydrated food every day .
got back to base camp and had a real meal sploosh .
and this is completely off topic but this mindset is exactly why pushing for more gun laws wo n't work .
if the law is unjust people will take it into their own hands ... ''
your post is missing the details required by rule 3 .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules in full and make the necessary changes by editing your post .
then reply directly to me so i can review it .
holy fuck code geass is my absolute favourite anime .
if your parents are very strict christians you can point them to the bible versus requiring long hair on women .
from the wording in this interview it 's quite clear it 's about the force awakens which the job eventually went to j.j. abrams .
yeah we 'll just have to see what happens .
it does n't look good right now for sure .
my freshman year of college 2012 i lost a paper wallet to a break-in that is worth well over 100k now .
guess i feel safer in the digital world even though it is less so .
man there 's a reason no one has taken your offer l o l
my problem with this is the collective system '' you refer to as a means of controlling production .
presumably there are people deciding where this production goes people who have power over who gets materials and who does n't .
i had some rude comments and one bad experience .
i had a handsome guy who initially did n't appear drunk ask to sit in my front seat .
the first 10 mins he showed me pics of his wife and 2 young daughters .
then he asked if i 'd pull over for sex .
i told him no that he had too much to drink and he needs to think of his daughters .
as i 'm driving he literally started shoving his fingers into my crotch over my pants but trying to push them in me .
i tried moving his hands so he grabbed my boob while leaning over and biting my arm/boob .
i swatted him away telling him to stop and he gouged at my crotch again .
he told me to pull over and said he 'd pay me well .
he was getting angry that i was n't complying and i was getting too scared to pull over because i was afraid he would force himself on me with how agitated he was .
he kept touching/grabbing/biting/kissing the rest of his trip till i stopped at his apartment and luckily there was someone outside .
i reported him to uber and they said they 'd deactivate him .
my point was hybrids are underpowered characters that require frenzy to get the much needed buff in damage that they need i do n't expect them to be gamebreaking i expect them to be good .
and what defines good is frenzy or high nad output .
it 's not like frenzy is some kinda rare skill that 1 in 10 chars gets we 're getting 1-2 sometimes even 3 chars with frenzy on banners throughout this year .
these midrange characters set the bar on what 's decent vs what 's mediocre .
i 'll even quote myself in one of the other comments i made
if kaien had frenzy he 'd be as good as iba .
if tla rukia had frenzy she 'd just be like mila rose with less bruiser and with freeze .
if fb byakuya had frenzy he 'd be as good as mind grimmjow if not somewhat better .
all the chars i compared to are n't top tier they 're good ones though .
and you know where these chars are at right now ?
and tt koga somehow is somehow shit when he 's easily a top tier ranged tech char and a top tier char in general ?
you realize the 5-10 seconds of difference in a solo raid where enemies have relatively low health in the first place does n't prove anything .
i can enter a level 10 co-op and one hit enemies with a 3 star character which makes all the 6 star characters in the game garbage because 3 stars are all weak as hell right ?
where character choice begins to matter like inheritance/ex co-op/pvp is where suddenly a bunch of chars are n't doing so good anymore i 'll let it slide for pvp since it 's garbage content to me .
i legitimately think you 're just trolling or at some kind of ridiculous level of denial .
it 's time to face it the hybrid experiment that klab has been trying for a year now has failed .
very few players use those characters actively in any content .
you 've replied to me in the before and i 've tried convincing you in the past even using the game 's own mechanics/formulas but you vehemently defend this based on feelings and irrelevant points .
you 've already proven how much you do n't understand all from that one comparison '' vid you put up that had different builds between two chars in a solo raid while trying to compare hybrid vs frenzy .
you had a joke of a comment saying people arguing that hybrids were poorly designed was somehow comparable to nazi germany .
sorry but i personally do n't believe your opinions are worth listening to anymore .
my dad and i saw whitney houston with her daughter and a few other ppl no bobby at the keansburg amusement park in nj .
my dad spotted her because he was a huge fan .
from what i remember this was 1995 i was 11 she was nice enough to talk to people and pose for a few photos .
i 'll see if i can dig the photo up of my dad and whitney !
i got one way back when ios came out to build apps on since you could only use xcode back then .
last year i had a shop put new tam and an ssd in there and gave it to my 7 year old as his first computer for his birthday .
i 'm not sure if you can read as you are failing to read my words that you are copying and pasting but i will try again .
penetration and range only matter in situations where you do n't know in which direction you will be firing and what will be behind your target .
it does not apply in situations where you are hunting an animal .
if you can not 100 guarantee that a fired round will hit a safe backdrop such as a hill or other natural barrier in case of a miss or exiting round then the shot should never be taken .
even if the warden were to miss the shot completely there should have never been a shot taken where this would result in hitting persons or property under any circumstances .
also lmao at your description of a city neighborhood . ''
did you see the picture of the lady standing in her yard ?
the kind that would make a safe shooting backdrop .
i can not describe how happy it makes me that russo has one hit this entire series .
without a doubt all of them have jerked off to that thought 😜
performs very well out of the box and you can upgrade it to your hearts content .
ah i see in that case it would prolly tag you if you tried handling it
heres a youtube video series by bitshars that got me starting down the rabbit hole .
at fist i did n't understand how the market pegged assets could possibly work but this video helps .
it might take watching this series a couple of times !
okey doke ... i 'll start off saying that i was quite a mac junkie .
had all the guidance possible from when i used to work at a department store would spend some dough and time there when i really liked their collaborations .
it made me love makeup more than i ever have and the cute girls there did n't hurt either .
fast forward to about maybe 5 years later from 2012 .
i have strayed from using makeup on the regular due to work monetary and life changes they 're not bullshitting when they say that depression is a silent killer just about all the advice has fallen out of my noggin and nearly every foundation/powder from there has since pissed off my skin except for the recently sadly discontinued lightful c tinted moisturizer in dark deep .
testing fenty beauty 370 but i 'm still on the fence in case of breakouts .
as a spooky/alt broad i like me some dark/off kilter colors on my eyes and lips .
but i need to figure out what 's best or at the very least find some proper liner that 's close enough to whatever weird shade on my lips .
for what it 's worth i have an older pic of me wearing matte royal on the trolley despite me knowing that the lighting is no one 's friend
i hate having garage doors but i can never seem to do anything better even with the little fluffy eye brushes as i worry about ruining my under eye with fallout and too much product no matter how many times i tap to get rid of the excess and my lids are rather oily .
also it appears that my brow game is over because they not only rebel even after a spool brushing i ca n't seem to fill them in evenly .
i 've been curious about contouring to up my game but i do n't wan na angle for a major mishap .
read do n't know where the fuck to start is it powders or creams and do i even need it ?
but overall i want to be proud of my face again because while if one eye 's bolder than the other it 's fine .
no one 's not gon na fuck you because your makeup is uneven .
do n't worry that 's what doggy style 's for . ''
is a funny quote i wan na stay motivated and keep learning more .
skincare is more of a priority but i would appreciate some makeup 101 help .
face fenty beauty 370 and mac studio finish in nw35 with mufe mattifying primer and innisfree no sebum mineral powder set with the mac fix in lavender will suck when it runs out love that smell
eyes lids are mac paint in bamboom apparently moved to mac pro fucking why i for the life of me can not remember if the liner is stila stay all day waterproof eye liner or mac boot black lashes are maybelline great lash have taken to the drug store route for mascara to avoid wallet ache due to throwing out mascara to stay on top of expiration
lips sephora universal lip liner thing used to use the mac clear brow wax stick to keep everything in line but that got discontinued too rip matte royal .
never realized how different it looks in the daytime but eh .
and yes i did get gussied up to go light grocery shopping at about 4 in the afternoon .
yeah its pretty much a wake-up call of now you got ta get your shit together . ''
how do i reply with a picture on reddit mobile ?
mine does n't have same great taste '' on it at all..must be the oldest bay
reminds me of when i went on a date the day after i got home from recruit training .
moku a male of 3 years is a mix of tzihtsu and herder .
molly his daughter is a mix too but i am not sure what her mother bread is .
and embulina 4 months old is the daughter of moku and molly world of animal is strange .
i have their pics but i do n't know how to submit it here can you tell me ?
article 155 of the spanish constitution says that if an autonomous community in this case cataluña ca n't uphold the spanish constitution the central government can take over the regional government until a new government that will uphold the constitution can be formed .
the whole problem is that according to spanish constitution any form of independence is illegal .
if cataluña wants to become independent the first step should be reforming the constitution .
i agree with that ruling so i accept how they arrived at their decision
creating 2 heroes of each faction is not going to be easy when everyone has already fused what they can
my favourite character is male robin my unit from fire emblem awakening .
it helped a lot with immersion and thanks to its amazing customization and really nice growths it helped me conquest my first ever lunatic playthrough where it was by far my most valuable unit
and having the title of dog trainer does make you credible lol i really appreciate it .
i will need to remember that first bit you said about being proactive sometimes i forget when i get frustrated .
hard to stay mad at a cute lil puppy of course tho !
i tried out the part you mentioned about stopping her from biting and it worked !
she still does it to my bf she 's actually biting harder now !
he spends the most time with her bc i work a lot and he keeps worrying about how she may turn out to be disobedient .
also my older dog finally really snapped instead of ran away from the puppy and now she was cautious/backed off the rest of the night lol .
yes puppies are monsters xd ca n't be upset with them though they 're too darn cute .
the title is more poetic and frightening than the pic .
the generations that push this look backwards and alienate the following generations who do n't suffer nostalgia .
secessionists are destroying their region with actions like this .
i 'm not even bothering to explain because it 's obvious
haha d that was a talk about grabbing the rope .
as always in life you need to manage the risks d so better understand them
not exactly a drug user in my family but an ex had two sisters overdose and die on heroin .
not sure what sort of builds you are using for the mages but if you want to pretty much steamroll everything i would suggest trying to spec them as summoning/support mages .
keep an eye out for the bone widow spell at vendors and get it when you can .
it has a huge amount of hp even after they supposedly nerfed it and is almost impossible to kill .
also once you get summonin to 10 the incarnate becomes an incarnate champion which while not quite as tanky as the bone widow does similar damage and is fairly tough especially with power and farsight infusions .
other than that just getting more abilities really helps .
teleport is good to have on everyone as it 's useful both for getting rid of annoying enemies for a turn or 2 teleporting annoying rangeds next to your melee murder squad or even moving your own guys around .
sky shot and barrage are good damage skills for huntsman and melee at least should probably have battle stomp and battering ram for cc'ing .
ilmeisesti kuitenkin sääntö-suomi asetukset ja oiva-hymynaamat ovenpielessä on karsinut pahimmat ylilyönnit ja piittaamattomuudet .
kaveri tuntee vähän alaa ja hänen mukaansa kesko on mennyt metsään kauppiasrekrytoinnissa .
etsitään yrittäjähenkisiä tyyppejä joilla kaupan alan tuntemus voi jäädä koulutusjaksojenkin jälkeen ohueksi .
yrittäjyys taloudellinen riski ja kaupan alan rakennemuutos voivat olla huono yhdistelmä pikkukauppiaalle .
keskon puolustukseksi sanottakoon että tammiston cittari on edelleen mielestäni yksi pääkaupunkiseudun parhaista kaupoista .
but muh bf 109 was so much better historically than the spitfire !
why does gaijin no give historical 3000hp bf 109 engine ?
what i heard was mostly informative which i found interesting .
the zelda conversation was a good way of describing why people might have an attahcment to the game and what is satisfying about playing even though it 's lacking alot og amings quality of life changes '' .
also that was the first time i ever heard a memory leak described before .
i 've never been able to do that even though i 've experienced it before .
and as we have several bands trying to carry the torch '' ... ..
who are those bands maybe we should help to spread their music out
but what about my loyalty points i need because else i wont efficiently be able to do bosses because jagex also created that flawed system .
i was watching chef 's table and there 's an episode with a monk who happens to make great food .
anyway she said she does n't use garlic and i almost dropped my drink .
as an amateur home chef i could n't imagine life without garlic just my tastes though .
i have n't flinched at a beheading video in a while but a chef saying she does n't use garlic shocked me .
to be honest i think both before and after are fine looking .
need to remember to check out some of his recent albums .
life in cartoon motion is one of my favourite pop albums ever .
edit it 's a dropkick murphy 's song about guinness not sure why the downvotes .
he said i was getting ready to tear in a place you did n't want to tear .
if it is a hosted server i would speak to them about licencing though .
they should be able to provide it to you on a monthly basis via their ms agreement which can work out more cost effective particularly if the user numbers change .
i have a couple of hosted rds for clients and the host provides all of the licences .
so my preferred combo '' is to e ... ..*impact*..aa w aa q aa
this way you get more brand value and done quick enough that using w before q does n't allow the other person to escape .
not set in stone for every hero but generally the default i usually take the talent that gives you movement speed if you 're facing your brand target too .
once i pick up the talent that lets q power the auto 's i 'll usually swap the order of w and q around at that point
but i think it can be easy to forget how advance tng was with its touchscreen panels in the late 80 's
it does n't look out of place today because it 's just considered normal now
marillion but the next i 'm going to out of choice is the prodigy haha
weinstein gets people oscars but it 's not like his movies gross more than 300 million or so .
most of his big ones do n't even make it that high .
there are producers in harveywood that regularly churn out crap that grosses 500 million to one billion !
stallone and schwarzenegger are friends a joint statement would have destroyed him .
clooney pitt damon are friends they could have done the same thing .
they give details on how to focus a build towards its specific role .
any particular reason you had to set them the same ?
usually you 'd leave outgoing to use random ports .
it 's the incoming port that is important to port forward test .
you say you forwarded it but never mentioned if you tested
you 'll want to make sure you are fully connectable to maximize your speeds and ability to connect to other peers in torrent swarms .
go through the checklist make sure you have all your settings correct .
you may also want to check out r/qbittorrent or the qbittorrent forums https qbforums.shiki.hu for topics specific to that torrent client .
make sure you 're testing with a known good torrent .
if possible try testing with a wired connection disable or disconnect wireless during testing .
this helps rule out any specific issues with wireless networking .
general stuff you can double-check when having issues with torrent speeds/connectivity
are you connected to a network that allows torrents ?
you would need a paid torrent friendly vpn r/vpntorrents or paid seedbox r/seedboxes to get around that see rule 4
are you using a vpn or proxy that is not torrent friendly ?
if that 's the case then you should get rid of whatever you 're using get a paid torrent friendly vpn r/vpntorrents see rule 4
for your torrent client test the client 's connection port with something like www.canyouseeme.org see if the test passes .
if it does not pass then you need to manually configure a port forward through your software firewall and/or network router .
if you find this is an issue you could try whitelisting your torrent clients in your anti-virus/malware programs see how that goes .
did you enable any bandwidth limits in your torrent client ?
1 kb/s will negatively affect your download speeds too .
try disabling utp in your torrent client see how that goes with deluge this can be a bit tricky see r/torrents/comments/51d7zg/question_about_utp_and_deluge_on_the_mac for other clients just look in the settings
in your torrent client make sure to set your bittorrent protocol encryption to prefer encryption '' or enable encryption '' not disable encryption or require encryption this will allow you to connect to more peers in the torrent swarm .
make sure to enable dht pex in your torrent client especially if you 're using public torrents this helps you locate more peers in the torrent swarm
double-check that your torrent client 's connection port is a number above 10000 or so .
in your isp router/modem check if you have any sort of flood protection '' ddos protection etc .
in your network router or isp router/modem check if you have anything like traffic shaping/qos enabled .
if so try disabling them and/or changing the settings .
here in my country the philippines women get equal representation in media as men .
it can even be argued by our language and culture that we are inherently matriarchal .
but we do consume a lot of western media .
it 's usually what gets more attention than our own content .
growing up as a child i was the same .
i watched cartoon network but there was one thing i hated disney princesses .
i hated having bags that have disney princesses on them .
i watched a lot of anime and read plenty of books .
i grew up then with a passion for creating stories .
i did n't realize until i was of college age of how difficult it was for me to write women .
i 've always found it easy for some reason to write in a male perspective despite being a woman .
i thought the same thing as you it does n't matter if it 's male or female .
but that inability to write women to feel comfortable writing them was something i overcame after actually reading into examples of female narrative the work of george rr martin a song of ice and fire .
the likes of sansa dany cat cersei they were n't role models to me per se and although they were bounded to the female roles because of the setting their stories struck me as something human not female or feminine .
and it was like a psychological block in me had been undone then .
though i was only a child there was a subconscious part of me that was n't convinced by the disney princesses .
i did n't relate to them i did n't see them in reality i do n't think they 're human and i despise being represented by them .
i hated looking anything like a girl because of them .
in a way i hated a part of my identity because of them .
by the time i watched wonder woman my eyes were already opened to this psychological block i had .
although ww shared the same traits of idealism pacifism and compassion as a staple disney princess might her story was convincing enough to make me believe that she is human .
then it did n't really become much of gender or sex .
a story is a story no matter what but just having the resources exposed to you makes a big difference .
when you 're surrounded by male protagonists and having only a niche collection of female protagonists who do n't feel human and yet are projected as feminine as the gender you are it feels wrong and stupid .
and i think the world suffers from the same block as i did why many still do n't have the confidence to bring a female as a main character why marketers believe that it 's because the audience as in gaming are male .
there 's the block that people associate by gender when in fact it is humanity .
although it is easy to say that women are just people so just write people as people there 's no need to focus on feminism blablabla actually creating that is psychologically difficult because of the environment we were raised .
when we want to portray women we really do n't know how because we 've only had choke full of resources where their tragic/romantic gender role is the only thing that defines them .
honestly healthy people are n't going to have empathy with fat people .
at some point it becomes an indicator of self-discipline and self-awareness .
i 'd understand if they people have anxiety at the gym that 's normal and people respect that .
basically nobody at the gym will judge you for being fat and trying to get in shape .
but not trying at all and being obviously ridiculously fat well do n't expect people to think you 're a victim or something .
i 'm talking about normal circumstances not ones of people living in food deserts or poverty
da quello che ho letto in giro stranger things è it senza pagliacci .
me too although after the second guy it occurred to me that the first method is how most people do it .
still impressed with both for some unknown reason after the first guy i was thinking most people would run on the log which is retrospect seems incredibly hard .
heads up to anyone that did n't actually read the article he 's being facetious in the title and the first paragraph .
jeg bliver da også selv ganske rasende når jeg hører sådanne historier også fordi jeg ved at det langt fra er alle disse historier der ender i en eller anden avis .
jeg bliver selv rigtig ked af det når jeg en sjælden gang ender med at hjælpe til i de små klasser jeg har mest 8.-10. klasse og de andre undervisere fortæller mig hvordan børnehaveklasserne og andre småkravl er blevet markant anderledes de sidste 5-10 år og at det bliver værre nu og da .
det er små vrede egoister og mange af dem er ikke det jeg personligt vil kalde skoleklar '' .
for mange af dem bor inde i deres ipads ...
2016/2017 var det første skoleår hvor vores administration eksempelvis var med til at holde hele 4 elever tilbage i børnehaveklasen da mn simpelthen ikke mente de var klar til at bevæge sig videre i systemet .
det er er problem derude og det kommer fra fattige '' skoler ikke-engagerede lærere og forældre der leger curling/egotrip med ungerne .
det positive ved at disse problemer snart er så komplet ude af proportioner er at man nu i større grad taler om disse problemer .
den offentligt latterliggørelse/satirisering af curlingforældre har faktisk også hjulpet synes jeg .
mange forældre er blevet bedre til at se situationer mere upartisk og tale om løsninger i stedet for bare '' at klage .
bare husk disse personer ender ude i samfundet blandt os andre og så længe de skal gå i skole kan det betale sig at investere i at der kommer glade sunde individer ud i den anden ende af systemet .
alternativet er at blive kaldt pikslikker '' af en eller anden socialt fortabt semi-analfabet nede i netto ...
mein liebstes schreibgerät ist der v-ball grip tintenroller 05 von pilot in blau .
ich schreibe auch gerne mit bleistiften oder füllern aber generell greife ich immer wieder zu diesem tintenroller .
hab mir gleich 20 gekauft ich schreib die recht fix leer .
or it could mean on a sunday night you 're dreading going into work the next day .
at some point lgb a-z d is going to be a better solution it seems .
c a l c i u m makes you s t r o n k !
they almost always have mc miracle or matumbaman win a lane and carry them into the mid game .
just google for exchange api and you will find it .
edit if your are programming something you could use this great exchange trading library as well javascript python php https github.com/ccxt-dev/ccxt
i feel like lonzo deserves a lot of blame too .
he has the power to tell his dad to shut the fuck up at any time .
lonzo did n't have to go along with the bbb bull shit he chose to .
because the current world order permits them to do that as long as its within the confines of legal processes .
i get your point and i 'm quite critical of some of their activities but if you have the view that the state killing people within the law as it does is exactly the same thing as people killing people then you 're suggesting that murder is just a viewpoint .
man am i glad i have 2b instead of a2 .
first they would have had to make that fg and the other one they could then have attempted later .
once they kick that fg instead of going for it the entire rest of the game does n't play out exactly the same way .
the steelers have different field position the score is different there 's a different amount of time on the clock .
they run at least one play differently or from a different part of the field and everything after that can easily change .
i would like to add that its counterplay '' not counterability '' or counterrelic ''
also a great view from the bridge by that ship at sunset .
not op but i 'd love to see what really nasty krenko looks like !
much easier to fill out a small frame and you look huge in photos
and my face is red for the first half of the day .
when you pop your shield again try and push it further forward than you think you need to your team will surely move up to take cover .
little 2-5 meter increments kinda make non flankers hold back with you .
they can be but that would mean getting the same gun in every crate because that 's the only way to make them all completely balanced .
yes it 's the most irritating thing that our city does n't cater to a tiny minority of commuters .
i 've been in game and following this sub for years .
first i 've heard of ppl asking for this .
as stated in the previous thread this divides an already small community needlessly .
plus it is really arbitrary who is able to qualify to have access .
not to mention nowhere are your credentials posted that gives you the right to judge a certain user worthy of this proposed subreddit .
yeah the man is one solid hit away from shattering his glass bones
she ran out of the tree and jumped on top of him .
sometimes i wish i could be in the mind of people with some of those more odd kinks just to know why .
but if they 're anything like marvel movies have been they 're going to be movies that i enjoy watching but half the time ca n't really give you a short summary of the plot 2 hours after leaving the theater .
imo it 's rather boring and it perfectly summarizes the sound of pnd 's last 2 tapes
and you 're mentality to use deejs endgame is friends '' bullshit as an arguement against them speaks volumes for type of view you have .
so i 'm not going to waste any more time .
so same as a key ring unless you keep lone keys
it 's like all they do is whine instead of actually trying to fix their own problems
i let it go brown to give my head a break from the lightening but i 'm about to go back now that it 's less damaged .
to crush your enemies see them driven before you and hear the lamentations of their women .
ok. lol lot of junk now so let me ramble off a few a see if u like anything .
there 's no guarantee they will graduate on time .
how do you know how long the strike will last ?
there are many programs that are only a handful of weeks and they could see their whole course lost .
instead of demanding refunds they should be demanding equivalent extensions of their programs to ensure they get everything they paid for and corresponding extensions of other related costs like parking .
algonquin is especially greedy when it comes to parking so let 's say your program is extended into 2018 the parking passes people have should also be extended or they 'll be forced to buy a new pass for 2018 .
at the moment both sides of the fight are refusing to talk to each other so who knows how long this will go on .
there 's just no way to say they will all graduate on time and many people rely on these short program schedules to fit into their work schedules .
that elbow has been ticking for a few seasons now and it has not exploded .
quite the opposite actually he has generally shown the ability to adapt .
and this playoff run will have someone backing up the truck to pay him .
i live in an old house the kind that there are always strange noises and weird shadows in .
the door creeks the light flickers and the kratom although i always make sure it 's kept neatly on the shelves always seems about to fall over when i go in there to get what i need .
oh the horror to walk in there one day and see a container fallen over wasted on the floor .
ailes o'reilly some other guy i ca n't think of his name all fired in past year for sexual harassment from fox news .
you would think the women would be uncomfortable casting such a wide net when their workplace is riddled with the same problem
i would think the matriarchy would be holding this story back shrug
christian white male conservatives are the real problem in the west .
i 'm attributing this to 1. binging last friday and saturday night .
it was just under a pound gained so i 'm not too concerned with it .
but it 's so so rare because almost no one plays it .
they have a sweetened vanilla that is like candy .
i would rather drink unsweetened than drink milk there is no need for humans to drink cows milk
it 's just one guys opinion man and em was capable of harder bars while still maintaining his message
farming it with double fuji legend doffy lao g raid shiki and legend shanks but you have to use your orbs wisely since enemies have tons of def
there is a reletivley small world of people looking at these spoilers .
what does affect a movie is the wom once the movie opens and reviews which are ok 'd from the studio anyways .
tell me there 's black and white video of this somewhere
when i cook something really good i grab my junk and snap my fingers all ghetto .
she always complains why i do n't act like that when she cooks .
as a reminder please remain civil in the comments section .
do not engage in trolling flaming racism or hate speech .
do not link to the source of this post !
liar or not harassing doxxing or brigading other users is not allowed under any circumstances and can even get your account suspended from reddit as a whole !
if you see a comment or post that breaks the rules please report it to the moderators .
this helps keep the subreddit clear of rule-breaking content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quityourbullshit if you have any questions or concerns .
it must be you brother u/everything06192017 reincarnated u/reallyangrybuddha i can sense your energy here .
it is a wonderful article i see the love i sense the power and the energy wings in the sunlight wings of freedom spanning it wings over shadow lands .
awe brother awe is what i sense feel am .
pat bev is the type of player i despise playing against in pick-up .
all those do n't guard me motherfucker '' are fighting words .
thank you for advice i have allelopathy gloves in stash just need to colour sockets i will buy 2 more grand spectrum jewels .
keeping an eye out for a 6 link body armour with the right colours .
did n't take mom because i thought i need more mana .
it 's only ever done as a you are n't worthy for me to put real effort into competing against . ''
high level sumo is a huge spectator sport involving several rituals before every match and if one competitor is seen as unsportsmanlike or otherwise not worthy they might have that sidestep called henka '' done to them .
it reflects badly on the one who sidesteps but the loser of the match understands why it was done .
do it more often than necessary and you wo n't be a sumo wrestler much longer .
at the end of the day you know how much you put into it .
credit or not you are taking that experience and knowledge with you they ca n't have it .
so take it back to your old job and turn it into something great !
it 's a good point you make on the you cant bring me down '' section hehe !
the song is loosely around self medicating and hence when i 'm up there you ca n't bring me down '' .
but i take your point and i 'll look into developing it .
off-topic discussion all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
please remember to be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback .
we 're sorry but your post is in violation of our rules .
you must include a buyout in the post body of every thread posted exactly as specified in this thread http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/2tdpzs/psa_there_is_now_a_buyout_feature_to unless there has been an exception made by the moderators for any particular reason .
please also take this time to examine our rules http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules for future reference .
if you intend to contact us about this action or any other ones please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety making sure to read through any relevant links and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means before contacting us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
i have viparspectra i 'd go back in time and buy a cob or quantum board grow light if i could .
they 're these discreet led 's on a piece of metal .
check out cree cbx3590 and you 'll get the idea .
quantum boards look like standard led lighting boards but they have the newest led technology and they usually have a customized spectrum .
timber grow lights uses the cob technology and horticulture lighting group uses the quantum boards .
they will last upwards of 6 years with very little degradation of light quality .
where kind viparspectra mars will all start dying in around 3 right when the warranty is up .
you can get around the equivalent of a 1000w hps bulb with about 600w on these leds .
and some one put couple of thousand ark on coss .
my boyfriend specifically chose to have a job that allows him to still take care of bills and stuff while maximizing freedom/flexibility .
it 's not a standard career he wo n't be rich from it but he loves it and i love that he has found his own way .
i find it very attractive to feel comfortable enough to pursue what he wants to do rather than what he should '' do .
he would probably talk with a slight hiss maybe extend all s '' a bit ?
and maybe have a bit of trouble expressing emotions because that 's what low charisma meant in pathfinder and whatnot .
he 'd still be a totally sentient and thinking and talking being though .
i know this is meant to be a knock about the mp and rightly so but seeing that little isetta just blast past you cracked me up .
also thank you for reminding me of the 928 gts existing in this game !
tell him it 's a bit surreal meeting him .
also owd you get the opportunity to drive him ?
my mother has a tendency to utilize the emergency key and do this while i 'm on vacation .
was drunk off my ass on bourbon street when i got the text are your dildos dishwasher safe ? ''
i 've never heard my mother utter the word dildo out loud in my life .
seriously if you can try doing some light gymnastic things .
it all started when i wanted to do cartwheels then i wanted something harder and i got into one hand cartwheels .
next thing you know i 'm learning handstands and trying front walkovers .
the laser step and death ray were so easy i could probably get through it in 4:30 with perfect rng .
my friend who has dc he has to use evade for the lasers like wtf .
although i guess it does make sense since i carried him through meph fight and gave him soul key in every map except attack ...
well personally i see the whole republican party as extremists with a few exceptions .
i also think trump hate gives us a good platform to push our message .
he 's doing things that even a lot of his supporters do n't like such as removing their healthcare or trying to deregulate wall street .
on issues like this sanders is the exact opposite of trump while corporate dems are n't that different .
there 's also of course the fact that corporate pro-capitalist dems led to trump .
so if people want to avoid another one we seriously need to start working on providing economic and social justice for everyone .
i do think the video of him opening it is pretty good ...
they 're doing the exact same thing over sgt .
in fact they 've been doing this since donald announced he was running .
it 's funny but for someone who is supposedly such a racist sexist homophobic facist bigoted nazi dictator the media always seems to have to lie about him to make him look bad .
wow it got all the way down to 38 ...
wow it went all the way up from 38 .. since june 2017
do you thing we will hit 60 before the new year ?
it 's not like the x will be superior forever sony will have an answer .
this post was removed because we only allow content to be submitted from gyfcat pornbot or imgur.com .
for further information on the rules please see the rules page here https www.reddit.com/r/porninfifteenseconds/about/rules .
if you think this post was removed in error i am just a dumb bot and all please message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fporninfifteenseconds subject message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porninfifteenseconds if you have any questions or concerns .
my friend 's daughter 's name is charlee actual name not a nickname .
the only thing odd about your story is that someone has the time audacity to complain about a perfectly normal nickname .
but still you can see which is the real ck like that .
it is n't about whether or not it passes it 's about lawmakers trying to harm women and their medical coverage .
it 's about singling out issues specific to uteruses .
it 's about a culture that does n't value women and does n't care about their health going to the point of actively attempting to prevent women from receiving healthcare .
so david cross did a southern accent implying that he was playing a character from the south and hence was an ignorant racist with no personal boundaries ?
there 's a word for someone who paints an entire group with the same brush .
maybe the op could help me find the word .
but they are n't and you ca n't undo the large numbers of existing cars that are n't .
looking for a list of units that can give break resist to their team or someone to name a few notable ones .
you see i was doing 2.25 and that 's probably why i was n't a pro
you can do everything you like until elements dominate .
also you can direct husks to a large extent .
i suspect the basic husks use time to calculate path both walking and smashing walls .
to get them to go where you want you have to make the walls on the short path stronger so it takes less time to walk around them .
how the fuck are you supposed to hold that thing ?
prince bill did n't strike me as the kind of man who would dance with a bear .
lol yeah the idealization can be really fun or just terrible i love to daydream and get lost in fantasy but when my expectations of how i want something to go does n't match up with how i idealized it it 's really disappointing reality so rarely does match up with what i wish would happen
hats a good question i 'd definitely want to be on the extroverted side and definitely thinking too just to see what it feels like lol !
i 'd probably want to keep the n too and maybe the p also so entp or hell i 'd even try intp
i forgot to ask do you mind my asking what you 're studying in college ?
we are trying to find him an interlock device for his car and i was wondering if you guys had any suggestions for cheap and reasonable companies to work with .
more skins nowadays cost 1350 instead of 975 due to quality and player interest concerns .
although i think they should allow more skins to be high quality but affordable being able to only buy one 1350 rp skin for 10 dollars is pretty nuts still .
that 's considerable amounts of money for just one skin .
skin sales that are personalized come around rarely through the years and even then they might not have what you want .
basically it 's either play the waiting game and buy two 1350 rp skins for 10 when they 're on sale or just buy one skin that you probably ca n't refund or test out without a pbe account due to only having 3 refunds .
things that add to the player experience significantly in some cases should n't be this pricey and i 'd say more rp for would be a good incentive to buy more things .
instead of applying to uiuc ea i 'll be applying rd .
demographics african-american male middle-lower class single-parent household live in mid-atlantic region .
academics 34 act 35e 31m 35r 33s 8/12 essay 760 math ii 700 physics subject test .
4.0 uw gpa 4.2 w maximum at my school is a 4.33 .
i 've taken three ap tests thus far ap calculus ab 5 ap us history 5 and ap english language 5 .
it should be noted that i accelerated from honors algebra 2 straight to ap calculus ab .
senior year courseload ap physics c mechanics ap calculus bc ap european history ap government and politics ap spanish language and culture various english electives .
awards cum laude society xerox award in innovation and it regional science fair 1st in cs state science fair 2nd in cs intel feeder 3 top 10 medals from state science olympiad one 1st place medal multiple model un best delegate gavels best delegate in every conference since 10th grade ap scholar with honor
extracurriculars president of model un 10-12 captain of science olympiad 10-12 president of black student union 9-12 president of coding club 11-12 founded a political discourse club 11-12 peer tutoring 11-12
subjective tedxspeaker participant in hackathons featured in popular online technology magazine provisional patent for my intel research submitted ai research paper to siemens did n't make semifinalist will be submitting to harvard journal of emerging investigators and jshs will occur after ea period invited to present at emerging technologies showcase in major city software development internship for fintech startup state coordinator for 2016 presidential campaign web developer for two political candidates i do freelance for others as well .
my main concern is my low act math score of 31 for schools like mit .
would this play a substantial role in the decision making process ?
i am new to bitcoin/electrum and i was wondering if electrum randomizes it 's sending address much like it 's receiving address .
if not how is it possible to do that for increased anonymity ?
i personally prefer zaeed and garrus or mordin in place of garrus i have a problem with switching it up because i love these guys the most
i recent upgraded from a 950 to a 1060 gpu .
sadly my psu is a six pin while my new gpu is an eight pin .
i just ordered a pcie converter for a quick solution to my problem and will be upgrading my psu with my next paycheck .
any suggestions on what i should choose for my next psu ?
what wattage what kind of connectors should i be looking into ?
in a nutshell i 'm 27 have n't had a real job since i was 20 have been in the sex industry in a low-visibility capacity .
i 've realized i do n't want to think about how i look for the rest of my life but that i 've made my bed and i 'm stuck doing this forever because i 've no idea what else i could do as a career with a degree in english .
i have adhd anxiety both of which factor into my initial decision to continue ‘working from home ' .
i had to stop my medication right after graduating from college because it was literally crippling my body .
i did n't think i 'd be able to land or make it in a real job without medication so i just kept on doing sex work i was n't burnt out at the time so it seemed like a fine idea .
i started working full-time in an office when i was barely 16 i was good at it i 've been good at every normal job i 've had but they 've all been relatively brainless .
i have a degree in english from a nice university i graduated cum laude i had a good internship .
i know this gives me options but none of them seem possible .
seems like i dug my hole and now i ca n't climb out .
i 'm the first person to graduate in my family i feel like i 'm fulfilling my lower-middle class destiny despite all the debt i incurred in the name of upward mobility .
all that debt some other financial issues make the possibility of returning to school slim to nil .
i know my major is not as useless as people say it is but with such an employment gap feels like i 've missed my opportunity to make it work for me .
my only marketable skills are my high eq my ability to write a complete sentence .
i guess i 've done a lot of sales but i 'm worried my adhd will make it difficult to work in a job that requires me to be social i 'm bright but i 'm also like a kid hyper talk in circles impulsive etc .
writing this out only makes things seem more bleak .
i probably ca n't work with the general public .
are there possibilities left for a girl like me ?
can someone tell me does zavablahblah 's engram drop nameless midnight ?
i hoover over the engram and preview it does not show nm in vanguard loot drop .
i do not want to create a second character and go through story mission ...
if zavablahblah vanguard engram is the only source to get nm that is the only reason i play strikes .
it 's fun and it 's quick but i do n't see the point playing it in the long run .
trying to find a korean bbq restaurant that has outdoor seating which allows dogs .
looking for something in or around the pasadena area .
i 'm attracted to the extremely low price 1200 including all meals and your room and the general vibe but would love to hear your personal experiences if you thought it was a good training if the location was nice .
i 'm not so much interested in being prepared to teach as doing a lot of yoga and exploring the more spiritual side of things .
austin theriault will clinch the title as soon as he starts the race .
thank you for joining us tonight and all through this year .
i just got a used kmp9 today and the gun will only fire once and then not again until i push the bolt forward a bit .
is this just a guide rod spring that i need to replace ?
or is there something else i 'll need to do ?
name 's apparently giordana freeman '' ca n't find anything but this video for that name though .
i was unable to sign up for nhl.tv their web site says my email address is already in use but their password reset says no account with my email exists so i decided to try nhl-streams .
the sign-up for nhl-streams sends me to playkull.com which is a movie and gaming web site .
the representative from playkull.com said that nhl-streams.com should not be directing me to their web site .
right now i 'm wondering if anyone running hockey streaming web sites knows what they are doing .
does anyone have nhl-streams.com service and what do you think of it ?
please help me understand what signal is like on ios ?
i am an android user and i simply just use signal as my default sms app .
occasionally an ios friend will be like you sent me a message in signal ? ''
like it 's set up differently than just getting a text ?
what is the difference between ios and android versions ?
seems like most of my ios friends are not using signal so they just get normal sms from me and i 'm losing encryption .
then i have a few ios friends who have signal and so my texts come through there which is not the default text app .
i stopped at a shell gas station to fill up my car with gas and i put my debit card in and entered my pin and filled my car up with gas and later when i get home i check my bank account to see how much i spent at walmart and i lost 75 to that shell gas station .
one entry shows my 10.20 purchase of the gas and there 's another one ... . 75 ... who spends 75 at a gas station .
i called my bank and they said they 're investigating and will get back to me after 1 business day and if its fraud they will reimburse me .
so that means when they get back to me it 'll be after this authorization hold and that ga station will get my 75 ...
i was thinking about changing my pin or even asking my bank to freeze my card or something .
i was told by my siblings that sometimes criminals put card readers into gas station pumps to steal peoples money but if they did that than why did n't they take all i had or why did it say shell service and not some other thing on the entry that shows i lost 75 in my bank account .
edit this is not the first time i got gas from this station and my sister has gotten gas from it before too and this has never happened to either of us and we payed with debit cards !
here 's my another giveaway this time is a rank 41 account https i.imgur.com/pi4ujqc.png for any starter out there .
main stories cleared up to date aqours and rank µ 's
20 gems may be depleted if you 're using android 1 bt 1 ss seals
mention your os android ios and if you 're familiar with jp server or not
i will pick a winner 12 hours from now .
edit congrats u/morgana_96 did n't qualify the rule u/awesomeaaron144 on winning the ga !
why do so many garbage pilots wait until their 3/4-man bomber is full before flying straight into the ground or a building ?
if you 're a shitty flier do n't drag others into your doomed training flights .
moreover have the common courtesy to say get out '' when you 're jumping out of a non-doomed aircraft .
give some indication that you 're leaving the cockpit empty .
when should i go liandrys and when not to go also do i get righteous glory every game or ?
im struggling abit in climbing atm i was in promo to plat 3 but i dropped to plat 5 atm http euw.op.gg/summoner/username=rick 20singedchez
faction armour still reskins same base set as before no less but more impressive reskins at least .
ships new base models not just skins dawning https i.imgur.com/fxt0mac.png example https i.imgur.com/j1iqhrh.png example https i.imgur.com/lh2tizw.png
just using eff pts reb ast stl blk − missed fg − missed ft − to gp .
rozier 12.7 points 5.7 rebounds 3.3 assists 2 steals 0.7 turnovers with 48.4 42.5 shooting in 25.6mpg
tied with al horford though horford is averaging 34mpg .
also props to tatum for his pretty great start .
in addition to being 4th on our team so far he 's been the 4th best rookie in the very limited sample size behind dillon brooks 22 1 game ben simmons 19.5 2 games and dennis smith jr 19.0 1 game .
tatum should legit in the mix for rookie of the year .
so just a note i have n't received my pixel 2 xl yet but reading all these posts and reviews on the screen is sure freaking me out .
it seems like the extent of the blue haze and graininess differs perhaps relating to a bad batch .
as i purchased the phone from the google store using a freight forwarding address and in case of extreme screen issues how would google handle an international '' rma ?
shipping from saudi arabia to the us is just too damn expensive !
on pc when i go to youtube it keeps sending me push notifications for one channel though i have notifications for them turned off .
on my phone it sends me notifications for other channels .
then come on in and take a seat on my couch .
perhaps you are a poor college student looking for money or you just graduated high school with this dream .
perhaps you are a wife who has a urge to do this for some excitement .
either way come on in and let 's turn you into a star that everyone will love .
let 's make you so well known that people from every country will notice you .
my business is known for being on the rough side but all kinks are open .
but rough sex is key for you to climb the ladder .
assuming that the show took place in the era in which it was made late 1990s what is everyone else doing now 20 or so years later ?
the zeke owner in my league put him on the block a few days ago .
i asked him if he had any interest in a few of my players .
when he rejected my initial offers i wondered what he was hoping to get .
he responded by saying i 'm looking for a high-end rb1. this baffled me .
why in the world would anyone be willing to trade a high-end rb1 for another high-end rb1 who could very well be suspended for 6 games possibly inducing the playoffs .
are other zeke owners this delusional or am i naive for assuming zeke is only worth a high-end rb2 or wr2 at the point given the suspension possibility ?
if you 're a zeke owner looking to save yourself from a weekly aneurism what types of players are you looking for in return ?
feel free to talk about trade offers you 've been sent or a trade you recently made involving zeke .
i 'm legitimately curious what people are getting for him .
found out today that the only brand in my price range that made cute slacks in my size decided to nix my size and the next size up .
for purposes of sizing i wore a 00 regular in the limited .
i wear 24s in rich skinny but they 're only doing jeans .
i prefer slacks in a single color outside of the black/navy/brown trifecta that are wide-leg bootcut or at least straight .
i think it would need a delid for sure .
traded some red and pink septems for it was that a fair trade ?
i get that it 's a new game and polyphony has never handled online gaming before jokes but there 's got to be a better way to handle these maintenance updates .
for starters i never seem to know when they 're happening .
i guess they 're listed somewhere in the game but i 've just missed them and they should maybe go in a more obvious place .
but the whole menu system is a mess so maybe that 's two problems in one .
but the biggest thing is that it should warn you and give you a countdown .
so you do n't go start an event set to start at 1:10am to be booted at 1:08pm without warning after 12 minutes of practicing and getting a better qualifier .
i swear if my amazing lap times did n't save i 'll be upset .
edit do n't see anything on their twitter or official website or any of their official channels .
did they even announce this or did they just boot people out of the game without notice ?
i get that every new developer more jokes has a learning curve with this stuff but that 's kind of insane .
how do they know people are n't power cycling their home networks thinking the problem is on their end ?
what if instead of running with the shield in a babyface role wwe used them as heels against kurt angle ?
part of the reason the shield reunion feels off is because it feels extremely likely it will be short lived .
one of them will turn likely dean to split the faction again roman will go off to face brock being his usual self with his forced push and life goes on .
i 'm not going as far as to say that it feels like a cheap way to get roman cheers but some feel that way .
what if instead wwe gave the fans what they want a heel roman reigns but spear heading a heel shield faction that works to completely undermine the entire raw roster only for their own gain ?
i guess something comparable would be los ingobernables in njpw the group is loyal to each other but nobody else .
they do n't give a shit about the company its titles they are only self serving .
they are loyal only to each other and to their families .
they do n't care about anything or anyone else as long as they are the top dogs '' in the business .
when joe comes back he 'll get big cheers too .
fuck the wrestlemania main event could still be roman vs. brock except it would be heel '' gives no fucks roman against a babyface brock .
wwe has over and over and over again done the whole heel authority figure thing with the authority figure recruiting a squad of people to hold the roster down .
angle is going to be over no matter what .
have the shield literally try to tear apart his show to keep themselves on top ... so the crowd can rally behind angle trying to stop them .
anyway bit of fantasy booking probably some holes to be poked in the story but have n't seen anybody suggest this as a unique opportunity to use the shield in a refreshing way .
i 've been building my own for years and but would n't mind getting something i do n't have to mess with .
i let my friend ride it and he did a bunnyhop off a small 1 ft curb and the back derailer bent into the spokes and had to be replaced has anyone else ever had anything like this happen ?
somehow a dominant women like myself has been forced or blackmailed into being a submissive 100 at your mercy .
show me and make me caption it starting simple and getting as extreme as we want .
event please let me know if you 're after any of my events or legendaries https pokemon-trading-spreadsheet.tumblr.com ? 1twbvxyd9okkrsa5g4cr5xwe4bs-f3iduwwmfzbjxaus 3 in exchange for either a timid mew or jolly galileo event shiny rayquaza in a 1:1 trade !
booted up tarkov for the first time tonight no issues .
load up gear on my pmc for the first run of the night .
queue into a lobby going through the standard steps of getting into a game .
tried to connect at least x10 times rebooted the game tried again .
tried to do confirm leave '' just so i could play something else or try a different lobby .
we 're happy to announce that forest bird organizers of the bird of the year competition will be here to do an ama on monday !
forest bird is new zealand 's leading independent conservation organisation .
they work to protect and restore aotearoa 's wildlife and wild places through predator control plantings ecosystem restoration and advocacy .
they 're also a not-for-profit organisation receiving no funding from the government .
bird of the year is our most popular annual event .
it 's a silly campaign with a serious message raising awareness and funds http givealittle.co.nz/cause/birdoftheyear for new zealand 's unique native birds .
what many people do n't realise is that our native birds are in crisis .
68 are in trouble and 1 in 3 are at risk of extinction .
lend your voice to help new zealand birds by supporting bird of the year with your vote http birdoftheyear.org.nz your voice or a donation http givealittle.co.nz/cause/birdoftheyear .
for the ama we 'll be hosting kimberley collins bird of the year coordinator for forest bird !
she 'll be posting under the handle of u/kimbirdley .
you can find out more about forest bird at forestandbird.org.nz http www.forestandbird.org.nz
still have n't voted for bird of the year ?
if people were colorblind would n't they not need a setting where there 's a change in color ?
can someone pls explain the significance of colorblind mode to colorblind people i never understood why
i 'm platinum iii eu west player and i 'm looking for a support main to climb my silver smurf to gold with and have fun doing so .
note that you do n't have to be a smurf !
but in-case you are we can also use the same strategy to climb on our mains if things go well .
i would like to take the advantage of voice communications to stay on the same page about our cooldowns and intentions .
i would need you to be able to speak comprehensible english so the communication would be smooth and not cause too many misunderstandings .
i am tilt-proof i never flame and i always look to improve i wish you would share these aspects aswell .
hope to conquer the silver elo with you soon !
bitcoin will reach a staggering high of 10,000 by january 1st 2018 .
goldman sacks are preparing to buy 200 billion worth of bitcoin in late december .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.dawn.com/news/1365077 reduced by 70 .
quot these are the first steps towards a great alliance in the name of freedom quot italian interior minister marco minniti said after a two-day meeting with his group of seven counterparts stressing the importance of the internet for extremist quot recruitment training and radicalisation . ''
minniti warned last week that the fighters planning revenge attacks following the collapse of the is stronghold in raqa could hitch lifts back to europe on migrant boats from libya .
italy has played a major role in training libya 039 s coastguard to stop human trafficking in its territorial waters as well as making controversial deals with libyan militias to stop migrants from setting off .
minniti said the g7 ministers had discussed how to go about quot de-radicalising quot citizens returning from the is frontline to prevent them becoming security risks in jails .
039 malware of terror 039 the group of seven britain canada france germany italy japan and the us said it had also called on the web giants to work with their smaller partners to bolster the anti-extremism shield .
security specialist at buckingham university centre for security and intelligence studies said the rest of the g7 was unlikely to get behind her on that front .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.dawn.com/news/1365077 faq http autotldr.io 232621 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords minniti 1 security 2 italy 3 extremist 4 web 5
post found in r/badgovnofreedom http np.reddit.com/r/badgovnofreedom/comments/77rb8m/g7_countries_and_tech_giants_including_google r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/77rb7c/g7_countries_and_tech_giants_including_google r/inthenews http np.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/77rbn8/g7_countries_and_tech_giants_including_google and r/technology http np.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/77rbf1/g7_tech_giants_agree_on_plan_to_block_terror .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
just sharing some badass art i got today it turned out great
let 's all roast our favorite heroes and hope they do n't jump from the realm of fiction to kill us
it 's called a silver lining and not a grey lining because grey sounds depressing just like you
your name is greystone because stone is useless and no one wants it
who is but the form following the function of what and what i am is a man in a mask .
i 'm not questioning your powers of observation i 'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man ... who ... he is .
but on this most auspicious of nights permit me then in lieu of the more commonplace sobriquet to suggest the character of this dramatis persona .
this bastion of no mere bulwark of bad vibes seeks to break under bullshit and barbarity .
i am blessed to have been brought to you without being bored .
it will be better to be brief this bragging buffoon has more brains than balls battling the bland and the bogus .
i like listening and meeting/getting to know new people .
if you want to share stories with me or vent about your day or tell me what you are concerned about i 'll always be happy to listen .
and i hope that you 'll do the same for me !
also i 'm 33 but get carded when i buy a drink ... like last night .
i did this prompt with a friend recently and loved the responses .
i looking for a dominant man/men who wants to chat .
i am submissive and love to dress up and act like a total ditzy slut .
i 'll be a bimbo ... huge fake boobs big booty and general slutty behavior .
i love to be shared and want to be a toy .
looking to chat so if you are interested let me now what you have in mind and who you are .
i know there will be a lot of responses so make sure you stick out if you want to hear back from me .
to make sure you are reading this all please put your age and stud application '' in the title with a few pics of how you 'd like me to become .
since this sub is fairly empty let 's get a top three songs list for everyone here .
... illuminated only by the light of my smartphone .
so hey.. do you care to chill in the dark with me ?
i guess i find myself aching for some kinda connection .
life be kickin ' my ass lately ya dig ?
i like video games looking for stuff that will make me cry and singing songs to myself with feeling .
i like to get really stoned sometimes and think about life .
so ... pm me your kik username if you are at all interested .
i used to have 8 or 9 firebase projects in the console .
then i could n't add anymore so i deleted a few .
now i am down to five and still ca n't add .
deleted one more but have to wait until monday for the last deletion to take effect .
made the mistake of filling out that i would use services that cost and after a few days got a mail telling me i should make a manual payment for 50 .
in my account-balance i have alot more than that from a free tier .
still went ahead and was about to pay the 50 .
but then i could only use my local currency and i saw in front of me even more bureaucracy if i payed not exactly 50 .
so i gave up and a few days later made another request and now waiting .
the number of projects does not have anything to do with the resources used .
i liked that it was so easy to get up and running with firebase .
i 'm looking for size 12/13 supreme slides or any other slides gucci etc .
i tried reverse image search on taobao and every single link only goes up to 11 .
so i cruised through the first two tiers with ease and through the first few levels of the bonus .
one aoe was enough to drain my protection completely on pheonix and the second one one shot all of them .
this event must be for g12 pheonix or nightsisters with plague to ignore the mountain of protection on sidious because its impossible
excuse my stupidity if this has been announced already but when does the anniversary update go live exactly ?
i am beyond about the picnic tables and ca n't contain my excitement about making functional plazas .
i 'm sure every man in the world has one woman in his life that he wish he could fuck .
whatever the reason boyfriend married otherwise inappropriate it 's never going to happen so he 's just left to fantasise about it .
well i wonder if there are any men who have this but for two women at the same time ?
are there any two women who for some reason you want to fuck more than any others ?
you 'd give your left nut just to be in bed with both of them but it will never happen .
let me know who these two women in your life are and maybe i 'll make your fantasy come true .
please let these be real people in your life not celebrities or anything .
during the last 8 games there were 6 where people just left .
and after one is leaving almost alsways anotherone is following .
the rest of the game its 3v5 and you stand no chance .
im playing at mge do n't know if this is a problem in general .
do we need harder punishment for leaving or is there any good solution ?
this realy destroys the game for lots of people .
when my grandmother died back in 2014 my mother tried to hug my aunty but she told her do n't touch me . ''
fast forward to two weeks ago when my grandfather died .
i walked up to the house saying hello to everyone at once .
at that moment the only person i gave a hug to was my female cousin and not the do n't touch me aunty . ''
when it was time to go view my grandfather body my oldest aunt came outside with the do n't touch me '' aunt walking behind her i tapped my oldest aunt and gave her a hug with this huge smile on my face the do n't touch me '' aunt looked pissed and mad jealous .
on our way to the car she told her son do n't ride them niggas in your car and do n't have them around your sister '' we 're black btw i hate the n word .
at the viewing her son/my cousin called his-self confronting us for not speaking to his mother i did speak she 's not of any importance to deserve a personal hello .
after that they thought we were cool with them so do n't touch me '' tried talking to my mother but she kept it moving .
on my way outside our family from out of town just got in and was standing in the lobby .
while giving them a hug i noticed do n't touch me '' staring at me so i went all in i walked around with a big smile on my face saying hello to everyone individually giving everyone a big hug .
ohhhhhhhh man she stood there damn near about to cry watching me hug everyone .
i guess she told my third aunty who was n't there i was being rude to her .
last time i saw my third aunty i did n't speak to her .
when my third aunt got to the house i gave her a hug and she acted all surprised telling me stop being rude to people because her son died from being rude to her my cousin died two days after my grandfather which is the only reason i hugged her she lost a 27 year old child from a heart attack .
the thing is my family tried to have my mother arrested so they can be over my grandfather .
try to have my mother arrested because you want to control money that 's not yours and tell my mother not to touch you when all she wanted is a hug from her sister because she 's grieving ?
y'all may not see that as revenge but me knowing my family that bothered them so .
just me seeing her damn near crying is sweet .
i should of taken her photo and framed it .
the developer supermassive games has proved they know how to make good vr .
tumble vr and rush of blood both have impeccable tracking and rock solid graphics .
playing sb hey guys let 's group and push my ganks are n't going to keep us alive forever against sven and shadow fiend ''
we just killed 4 of them can we please push and not farm ''
teammate gets rampage 50 minutes in after dazzle and i keep the game going long enough for them to feel farmed
every college has that hot girl '' who is fantasized by every fuckin asshole nerds and every shade in between alike .
she very well knows that none can beat her in beauty .
she can tease the fuck out of everyone yet remain illusive and unreachable to everyone .
she knows you do n't have any fuckin option but to succumb to her will .
she can make you do her laundry homework assignment daily chores et .
bhajipao is behaving exactly the same way it seems .
hindu rw do n't have any option but to vote for them .
baniyans do n't have any choice as khangress will eat them alive .
bakchods do not have any alternative as otherwise a retard read pappu will manage their affair .
would like to know your build order on deity or immortal difficulty .
scout want to boost eureka on astrology and trading find closest enemy cities open at least 8 tiles to pick a place for second city
slinger boost archery kill 3 barbs with warrior for eureka and 1 outpost for cultural eureka
settler because i need more unic resources to boost science and culture like iron or mountain for future akademy
trader make a road to second city and boost eureka
spearman to stop possible cavalry and protect most valuable resource from pilaging .
as i saw it as part of the club entrance that wwe 's twitter page posted and if so whats it called ?
hey guys i had a look through these threads and could n't find anything to suit .
as the title suggests i 'm looking for zombie or infected style books preferably serious not humour i 've read and loved world war z i read and sort of liked i am legend .
i 've read all of the graphic novels for the walking dead and i need something more !
if the dude gets out the first thing he needs to do is separate from ice and his immediate group .
you can tell they do n't like brandon and would n't back him up if shit got south .
brandon needs to get ricky freddy and motherfuckin abdul on streams to roll with him .
i mean it 's been four years since he 's seen him and eren looks completely different .
i ca n't wait till next month for his reaction though !
summer is around the corner and i need to get my evaporative unit replaced as it died on us over winter .
i 'm looking to have the old unit replaced with a new unit including installation costs etc .
looking to keep the cost as low as i can
if anybody has a spreadsheet or anything with the actual unique stats of all legendary items that would be so fucking grand .
i 've been looking it up for a while now all i seem to find is where to find/how to unlock the legendary items and what are the set bonuses .
that and some videos meh that will showcase one set .
it baffles me since more so than the set bonuses what makes a set good or bad is definitely the stats of the items .
for example i 've read the set bonuses of the marauder sets picking up mirian increases damage by 2 per mirian gained for 20 seconds ''
well most of the items of the set dramatically increase the chance you get to drop mirian so virtually every orc you kill will drop mirian so that will in turn pretty much allow you to snowball into a one-shooting killing machine in a matter of seconds .
tl dr the stats of the legendary items are actually more important than the set bonuses and the info is nowhere to be found in one place .
hots is my second moba having played league a bit before being able to play hots in the open beta so i do n't know much about other moba character .
with the league world being live right now i asked myself this question and i would like what heroes from other moba you think would be op in hots .
anything on the apache tribe would be great but something focused on this particular leader would be greatly appreciated .
i think it 's useful to start from the beginning .
a screwed up upbringing parents i know you want the best for your children but do n't put so much pressure on them and a lifetime of questionable choices including departing for a war which left me with mental and physical scars made me who i am in the good and the bad .
over twenty years ago i moved continents for my first wife and eight years later i initiated the divorce .
my first ex had clinical depression and i had to leave for my own health but it left scars .
some five years after that i moved continents again for my second wife .
in the following eleven years i was careful i tried to be good i worked on becoming a gentler kinder softer milder version of who i was when she first met me .
problem is that i never went to the root of my behaviors so instead of being just me '' once i moved and married her i changed and tried to be the man i thought she wanted because i was quite raw '' in my ways and believed it was n't what a good man should be .
i did n't put any boundaries i tried to always make things work for her avoided conflict subjugated my interests to hers etc etc .
i already had a lower libido than my spouse and not allowing myself to be me '' lowered it further .
four months ago i applied for a new job one with much more responsibilities and stress .
just as i turned in my resignation and begin my notice period my wife says she is at the end of her rope .
i had no idea i had sensed things were n't great but thought we were ok .
i spent the notice period one month in a daze trying to do proper handover and going to couple therapy but feeling like the world is collapsing on me .
i also agreed to see therapist for my behavior hoping this would bring a quick'n'easy fix .
i had also secured a full month of r r before starting the new job had planned to spend some time visiting friends and family by myself and then take a long vacation with the wife .
on the first day of r r she said she does n't want to go on she does n't want to go to couple therapy any longer wants a divorce she has been wanting to leave for years and right then and there she moves out .
i lost all desire to do fun things and spent the month trying to muster up the energy to get up from bed .
work started and it has been really heavy and at the same time i 'm back and forth with lawyers and stuff .
we still have to sell the house hell i want to sell the house i ca n't afford it by myself and it 's full of memories split our stuff including time spent with our dog .
i can barely handle the load on my mind between work and private life i feel like i 'm drowning and sinking deeper and deeper .
the other week i nearly broke down in tears in the middle of the cafeteria .
on top of this my personal therapy reveals layers of crap piled on my mind .
that led to attachment issues where i am constantly critical of myself and do n't feel worthy i 'm unable to love myself .
that made me want to run away to distance myself from family and take on risky behaviors .
going to war was one of them and the result was ptsd/ptss .
running off with my first wife on the other side of the world was another and that one too left me with issues .
i 'm seeing two therapists now one for the lack of self-love i feel stupid just writing these words like they are meaningless and dangerous and another for the trauma .
and because i needed more stuff going on in the new office i work closely with a gal .
she 's great looking friendly funny intelligent smart etc .
she had been getting closer to me and we talked a lot half work and half not but including hour long phone calls after work .
i wo n't deny it i loved the attention and that single butterfly in my stomach .
but i knew i ca n't handle any of this i wonder if wanting to hit the breaks hard it 's me being rational or just me being hard on myself that ole not feeling worthy thing .
so i took an occasion when her and i had a long spell alone to be completely transparent to her .
she asked me a question i replied this led to many more back and forths and i by the end i had told her all about my attachment issues how i will always push away those who love me until i come to terms with things told her about my lust for combat yes i do miss combat and the ptss told her about ex wives being in therapy the chaos in my life etc .
being very intelligent and in touch with her emotions i wished she could see that anything that whatever was happening was something i could n't handle and react in a way we could retain our professional relationship and maybe eventually friendship .
you know work together when we have to be polite and friendly in otherwise work situations and nothing further .
yesterday i was so down i canceled plans i had to see friends and instead got severely drunk at home alone .
i know it 's not healthy and i wo n't repeat it but i feel like i 'm cratering and approaching the bottom .
i want the pain of losing my wife of failing her of knowing i 'll never hold her again gone .
i still want her friendship because being divorced should n't mean being dead to each other .
i want to move on from this slump from this feeling like breathing is a chore from the inability to workout not even a single pushup .
i want to hold it together to be the effective strong man i know i am and succeed at work .
i do n't want my old life it was a lie .
needing to replace 3 players that have jst become inactive
we have been 100 all maps everyday so please b strong enough to run a path on day 5
do n't know if it 's worth playing a couple more games to guarantee elite 2 or not .
men women whites blacks hispanics christians lgbt people seculars muslims socialists capitalists nationalists and jews are all dissatisfied with politics .
to me it seems to mean that the balance between the various identity groups is out of sync .
what do you think has to happen—culturally economically politically legally or spiritually—for america 's varied communities to be in sync ?
die ihk fortbildungen die ich bisher gefunden habe technik für kaufleute richten sich eher an einkäufer etc .
da ich bereits in teilzeit studiert habe wäre das natürlich für mich die einfachste lösung .
i now have at least 76000000 experience points in the runecrafting skill .
since the beginning of the halloween event the nest migration seems to have been done with a shift of the pokemon number in my city jynx nest n°124 is now electabuzz nest n°125 magmar n°126 pinsir n°127 pinsir n°127 eevee n°133 but the pokemons between these two do n't have regular nest tauros magikarp gyarados lapras ditto doduo n°84 seel n°86 oddish n°43 paras n°46
experienced wind/water player gauging interest in archetype guide considering starting up content creation on ffdecks/youtube potentially .
would like to know if this is the kind of thing people would like to see as it seems there is a lack of archetype based content .
just deck profiles from top events match replays etc .
hey everyone i just had a few questions regarding using midi cables with my digital piano .
i know that i can plug it into my pc and have software like fl studio record the notes i play but i was wondering if i could connect it to my pc and be able to use vst 's i own and have them output from my piano ?
that would be really cool if possible because i would love to be messing around with the sound on fl studio rather than the on board piano functions .
we have all gone back and forth on the proper term for this phenomenon and for the trump regime itself .
plenty of terms apply both technical or funny but it would appear that insurgent '' is the most relevant and potent .
donald trump and his appointees are not lawful authorities in this country and their supporters are not law-abiding citizens with respect for american institutions or even basic morality .
they are fascistic bloodthirsty criminals with a deep and ever-increasing hunger to dismantle our republic and piss on its ashes by any means necessary .
they crossed the line from being merely wrong to being at open war with their own country quite a while ago and we the citizenry have been patient with them for years desperately pretending that they are something other than they are .
while these people commit and cheer terrorist attacks all over america openly call for genocide and begin to toy with what we always knew they will ultimately do https www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2017/08/10/in-a-new-poll-half-of-republicans-say-they-would-support-postponing-the-2020-election-if-trump-proposed-it ? utm_term=.4f51b447a27b we pretend and still allow our public officials to pretend this situation is not what it is .
but reality does not flow into make-believe like water into a glass it does not become whatever you insist strongly enough that it is .
the constitution has been suspended and the only reason any of it remains in practical effect is that these people have not yet achieved a position capable of successfully suppressing it .
but every aspect of it they are in a practical position to violate is completely defunct .
american federal institutions are under occupation by an insurgency and all of american life is under active persistent attack by those insurgents .
if you agree please attempt to make a note of using this terminology where applicable .
i believe it will help clarify things to some extent .
edit very first vote is a downvote occurring just seconds after posting .
looks like the insurgents that monitor this sub consider this idea dangerous enough to give it their seal of approval .
let 's find out just how dangerous they consider it .
want to know the cheapest middleman to get pk god v1s and v2s
bought the game back again in anticipation of the frozen wilds and the game turns in a separate install ?
now i have to play that game two times now .
1 to get be able to play it in new-game 2 finish new game for the dlc .
paypal family and friends you will paying the penalty fees
sid meier 's civilization iv 2 in 1 1 csgo key
dead island epidemic x 8 0.20 each or 1.5 for all
minion masters x2 one is india and the other is sea 1 for each
warhammer end times vermintide drachenfels dlc and razorfang poison item 4
melissa k. and the heart of gold collector 's edition
it 's possible to ask the reddit mods/admins for ownership/moderator of subreddits such as this one .
i 've messaged some people i saw talking about wanting ownership of the sub so they can try .
currently the only moderator of this sub has a 3 year inactive account make sure to mention that in your applications on r/redditrequest if you make one .
scene real estate type scene gets upset that the guy is staring at her i think then gets upset about money wears a white shirt background is bright and some stone or marble floor
either faux badasses trying to look cool hipsters or lazy guys .
since the lines '' do n't have to be straight this boils down to a question that 's pure graph theory what is the largest complete graph that can be embedded in n dimensions and so the 1d case is trivial the 2d case is a consequence of kuratowski 's theorem specifically that the complete graph on five vertices is n't planar and i 'm not sure where the original result of all complete graphs can be embedded in r 3 '' came from but it 's at least a known result that leads to the infinite results in three or more dimensions .
watching rugby pass getting the live feed from the stadium .
getting to hear the commentators chatting about their half time segments is gold !
imho it 's more of a black sabbath album than 13 was .
this is the biggest fucking attack against the us and democracy as we know it and literally no one gives a shit .
russia is fucking attacking us with far greater power than any nuclear weapon ever has .
the problem is n't russia the problem is n't people wanting to meddle in our elections the problem is us .
those of us who read only headlines and call ourselves educated .
those of us who honestly think 140 characters or less is reasonable for dialogue .
the problem is us and the fact that we are too god damn lazy to do any critical thinking ourselves to verify new information with more than one source .
most importantly though we 've just stopped asking questions .
we 've stopped questioning where people get information what motives they might have for the motivation or even whether or not it 's true .
we just absorb whatever the fuck is put in front of us by those we idolize .
for me this looked really weird when i spotted this guy he ran past me and my pal quite fast there would have been no way we could have caught up with him if he tried to run away the other direction even with boost
funny hearing the commentators chatting like that as awful as they 've been haha
it 's not unusual for fans to defend themselves and their club if they feel they 're being depicted unfairly .
also you may have noticed the different reactions to lever and cameron leaving .
that 's because the way they did it was different to each other .
it looks like you 're posting about a bug .
have you checked to see if it 's already on the known issues list https us.battle.net/forums/en/heroes/topic/20758728734 ?
if it 's not there consider posting it to the bug report forums https us.battle.net/forums/en/heroes/13268292 .
it 's a lot more likely to be solved that way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/heroesofthestorm if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm currently on a fitness journey myself and have developed a pretty strong fitfam on sc 🙂 add papagiorgio92
that spinning elbow does n't look like much but boy do those hurt .
if you 've never been in a serious relationship at that age i 'm probably going to assume that either you did n't want one or that others did n't want you for one .
you 'll have to dispel those misgivings and you ca n't do it with words because anyone can say anything .
you will have to show your value with actions over time .
focus on men who will give you that time .
i have not seen more than 3 medusa since the expansion arrives .
of course i have not seen the transformation of the serpents into medusiana either only in stream where the streamer purposely let the opponent do it lul .
favorite idk it 's new york everything is good here
in most parts of the world that would be a very unusual exceptional event and would make headline news .
but if that 's just normal everyday life to you then ...
i always thought the ardent censer icon was a beetle ...
mp7 scar h remington ksg dsr ballista damn i miss the game in general .
i really need to be more active about selling it .
you want people who use trains to continue to use the trains while you want people who use cars to use trains more .
because they want to make people dependent on government .
democrats were the aristocrat plantation owners who came over as the landless european nobility who lost their land due to the rise of the middle class during the enlightenment and mercantilism which began to compete with the nobility and win .
that is why they sold the middle class completely out and are for globalism they want universal plantation communism ... only rich and very poor serfs .
look at the democrat party it is only wealthy coastal elites and very poor no middle class .
nah if you want a gun you can always get a gun it 's irrelevant whether you can just take the gun from the drawer of a relative or if you have to have money and connections to the black market it 's all the same .
and the 500 higher murder rate in the us is just because of all those damn black people you do n't have those in your country !
signed every piece of shit redditor that ever made a comment against gun regulations
this always seems to be a big deal with polish people but as a dutch guy i 've never heard of them as polish death camps .
especially not the implication that poles were n't the victims .
ea already has shitty business models that milk players for every penny .
you think letting them loose with a f2p title full of microtransactions is a good idea ?
i remember their f2p game 'battlefield heroes ' where you could litterally buy better guns that were way stronger than the free weapons .
ea are the last company i want making a f2p mmofps .
nah ... then you get losers like that guy complaining instead of just bloody ignoring it .
an enterprise allowance assisting young people to start their own businesses
folau has been really good they 're allowed to compliment him .
besides the amount commentators and users here gush over barrett you really ca n't complain .
i think paulie is a lock for corey vs anyone except his showmance zak .
i am not sure on davonne especialy as she surprised everyone with her vote in the actual final 2 .
game 4 november 4,2001 jordan at palace vs detroit pistons scoring 19 points in 22 minutes
can i get a no updates link until you they accept your extension ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
triggers revolt as well so against those 3 colour decks can ruin their mana and if you 're running black you can fatal push a bit more the land you fetch is untapped
now go shine that lovely smile to the whole world !
its the best gift you can give yourself and the greatest gift to everyone who sees it d
it 's the german national socialist worker 's party .
in reality it was a right wing ultra nationalist party that heavily fomented anti-semitism while also borrowing some of the populist elements of left wing thought for german aryans only degenerate undesirables do not qualify .
the communist party was quite popular in germany in the 20s and early 30s so hitler and his ilk saw it as an opportunity to present themselves as an alternative based around collective nationalism .
the nazi party did actually have an anti-capitalist wing but it was routed out during the night of the long knives and violently purged consolidating the capitalist pro industrialist base .
so yes they were n't socialists at all in practice but they used aspects socialistic rhetoric or a perversion of it really to entice the populace .
ib and fr are already present but i miss strikes with modifiers .
what you looking to get for lime k2 and crimson endo ?
i do n't know anything official '' but i 've had no issue playing it on emulators so i assume so .
terranigma also has a 60hz romhack different game in the series but it 's worth mentioning .
actually really nice to read this comment i was riktor !
i was wondering if this really belonged in this subreddit given what was sure to happen .
can you give me a source for the supposedly blatant anti-gay anti-trans anti-women nature of our supposedly patriarcal society ?
for an x-ray it would make sense to outline the hit box rather than the model .
every x-ray looks the same but not every model is equal .
if you have internet with optus you can get their fetch box which has all the bellator cards on it
that 's great for the people who have viable careers but what about the huge swathes of the population that are going to be stuck in jobs where their wages do n't really grow ?
if you 're debating kids in your early 20s and decide you ca n't afford it so you 'll wait then at 30 you can afford it then that 's fine but what if you are a 38 year old woman and you 're still debating whether you can afford kids or not ?
that is the sad part people that want kids might never be able to have them purely because of money .
lycett kicking 4 goals against collingwood in 2014 is the only thing that gives me the will to live anymore
i guess i did n't realize how alike they looked .
some people have reported a bug with inactive damage where it just does n't work
i correct subreddit and user links that have a capital r or u which are unusable on some browsers .
it 's not that the real problem is windows .
the overhead of maintaining a windows machine is not worth it i just tried to get back into pc gaming and i really need to get rid of windows 10 and go back to 7 .
besides with consoles getting relatively cheap these days it makes more sense than a pc .
the real issue is the cost of games on consoles
colorized a photo of the first miss universe armi kuusela a 17-year old finn beauty wearing the traditional philippine terno '' popularized by imelda marcos with her beau a 25-year old filipino millionaire businessman virgilio hilario .
their romance story is online no need to replicate it here .
the whirlwind courtship ended up with hilario gifting armi with a 3-carat diamond engagement ring a cadillac and a wedding honeymoon in tokyo .
she was also the first miss universe to resign less than year before relinquishing the crown to the next to get married to hilario .
representative ferdinand marcos who would be the first deposed president of the philippines in 1986 tried to attract her when they met at the philippine senate a year before meeting imelda .
hilario died of a heart attack in 1975 leaving 5 kids with armi all settled in many places around the world .
armi remarried an american diplomat and lives in san diego ca .
not disputing your account but i will point out these are green berets sf guys .
it 's one of the most basic and critically important tasks that gets drilled into combat troops and these guys are elite operators .
literally everywhere you go a head count is done as you leave and return and multiple times during every mission .
my guess is they could n't get to sgt la johnson and had to leave him or risk being overrun .
they are on the right side of the valk you can see a heavy 's shooting explosion .
client-side just makes it look like they are being shot from the other side .
as if the legend had one myself was worse then anyone else .
abrahamic religions have spread throughout the world due to conquest war weapons and aggression .
indeed as the old testament orders the book of violence genocide misogyny and slavery .
if this is your true '' god fuck your god .
happily there is no such god and it all were humans who destroyed the life of others and their cultures .
because in that case there 's still a chance of moral improvement .
luke 23:43 jesus answered him truly i tell you today you will be with me in paradise.
cherubs playing harps i do n't know but i ca n't imagine paradise for man and god being anything close to bad .
i have basic soldering skills after modding and fixing some consoles and game boy cartridges but at the moment i 'm not very confident to start a time consuming project like that .
at the moment i will stick with s-video and in the future i will consider this mod .
balthazar she 's a destitute lounge singer in quebec ... and let 's keep it that way ! ''
stop reciting all those stupid lines we 've heard it before .
the value of valve is much higher for me when they work on steam rather some half-life sequel
i have no idea why a communist is talking about the massive gdp growth china had which was due to ... capitalism .
or you just use 2n-1 and 2n for your values instead .
i lived near an overpass and recall thinking how fun it would be to toss rocks down below .
i 'm pretty sure manslaughter charges were the furthest thing from my mind .
broken window damage was probably what stopped us but not someone 's death .
so although what they did was terrible i 'm pretty sure they never set out to kill someone .
young men 's judgement center in some cases does n't fully develop till mid 20 's .
for fucks sake ... have pity on us men ... were born stupid .
do i have to choose one or the other ?
4:00pm et happens when this comment is 24 minutes old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
god thank you someone else who shared that opinion .
hey u/abasha777 you must only include your own trade link and no others in every trade and store post you submit to r/globaloffensivetrade .
you may only use trade links that are linked to your flair .
you can find your trade link here http steamcommunity.com/id/me/tradeoffers/privacy .
this post will not count towards your 3 daily posts !
i remember in my media class in college i sat next to to a pretty cute girl that i was trying to gather the courage up to ask out .
a few weeks into the semester she responded to the lecturer that nancy grace was her inspiration for taking the class .
the instant comical u-turn in my brain in regards to approaching her to this day still amazes me .
sometimes it is so gratifying about instantly knowing what you do n't desire anymore .
i stopped pairing it as it was annoying when it kept disconnecting .
now i just do an open goal hiit workout on my apple watch when we start class .
also pats are n't bad at all but they are starting to look kinda human .
as much as i 'd love to see all of this for a pc release i highly doubt even 5 of your list would come to fruition .
however the most important thing in your list is a steam or at least a multi-service release .
if mcc or literally any of the halo games release on windows/microsoft store whatever they call it now only then consider it doa .
because it has 1 of the user-base steam has and it 's crap software that 's completely tied into microsoft 's ecosystem .
what i 'd love to see is a steam and windows store release and if you buy the steam version then you have the option to sign into your xbl/windows account for play-anywhere '' multiplayer otherwise you 're tied to steam 's matchmaking .
i 'd totally dig out my old 11-year xbl profile to use for it .
hell honestly just put halo 1 2 and 3 on pc on gog and call it a day .
all i want is to play co-op with old friends on pc .
i do n't see why it 's so difficult to just release the original trilogy on pc in some form .
you ca n't even legitimately buy halo 1 or 2 on pc anymore and halo 3 references were found in amd drivers 4 years ago http www.gamechup.com/halo-3-pc-code-found-in-amd-catalyst-drivers
at this point they need to do it right otherwise do n't do it at all .
i played halo since it 's release until halo 4 came out .
i have finished my fight but i 'd like for people in the future to be able to finish theirs as well and not have this great series be lost and unplayable .
yeah it does n't look like she even even tried swimming .
and i know how to swim but i 'm pretty sure i would n't have been able to surface while wearing those heavy boots and all those layers of wet clothing..
lol he gon na run it to the end zone anyway
the same ways you find a girl if you have any job .
leave the house do something find a female who is doing the same thing and strike up a conversation .
yeah but that unwritten rules seems like bs because no one enforced it and twitch staff was just enjoying the show in chat .
it should be clearer next time especially since the irl community exist .
i guess you do n't agree and they should make it vague still ?
i mean it 's hard for a distributor to get good stats on a bad team when your teammates are booty
only in underwear you do n't have to look good naked this is why boxers have the opening in front .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/77vhr2/if_your_are_summoned_to_court_does_your_employer .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
extract it and put boot.firm on the root of your sd card replacing it if there 's already one there .
if that does n't work follow those directions but with luma 8.1.1 from that page instead .
i just read an article about how the ny state reserve or something was almost hacked by the north koreans for 100 million but it did n't work because they misspelled one word .
free women ... if you look too slutty you will be treated like so
when i dress slutty https i.imgur.com/trpeiai.jpg i 'm treated like so .
i 'm viewed as a challenge and treated like so https i.imgur.com/dvqhrlw.jpg .
it 's the same result for everything in between https i.imgur.com/h6nnmrc.jpg .
do n't fool your readers into thinking they 'll keep a man 's dirty hands off of them just by wearing some extra coverage .
i 'm saying that a lot of people are scared to go there when it 's a normal place that gets too much media coverage for the bad shit that happens .
i have friends and family that live there i go there all the time ...
i can tell people were misled by the comment judging by how many downvotes i got .
they started to play video games after i moved out so they finally understand why i play them even in my mid 20 's they assumed i 'd stop eventually .
anime on the other hand is still weird to them .
they ca n't disassociate it with children i even went so far as to show them hentai to prove a point as they decided to come to my house one day as i was watching anime and were angry at me for watching a kids cartoon . ''
though honestly i did n't have to i was rewatching berserk .
i think you would get better responses on a reddit for people with disabilities ¯ ºº ¯
in the paris region there 's a small brewery called parisis that 's producing some decent craft beer http www.brasserie-parisis.com
seems like they just switched out the models from last year replacing her suit model with this one for this year 's game and i suppose this is the aftermath p
yup just inked a one year deal with the pels according to woj .
dragon age did it as well and payday 2 has done it a lot .
cant remember any more right now so that might be it .
toqueville comments on it in democracy in america which was written in the first half of the 19th century .
that 's not to say the gop has n't contributed to this but when you 're society whose earliest population was made up of religious extremists cast out of europe for their zealotry and convicts banished to the colonies you 're bound to pick up a bit of that flavor in your culture .
most people roast '' their friends but i ca n't imagine a situation where you could say something like time for a change '' without it being plain rude to at least one of them .
if they get knocked over it could trash your cdjs .
he 's also pointing out that your comparison is invalid .
i would disagree with his blessed life '' statement though .
i know many people who have so far led blessed '' lives and even they can tell right from wrong in a sexual situation and know more about the current state of law pertaining to sexual assault than you do .
i think you 're just the kind of person who does n't wish to care .
who sees this discussion as something to be used to trigger '' people on the internet .
who knows nothing about how people work and the complexities of interpersonal interactions .
comment or pm me https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hughes89 on reddit !
ca n't wait to share '' this on facebook !
why was this man not hired to do the other two thor movies from back in the day !
your submission appears to be extremely short less than 100 characters so please make sure that it 's within the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/drugs/wiki/guidelines check out our wiki pages on common drugs r/drugs/wiki/drugs and the drug knowledge base r/drugs/wiki/knowledgebase or use the search option .
after you 've done a little research feel free to write a few more sentences and resubmit r/drugs/submit ? selftext=true your post .
you can also re-post this and include '' i was unable to find information on this in r/drugs/wiki/drugs .
of the post to exempt yourself from this rule .
users breaking the rules and using this bypass will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
guess i 'll jump in and link my own channel .
please please do n't take my advice seriously apart from the yoga.. https www.youtube.com/channel/ucefeqg87jcimuvg0phk1axw
i do n't understand why he does n't play more .
you 'll have to wait.. unless you have the deluxe edition and then you should have access to batista/rvd
personally i 'm seeing how it plays out and i have some extra funds on the side if i wan na get some cheap alts etc..
i think it was the heat humidity that caused it to get watery first and then started to fall off the wall from the weight of the posters lol yes the best way to clean it off the walls was to use the rest of the sticky-tac that did n't get messed up p
if tcu wins tonight would n't they flex the game to be the night game
correct me if i 'm wrong but is n't this movie going to be 50 shades of grey-esque ?
obviously of higher calibre but i thought i heard that somewhere .
my mate also managed to get it after 3 hrs of reconnecting .
so you do multiple triple sets if possible instead of strict one set additions every workout ?
thought about on the 2 deadlift days instead of deadlift rep work doing upper back rep work but would n't seem like enough .
i honestly do n't have a great feeling about this one .
i would recommend awakening or echoes but in my opinion fates is not as good .
ebay does n't say sold unless the item is sold .
feel like pure shit just want water uicide back x
but they 're married have kids and he 's in the oo .
i echo what tuberville said he 's a decent young player that has some stuff to improve on still but he 's generally been decent .
he 's definitely not a mv7 type of player though .
or ya know hug your team before getting in the square to be patted like literally everyone else does .
one cats name is one two three and the other cats name is un deux trois .
one two three won because un deux trois cat sank .
it 's so lame but the first time i heard it i laughed for a solid 10 minutes for some reason .
edit because i 'm a dumbass and made a spelling mistake
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
they own a lot of other stores as well but the problem with king cash saver specifically is their pricing method .
unless it 's changed they offer lower prices but add 10 onto the bill at the end .
it makes you think you 're saving money but it 's just added back on when you check out .
if i 'm wrong on this please correct me as i 've only been in one once and after seeing that never went back .
it kinda sucks because we only have wal-mart price cutter and king cash in my town .
i had to go back and look at your photos again when you said you got your dress at forever 21 because i would never have known .
i 've got nearly a a single btc in coinbase .
what 's the best plan of action for me ?
shove it somewhere that does n't support the fork ?
there 's about a 0.4 chance of pulling a specific full art from a pack depends on how many fas are in the set that number is for sun moon .
opening packs is fun but really frustrating and expensive if you 're trying to get one specific card .
the vix is only a measure of 30-day volatility in a stock market and is not a good indicator of future volatility ... it 's not really relevent for what i am discussing .
i am talking about longer term volatility adding what i would call a false spike in the market ... throwing money in and the expense of increasing long term debt without actually growing the economy etc .
you wo n't see the effects of this in the market in the near future it will probably be a few or more years down the road .
yeah it gets difficult when your kid falls outside the normal range .
for my nephew they got a kind of booster seat that converts the back had a five point harness and then you could remove the back and use just the seat part .
i do n't remember how long he was in the harness part just that he hated having to use the booster seat for so long .
his dad is a sheriff 's deputy so he was particularly picky about making sure his kids were properly set up in whatever car they were riding in .
well he 's not wrong by saying it 's a feature not a bug but its a stupid feature
this is the best tl dr i could make original https medium.com annevictoriaclark/the-rock-test-a-hack-for-men-who-dont-want-to-be-accused-of-sexual-harassment-73c45e0b49af reduced by 89 .
are you a man confused on how to treat the women you work with ?
do you feel like if you can 039 t say or do anything you don 039 t know what to say or do at all ?
this life hack will have you treating women like people in no time .
she looks like a person who is working very hard to achieve her goals having left behind a situation that clearly wasn 039 t working headed for bigger and better things .
it looks like amanda has been working really hard but just needs some help with a small snag she 039 s hit .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/77trnl/the_rock_test_a_hack_for_men_who_dont_want_to_be faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.65 232511 tl drs so far . ''
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords work 1 look 2 women 3 know 4 how 5
shakespeare 's works and journey to the west are n't the first works of recorded literature known to man .
also i do n't believe in rape culture as someone who has been raped .
we live in a culture that is explicitly against rape .
i do n't know how you can attribute any kind of social attitude that permits or excuses rape as the dominant culture in western society .
i think you 're kinda misunderstanding what rape culture is dude .
only mmo where i 've seen it no idea why .
first of all use the dat and second of all do n't call people retards .
going to cancun in early january for 4 nights .
so and i have 180k ur 160k mr 50k spg and 30k hyatt points .
would like to spend the spgs more than anything else and 30k hyatt if i need to use more points .
do n't mind booking nights at two different hotels nearby to each other if need be .
was raised in a catholic house and always heard and also with you.
i went to mass with my grand father and they said and with your spirit '' and i was lost .
you do n't believe that threats like this ever gets used on young actors and actresses to pressure them into being quiet ?
and for them hind sight is 20/20 if they do make it .
but when they or any victim is right in it psychological warfare does n't play well on the mind .
these are the tricks abusers use to control victims .
you attack my credentials and experience yet you only source is for a counterpoint is conjecture about the game and discord for my line of work .
at no point have you proven that being hot tempered is beneficial to a team atmosphere just that a few men have thrown fits over the years and had fortune favour them .
oh god skin side pepper cuts ... hopefully all that watch this have razor sharp knives .
everything is poisonous nothing is poisonous it is all a matter of dose . ''
i do n't think i 've ever missed a post from you .
it 's easy they always reach my front page with the amount of upvotes you get .
you 're definitly one of my favorite posters of all of the gonewild subs !
just comes a point where a game loses its taste unless it does continuous revamps like lol does .
nothing wrong with it it was a big transition in our life .
honestly i think some of these corporations are the best we have to offer .
tesla associated with elon musk tech world 's superstar '' .
alphabet associated with google one of the best places to work and very customer-friendly .
the government it seems is more focused on the keeping face '' as their public image whereas these companies try to make a difference and showing compassion through theirs .
not saying the government has n't done anything but many of those singular persons look more like crying babies fighting with each other than a person who governs the country states and territories .
i have this in my fusion and in my f150 and it is perfect .
holds great easy on and off and it blends in to the point you barely notice it when it 's not in use .
i think there were about 60 people by the time the store opened .
as for stock i think they only had one full size run but you have to factor in the non boost eqt that was in this release too
as soon as the butt touched the side of the pool he nope 'd right out .
so graeme labrooy will ban pothas for the t20 series ?
seems like it 's iran that 's doing the destroying and carving up part .
israel is enjoying perfectly peaceful relations with egypt and jordan assisting both and largely stayed out of the syrian civil war .
as i highlighted from the internal doc they have always been pushing to destabilize syria .
also i would n't call things peaceful '' with jordan when embassy guards kill people and then flee without question .
meanwhile iran is sponsoring islamists militias in iraq lebanon and yemen
in what world is supporting the will of the people a crime ?
in israel where the palestinians want sovereignty but instead are living under military occupation in violation of over 30 un resolutions .
please elaborate in which way does israel influence the kurds ?
when they bought 3/4 of the krg oil so they could control them for geo political purposes like this .
what has israel done to gain such control over the kurds ?
you 're trying to demonize the kurds by alleging some deep relations
no i am trying to tell them not to be manipulated into doing the bidding of one of the longest and biggest human rights offenders of the world who will bomb and kill and murder british citizens to get their way .
and that it is foolish to trust them in any capacity .
this is the voice of reason people need to listen to .
too many people do not realise what a monumental task creating complex software like a game really is .
it takes time to build that trust not just a 10 minute conversation .
and as far as this people already having friends or their own stuff going on in life do n't assume that means they do n't want you as a friend .
they might even prefer you as a friend to some of the issue causing ones .
his family physically assaulted the both if them and he wants her to be ok with that .
guarantee that he will be the same exact way if he ever gets married he 'll let his family completley take over his marriage abuse his spouse .
and he will help them by covering it up .
no they got 12 months but there was six of them so they needed a way to divide the loot afterwards
i have all my vocal audio tracks being output to a vocal bus .
the vocal bus is then being output to a sub-mix aux track which is then going to an audio track for printing .
when it does n't crash when a change in an audio device is made the audio stops working and the framerate dips down significantly until you restart cemu
i use stylebook so i usually have an outfit or two set in the calendar for a few days in the future .
my work dress code is casual and i walk to work so all i have to worry about is dressing for the weather .
i do n't think i have winged an outfit in the morning in about a year ...
i think i would feel lost without my wardrobe app !
the military has always been a bunch of lying sacks of shit .
the idea that there is honor and integrity in the us military is 100 mythos .
it is systemic and institutionally corrupt and anyone that ruses through the ranks is part of the perversion .
maybe people wise up and stop allowing their kids to serve but i doubt it .
how would a scientist specify the location of a long-lived feature on the surface of the sun ?
latitude seems pretty straight-forward but how would you specify a longitude without referencing a prime-meridian .
yes sometimes i left my emulator on for auto then just force logged it in on my phone to play while at the gym .
shazam is literally the only app i use on my apple watch .
we need a whole subreddit of these metal bending machine gifs
might have to throw in fox and potentially but less likely dillion brooks from oregon
problem with rat infestation isnt the rats lets be real no one is suggesting youre eating rat meat the problem is the nuggets of rodent feces that youll be gobbling down with your meal or as reported in other places health reports that stuff contaminating meat slicer and utensil trays
fucking huddersfield making us look like a newly promoted team.. this is so disgusting .
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
redrafts i be can see why you would n't but dynasty yeah you definitely wan na draft him .
does rekkles get more blowjobs from his chinese fans '' when he pulls the pathetic emo shit after a loss ?
maybe they prefer those slim slender show your emotions type .
basically every major clothing store i 've ever been in including other locations of this chain has a rack next to the exit of the change rooms where you 're meant to put pieces you do n't want .
it 's to prevent people from putting stuff back where it does n't belong .
i personally think she was having a bad day and was just looking for something to complain about .
you can not stop your friends from sharing what you do n't want shared beyond your friends .
there is no such thing as posting on facebook in a way that ca n't be seen by the general public '' .
latest i 've seen for new-build chinese steam is 2002 .
hey man i 'm sure i speak for a large majority of us we 're all here for ya if needed .
stay strong reach for help when needed my man .
pretty envious of the 6d mk2 i 'd have to say
then it came out on vita and i 'm currently playing it on that .
arguably a better experience on vita but the game is awesome nonetheless .
your submission was automatically removed because gainesville.com is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/beetlejuicing if you have any questions or concerns .
there are dozens of us ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
one day we will get a figure ... .^^^^we probably wont
this is done individually and people should have access to his/her real bill .
even if the apartments are metered individually how would they tell which of the x kwh 's your apartment used were yours and which were your roommate 's ?
i am a pro-duterte but never in my life took a photo 'fist bumping . '
and i 'm doing this anyong anyong '' sign with my friends .
what if iacknowledge nalang natin ang strengths and weaknesses ng bawat isa .
i just started a match gim me like 5 or 10 min ?
a lot of people do n't know this but faker was actually a ryze main originally .
if it 's baggage it is something new i have n't been made aware of yet .
but there is definitely 1 pill i have yet to swallow .
is his recounting of the dream in that book as well ?
thought there were parts that could have been toned down as far as reverb .
you have a build up at 1:00 that i would have built up for a few more bars and then get that grime synth the buuuuuuuuuuuuuu saw you used even grimier get it distorted turn down the reverb on your instruments so its more in your face .
you have to accept the fact that there 's no 'hate ' but rather not genuinely interested in joining any groups .
you ca n't take it personal if people do n't want to join your fc it 's hard to do but you have to respect their choice some people probably just do n't feel like being with a group at the moment .
i agree with the people saying that being constantly bombarded with tells and seeing obnoxious shouts can get annoying but i think when you use that approach and you 're not obnoxious about it people warm up to you .
try a different form of networking start a linkshell for fates certain topics certain groups and get to know people so that they can see what kind of person you are to see if your fc is what they 're looking for sometimes you might be asking the wrong type of people in our fc we do n't rp and people dont join because of that but that 's okay lol
penn and teller lol love the second guys expression hahha theyre so great
i feel like anyone would miss your particular pup .
i was just laughing waiting on him to run into a building or something stupid .
what do you perceive as the advantages of an annullment over a divorce ?
if you want to trade make a trade dont use q
hating gay people in the 1930s is pretty normal to be fair i 'm pretty sure cubans hated gay people in the 60s .
about the communist lists i ca n't say i agreed with him but he was scared of an authoritarian style of socialism which he disagreed with being a democratic socialist does that to you .
so he is still my boy for his work in denouncing liberals and showing the plight of the working classes across europe something that helped launch the best years of historical studies in the 1960s .
nah i noticed last week that it was basically just crystal though some of the non-royal inhumans did .
i 've still liked this and last week 's episodes the most though .
145 key sets should include the iso shift 1.25u and big enter and 6.0 space 1.5u and 1u bottom row keys http blog.maxkeyboard.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/razer_us_ansi_104_key_layout.jpg that your board needs yeah .
they usually show all the keys you get somewhere you can check that against it to be 100 sure though .
very early on ca mentioned map and race pack dlc .
that 's what i meant by nopoo i definitely closely monitor its dirtyness and have n't used a real shampoo in months .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i dont think ive agreed with a post any more than this one .
milo doesnt spread facts over feels '' he spreads cherrypicked information that describes how he feels .
he doesnt want to make a positive difference he wants to get the public riled up .
i cant believe his stint on sunrise was trending on youtube with a positive glow .
every '' '' '' '' '' '' statistic '' '' '' '' '' '' '' he mentioned was either a flat out lie from absolutely no study or picked from a study proving the opposite of what he was saying so he could cause contreversy .
this article points out that he gets points for being gay and thats so underplayed it hurts .
he uses the im a gay jew '' defence for everything .
his racist views towards middle-eastern countries what the one that furiated me the most parphrasing here but islamic countries have a much higher birth rate than western countries therefore we need to stop the invasion of islam '' .
does it really need to be pointed out how fucking stupid that is ?
birth rates in the middle east are on average hogher than most western countries .
that doesnt fucking mean theyre in your cities and trying to enact their archaic version of sharia law .
the ones that do try to find refuge in places like the us uk and australia are seeking a better life for their children because their lives were destroyed by this exact fucking garbage rhetoric .
its also this exact disgusting view that makes islamic extremism a valid thing .
they think they can solve the problem by infuriating muslim people despite them knowing it was that practice that caused islamic terrorism in the first fucking place .
nothing he says is even remotely close to the truth and all it takes to know that is a google search of the statistic hes quoting .
but those who want to believe him refuse to do so which makes the problem worse .
his bullshit about college rape culture '' is absolutely vile and downright moronic .
i dont say moronic '' lightly i mean its genuine definition .
hes right that america doesnt encourage rape but thats it .
rape regarding male to female is at a disgusting percentage and to say that our culture doesnt encourage bystanders to stay silent is so misinformed its pajnful but he refuses to acknowledge that and keep pleading the same bullshit message time and time again .
i was a fan of his when i was 15 .
i thought it was funny and cool to be that edgy .
but then i hit an age that could comprehend what i was saying in a real world context everything in regard to my respect for him fell apart .
nothing that he says is true and the people who get affected by it are real .
its not just a racist joke or a sexist joke its genuinely spreading misinformation to make people sexist racsit or sacrilegious .
honestly if you think milo says anything worth hearing you 're a moron .
again i dont say that as an insult i mean that as a definition .
you can ask for an advance payment which is essentially a loan against your regular payments when they finally start .
anecdotally i think you can only get one advance payment though so if for whatever reason your first payment is delayed longer than expected you ca n't ask for another one .
it 's also paid back from your ongoing payments .
if you living hand to mouth a couple of weeks you can handle but 6 weeks is beyond many of those at the bottom .
we 'll transition from existing benefits when they 've finished rolling out the 'full service ' which is currently supposed to be complete by mid-2019 .
i 'm already trying to save a few quid a week a here and there as well as trying to get a couple of weeks of rent in hand in preparation .
i love the first slip and fall ... looks like he ends up doing a sploot ... r/sploot
mirrored post https yukinko888.tumblr.com/post/165343128050/2周年おめでとうございます-誤記してることに今気づいた-wrote-it-wrongly from the tumblr blog marine snow http yukinko888.tumblr.com ''
hope this thread does n't get buried like all the other posts about cheaters in past week or so
i guess that is also because the coin is relatively cheap to buy per unit .
1000 coins for 30 looks a lot better than 1 for 30 .
so you 're going to try and criticize villenueve without having seen his three biggest movies ?
sure the overall premise of arrival is nothing profound to start with but by the end i was absolutely in love with the story .
and sicario is not a cops vs drug dealers movie at all .
at least watch the movies to have an opinion .
the second two would be great if they were a couple
i was just talking about getting a 20 peso earlier today unfortunately im working 6am-6pm 6 days a week for the next 3 weeks so i would n't be near a open usps until then .
edit unless a trusted member could send the money order for me and i send them the funds via gw or pp.. just a thought .
omg this video is sooooooooo old i ca n't believe it 's circulating again .
you can always find those npcs that you can assist and then they will give you an option to fix any one of your weapons for you .
there are really three ways to look at wbg or any wedge really based on which of the colors you center on .
abzan iirc is centered on w but a b-centered view would probably be more like what u/wildlyplatonic said
they are just waiting to quit when they found a new non-teaching job .
i did n't see anyone feinting in that video .
feinting is what that guy should have been doing to counter your parry .
indeed comrade u/wnlomas and given that i 'm also somewhat buddhist i 'm part-thai i quite appreciated zuramaru 's adorable championing of the state of emptiness/voidness as the ultimate mental state that one can achieve .
fyi zuramaru was discussing a core buddhist concept with her idea that and zuramaru was also as adorable as ever last episode !
i look forward to the upcoming episode and whatever your choice for the zuramaru pic of the day week is comrade have a good day and see you on the discussion thread !
the more projects he pioneers the more i become sexually aroused by him .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
they switched from caliber trucks v1 to cheap clone knock offs with the v2 .
i wish that items you already have would either leave the loot table or have a super low chance to be rolled up again .
lately it seems like 2 out of 3 of my items are things i already have .
well once you get the real thing you ca n't go back .
biomes are n't defined by area like you think they are .
i do mma i love mma and i do watch mma .
so i do n't get butthurt over a little slap .
now instead of being a hellhole of warring sunni jihadi warlords '' it 's a hellhole of shia militants and assadists .
yeah we saw how peaceful and developed liberated homs looks like even after 3 years of its liberation saw the video yesterday .
maybe now that trump has cut off aid to the rebels
and yet rebels are kicking it and has n't suffered any major losses since the last one aleppo that came under obama 's rule .
rebels do n't rely on u.s anymore but rather on turkey saudi arabia and qatar .
i think people just wan na make fun of women for liking things .
unlike years past he has n't been overused and it is the series .
smoking by yourself and watching this sunset would be fucking magical .
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
certainly that is good but that actually makes me wonder if there is more to this .
think about it fi generally involves having 25x your annual spending in fairly liquid assets or ownership of revenue streams and so on .
these would all be assets in play during a divorce so you 'd think that if anything fi would tend to make divorce more likely .
throw in the fact that you really need both parties in a marriage to be on-board to make it work you 'd think there is a recipe for conflict .
if it has the opposite effect then there is something interesting going on .
i can think of a bunch of possible reasons we do n't hear more about divorce around here
people doing fi have the same divorce rate as everybody else but they just do n't talk about it here for whatever reason .
the sort of people who are interested in fi long-term planners are better at picking the right people to marry so that divorce is less likely .
maybe the steady reduction of stress and fear of outside influences makes it easier for a couple to get along .
on the flip side a divorce takes a couple that is in a very stable situation and suddenly puts them both in an unstable situation .
item 3 is an interesting idea and could probably be broken into many factors itself .
when you think about it fi is a shared goal/activity .
it also frees people up to spend more time together .
that said from personal experience simply being together does n't automatically make people happy together .
i 'd also be interested in breakup rates early vs late in the fi journey .
does the decision to go fi create stress on a relationship as there is a need to drastically reduce expenses ?
if the asset pool ever grows to the point where it could be divided and both parties would still be fi does that make divorce more likely ?
fi is just so outside the cultural norms in the us at least that it is really hard to say how the community really works .
i 'm not sure if anybody has collected even basic statistics on divorce rates among the fi community .
when you look at articles that say the average american could n't pay an unexpected 500 expense and anybody working towards fi could with hardship pay an unexpected expense 100-1000x as large it is clear that we 're way outside the norm .
i thought they came in 3 's ... at least i know huntsmans do .
everytime you kill one massive mofo you know there are two more hiding ... .watching ... .waiting ... .
a scarf ... you know.. for hiding your helmet under while robbing a caterpillar .
fnatic have map control why let twitch get cloud drakes ?
and i suppose you think tony allen wont be remembered by anyone either ?
so people who sound more knowledgeable on the issue than me have said that despite not officially removing autonomy by removing the leaders and other acts autonomy has effectively been removed .
you see those old geezers out there driving 45ft motor homes and pulling a car hauler behind them ?
det är viktigt att låta begåvade studenter få studera i ökat tempo det finns ju mycket som pekar på att begåvade studenter får det väldigt svårt i skolan för att de blir uttråkade och understimulerade vilket i slutändan får de att tappa motivationen .
med det sagt 15-åringar med patientkontakt är något som låter väldigt fel i mina ögon .
man har ju hört exempel på extrembegåvade barn som börjar med mer teoretiska områden på universitet typ fysik o.dyl men hade aldrig hört talas om 16-åriga läkarstudenter .
för exemplet i artikeln tycker jag det känns fel en läkares framgång bygger väldigt mycket på det förtroende patienten känner för läkaren och vilken vuxen känner förtroende för tonåringar ?
nu kommer de visserligen inte vara ensamma praktiserande läkare fören i de tidiga 20-åren men även det känns väldigt ungt i mina ögon .
mycket av min skepsis bygger förvisso på fördomar mot folk i 20årsåldern och neråt men de fördomarna är ju faktiskt ganska välgrundade .
yes i 'm new and i expected that to be the case already .
i never said the kurds '' i said kurds '' ftfy .
ah yeah i get you now sorry about that it 'll surely be in the full season 4 soundtrack if it ever releases ...
one of the better rasp knives i 've seen .
and on the forth day god said washington redskins go fuck yourself
so i started chatting with a girl years ago i do n't remember how we got to meet each other but i did n't have a girlfriend at the time .
we barely knew each other and i think we 've seen one another only once before the story i 'm about to tell .
she lived at least one hour away from where i lived and she did n't have car or anything .
the day i 'm going to talk about i was sick it was a sunday i think i had a bad cold one of those that make you just want to stay in bed and watch movies if that .
i was chatting with her and she told me she could come to my place to take care of me .
i thought it was unusual but sweet still i refused .
in the end i gave up and she came to my place .
she sat on my bed and she was n't really helping in any way shape or form just sitting there talking still company i guess .
she then started making it clear that she wanted to bang .
i do n't really like to have sex with someone i 'm not in a relationship with and even though i was interested in her we were n't even close to that point yet .
plus i was sick even if we were at that point i would n't have done anything .
she kept repositioning in suggestive positions and any time i did n't get on top of her she sighed annoyed and quite clearly told me that it was boring and dull she even went ahead and tried to take off some clothes to show cleavage .
i do n't know if she was just desperate to have sex to the point that even that situation was ok if she liked me that much or if she had a fetish for sick people .
another girl i could 've dated but showed crazyness .
she made very inappropriate jokes for the time we 've known each other and she then started to threaten female friends .
as a swede i 'm a bit offended but i have to admit it 's funny .
i ca n't count how many times i 've heard the how do you sink a norwegian submarine just knock on the door joke ''
if so then he can match soraka 's heal with q-auto-q-auto-q-auto till he runs oom .
your tone implies you sympathise more with a guy who is falsely accused and women should count themselves lucky .
there are heroes that ca n't even sell their aghs because it would cause problems .
they try to force the classic witty main character with zingers '' trope that 's found in every mcu movie on this movie and it falls so fucking flat every time it 's terrible .
also his group of wacky zany hacker comedy relief pals were cringe af
when i watched the movie it felt so extremely generic and unoriginal that every joke just made me eye roll
352 serie a team him and balo did wonders for me
so a suit change is bigger then the green arrow suddenly becoming a black man ?
going faster than the speed limit in any line is illegal .
vitafushion fiber well sugar free gummies 5 grams of fiber .
i find them at walmart by the other supplements like metamucil .
the serving size says 2 but i go with one .
god i hate to sound like a prick but that 's ios 11 .
os x renamed macos is the os that runs on macs .
ah ok guess everything is alright since you said so .
the front plate ruins the entire car for you ?
that is the most ridiculous thing i 've heard all day haha !
but the cars have the empty mounting bracket and holes still there for it lol .
in ontario the license plate matches the aesthetic of my r anyway .
not requiring the front plate is a minor luxury i suppose .
but in no conceivable universe does it ruin the entire car lol !
i 've lived in norwich for 10 years now and never once been asked if i wanted a cup of drink .
all they need to do is add loot only obtainable through the prestige mode .
you want that actually amazing armor set which has stat choices ?
you want one of these 3 or 4 guns ?
they have to give some kimd of unique reward for the efforts .
i do n't care if i dont get stronger '' i just want a valid reason to do it .
have armors drop sometimes ... a few tokens each boss .
then you can buy armor pieces you did n't get with the 'prestige mode ' tokens .
false rape accusations also hurt the people that are accused .
you watch the stream and have your ea acct linked to twitch acct and 2 packs magically show up in your inventory .
might do it today so if you have twitch and want it just google how to link your madden and twitch accts .
holy shit i used to love these as a kid .
my overlord overlord raising hell rise of the argonauts operation flashpoint dragon rising operation flashpoint red river for paypal
but if a police officer is being attacked they have to defend themselves .
if you 're a fan of it make sure to pick up pet pal .
they are not responsible for the stupidity of america .
sometimes you need to use it especially in some corners to change the direction quickly
it was easy when i finally mustered the courage to get out of my car !
i wish i would have had someone with me for support but i just went about my business .
you are supposed to finish inside the glove or stocking and then they put their hands/feet back in .
i 've been away for a while but meetup has a lot of groups nowadays .
my wife actually witnessed this and told me about it ... she witnessed my sister in law follow her daughter in to a bathroom at a catering hall that we were attending a party at and use toilet paper to cover the seat she was going to put her precious little ass on ... ... she 's 16 .
but a side dodge still dodges the kick like any other class .
it 's not like valkyrie does a side dash and is just ages away with quick recovery ...
someone in my ff league one drafted adrian peterson of the bears with the first pick of the draft .
if you want to eventually start your own consulting business then very relevant .
but really working in any professional industry for several years can be used as a building block to entrepreneurship .
i left consulting to start my own business after 12 years .
by then i had a lot of money in the bank and a good network of business connections .
other car manufacturers develop their cars with a price point goal get the production line in order and then figure out the true selling price for a profit .
tesla took orders for a 35k car and are now panicking because they know they ca n't make money on it .
lol at musk trying to apply first principals to a high cost highly competition field .
i 'm a proponent of meat on the bone .
been like that for months and they do n't seem particular keen on fixing it .
it just takes once or two meeting them to re-establish the friendship .
also you can always make some new friends have you joined the r/monyets whatsapp group ?
in 5e weapon bonuses go up to 3 these apply to damage and attack rolls made with the weapon .
hitting and damage is also a case of ascending numbers in 5e you do n't have thac0 to roll under your enemy has a set armour you roll a d20+strength or dex depending on the weapon proficiency catch-all bonus for anything in which you are skilled weapon bonuses is the weapon is from 1 to 3 .
you try to beat or equal your enemy 's ac .
bonuses after bonuses are more of a 3.5 thing .
5e tried to reduce the amount of bookkeeping from those editions does away with most percentile dice as well .
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
you can use your abilities to help secure the area while we wait for them to arrive.
you should show her the video of the guy freaking out at mcdonald 's .
even though it 's fake it still sums up the outrage .
the club is fictional and exists only in the tv series .
i have a set and using it kinda feels wrong but ... . embarrassment i kinda like it !
it 's funny ppl down voting you but that 's the truth i will always vote for mithy even that ignar played really good ...
then reagan must have been spooked his own name .
also trump tower is off by just two as well .
i miss swan songs and american tragedy charlie too ... those offensive and sexist bars made him my fav hu member d
how does wukong has the fastest movement speed ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
have you ever seen anyone shorten aesop rock to rock ?
i plan on getting bf4 again on pc i used to play on ps3 since i 'm slightly unsatisfied with bf1 .
the game has been out for quite a while so i 'm wondering how long would it be until bf4 dies ?
assume asuka is the raw champ and carmela finally cashed in and is the sd champ by the time january rolls around ...
charlotte sasha becky bayley alexa nia emma naomi natty alicia tamina mickie james ... that 's 12 ... add sumner rae lana and maybe a surprise nxt call up.. the top 10 are all interesting and you can make a case for them winning or coming close ...
charlotte wins and all sets up a 1 on 1 at mania ... charlotte vs asuka ... the women 's dream match we all want to see
mvci clash of the stones ps4 online tournament 2 ps4 online tournament 10/21/17 final results https smash.gg/tournament/mvci-clash-of-the-stones-ps4-online-tournament-2-10/events
the next ps4 online tournament for the mvci clash of the stones will be on 11/3/17 7:00pm est 4:00pm pst .
comes with box charger and black defender otter box .
currently own a stock remington 870 pump action shotgun .
what is the legality in buying a pistol grip and replacing the standard stock ?
a kalimba is a small instrument that sounds really similar to a music box
it 's so relaxing i love it so much .
i want to unlock some of the other characters .
it 's highly personal as that 's what i 've been told to write so keep that in mind .
im mostly looking for a copy of sp fbw .
i have several non-unusual cosmetics and i am working on collecting keys for trade .
i 'm only doing this because im a bit short of cash and was thinking of going for stick of truth if this seems too impossible .
my profile is public and my inventory is too so here 's a link to them .
feel free to reply to this thread if your interested then contact me if you have questions .
tell me what the worst creatures from your world looks like .
what common item or holy artifact can stop them ?
i 'd like some advice regarding purchasing a spare engine for the purpose of upgrading/streamlining the internals in preparation of a turbo kit .
my 2012 cr-z has the honda lea-mf6 i-vtec ima engine and i wonder if it be wise to purchase a spare engine to take apart for modififcation port/polish forged con-rods/pistons etc.. ?
the cr-z has a factory-warrantied supercharger available to it increasing whp from 130 to 197 so the safety of boosting itself is not my concern .
my goal however is to over build the engine and learn along the way .
build up a spare engine nice and ... tight ?
lastly where would you all suggest i find a spare honda engine ?
people have recommended ebay but it seems dicey at best .
would i need the wiring harness and all that good-stuff if i purchased a spare engine ?
i killed 6 telos the final defenders of the heart of gielinor .
i am finally going to play assault on doomrock after a long hiatus and wanted to discuss any tips to make the game more enjoyable .
last time i played i got destroyed in the first battle so want to last a little bit longer this time .
i have this weird seemingly cyclical or irrational habit of getting triggered '' by something usually small like he did n't say hello to me '' or i was n't initially invited to this thing '' and then my brain starts compounding all of that and i get irrationally depressed .
i will start hating myself and telling myself that no one loves me and that i am worthless .
the world starts to feel very closed in and small and even if i know i should be thinking positive i end up reverting back to negativity .
the only time i can seem to reset these moods is if i sleep or get some reassurance but i 'm in a position now where i do n't feel like i should even talk to anyone about these issues anymore because its just too much baggage to lay on my friends .
i feel like people pretend to kindness and that really i 'm just an unlikable unrespectable person or at least not at all what i should be .
this post is for self promotion for stores that wish to post .
this was so fucking stupid what a waste of money ... and that mouse ... god what had i done ? !
i 'd have exclaimed in mingled disbelief and triumph if the weirdly pink and black smoke had not engulfed me a sputtering cough skewing my features as my hands batted at the smoke as it surrounded me .
warmth slowly started to spread from the crudely drawn pentagram and whatever sense of space i had compressed as i felt something tugging at me pulling me bodily toward the center of the pentagram .
yea no the book holy shit the book actually worked did n't mention that part as i feebly grasped for my bed post .
papers and books flew from my desk a poster ripping from the wall as my shout of fear collapsed as more smoke entered my lungs .
but then all at once it stopped and the click of heels resounded on the wooden floor of my bedroom .
the dimly lit bedroom yep the whole deal with candles on the pentagram and everything cleared of the smoke and began to warm up considerably .
not exactly what i was expecting when i 'd finally summoned the courage to ... summon you from that book i 'd picked up from the creepy shop on 9th .
no hooves no horns tail or wings from what i could see but ...
so uh ... hi ... '' i manage out my dark blue eyes doing their best to gorge themselves on your figure .
i could feel the warmth penetrating my body with each inhale of breath .
so uhm ... shit ... by the power of the infernal depths i wish to enter a pact with you in this world .
upon completion of this pact i shall retain all its benefits and you shall return from whence you ... you came ... with ... ''
talking was a bit difficult given that you 'd moved closer to me your every movement a cross between a runway model 's graze and the temptation of the basest porn star .
you ask with a small predatory smirk and a conflicting feeling of lust and terror surged through me .
i ask running a hand through my untidy black hair with a glance at the floor before returning to the malevolent beauty before me .
well at infernal innocence incineration incorporated there are specific rules about any bargain '' you said with a smile and a snap of your fingers leads to a flameburst between us a black red-inked quill hovering before an extended roll of parchment which fell to the floor .
it had to be 5-point font on it at best .
the only letters big enough to read were four large i 's in gold and red lined in black at the top .
the book did n't mention any rules for me ! ''
what else did n't i know about this situation ?
that does n't sound very ... ya know demonic ! ''
i of the boy who 'd literally bought a mouse and sacrificed it in an effort to get laid suddenly upset at something not making sense ... god that predatory smile would be the end of me .
mmmm yes we 've updated with the times '' you http i.imgur.com/ijgutij.jpg say with a completely unnecessary flick of a long long tongue across your lips .
well ... this was much more involved than i 'd thought ...
i wanted to leave this open-ended as to what the rules '' are because i really do enjoy a collaborative rp .
i want to make the rules with you based on your kinks and your desires .
the main thing is that corruption has to remain a center piece of this rp .
the basic premise is that your character the aforementioned succubus as reprised by some smoke show model of your choice charlotte mckinney is the linked image need to corrupt some innocence here on earth .
or both because seriously what boy is not going to be corrupted when he has a gorgeous succubus whispering all manner of temptation in his ear
am i not allowed to touch you at all and you 're just here to help me corrupt others ?
can i be allowed if i hit a certain depth of corruption ?
perhaps you want me to corrupt a female family member .
but ultimately become so corrupt during our swath through cheerleaders teachers female cops whomever that my morality and innocence have been ... incinerated .
i 'll be here all week try the veal !
that 's by no means the only way this can go .
a good rp partner can talk about their desires and how to steer a rp .
my kinks are flexible and really none of them nonnegotiable to include .
my preference is for a partner with the willingness for multiple character play but even that you need not have the burden of fully playing anyone besides the succubus unless you so desire as we can split the ... npcs if you will .
but if you 're intent on having a 1-on-1 we can certainly work that .
i 'm curious if anyone would know if such positions exists over there ?
as far as i know respiratory only exists in few countries .
would be even better if anyone in here is a therapist from australia so i could pick your brain !
during a roll today i felt something warm and squishy .
proceeded to go for the north-south kimura on the dude .
some times you think it be a fart but it do n't .
i 'm new to town and trying to meet some new people .
anybody need another member for a trivia night somewhere ?
i 've got my own car and i 'm not a heavy drinker .
specialties are movies and history with a sprinkling of sports .
even if you do n't do trivia i 'm still just trying to meet new people in general hit me up if you need a new drinking buddy !
i spent six years in the navy and i just started a new job here in austin where i travel around the country
so last year i had to run a school program with some other dudes and we exchanged numbers
i feel like they dont really want to ever communicate with me so idk if i should add them and/or their snapchat friends
suggest universes and hope yandere dev makes a yandere simulator 2 based on it do n't email him though please he goes through enough emails already not sure if it slowed down at all but still if you do well you know
i 'm at the boston show right now and this is the fourth time they have played afternoon delight '' over the loudspeaker .
so far i 've had the ai use quintessence on my lvl 5 lands and had my kaiser penguin unable to destroy a claymore i ca n't remember the creature name but it did n't have a prevents destroy ability .
i know the game has always manipulated the luck in favor of the ai but this is something else .
anybody else having these kinds of issues or is my game maybe just buggy ?
huni might leave for another team especially if skt does n't win and untara would take his place
peanut is very likely to leave actually he simply does not fit the team and has been very underwhelming on skt .
he was supposed to fix their early game issues but their early game is still a flaw .
he 's probably fed up of koreans hating on him for so long that may have a part of why he 's performing so poorly for a player of his caliber .
if he does n't retire he might leave korea and go to china/na to cash in .
last year he wanted to follow bengi and join him but bengi convinced him not to he was getting very stressed out last year this year might be the end '' of his career as one of the best adcs .
wolf also wanted to follow bengi and if bang leaves wolf is very very likely to also want to leave .
i get the feeling kt rolster is winning worlds 2018 since skt was their only obstacle .
unless of course deft/smeb decide to join skt or something
sohco is a group of veteran eve players who recently left sov null to escape the blue donut .
we are adults with busy lives exploring eve for areas that maximize our fun per hour. our first stop is black rise where we have signed up for the caldari militia to conduct space violence and unlearn the ways of the donut .
we seek content with consequence where individual decisions can make a difference .
we are surrounded by content and regularly take out fleets with three active and experienced fcs .
our current calendar includes scheduled roams each week as well as social mixers involving some combination of pve and booze .
we encourage all our members to try their hand at content creation whether that 's through solo pvp fcing our fleets organizing group pve or just being a character .
our corp takes pride in our healthy balance between competence and fun .
all of our pilots have the drive to learn more and improve pvp skills .
but we never forget that this is our hobby and it 's all about fun in the end .
classy people we insist on mature members who demonstrate wit humor and sportsmanship .
actual friends our core group has been playing eve together for a year or more and we are part of a 12-year old multi-game community .
as friends with deep roots we have cultivated a fun collaborative zero-drama atmosphere .
organization we have seasoned leadership with a proven track record across multiple games .
supportive we encourage members to be engaged take risks create content and help us to build our presence in the game .
want to fc or otherwise help us blow stuff up ?
relaxed we are committed to make eve fun and accessible to working adults .
nomadic we are in the midst of a corporate walkabout where we decided to head out into the eve wilderness in search of maximum fun per hour .
we are currently fighting for the caldari militia in black rise painting our killboard red with frigates while we learn to be better pilots .
we do n't know our final destination and we kind of like it like that !
we prefer applicants who are ustz pvp-oriented and have some previous exposure to life outside of hi-sec .
sohco hopes to see you in at least one fleet per week .
we also expect all members to be active on our message board .
that said we do not see ourselves as elite '' we are still learning and making mistakes every day !
right now is a great time for new players to join as we are learning to be better pilots through a series of structured pvp challenges each week .
we 'd also welcome applicants from outside of the us just keep in mind that our fleets usually start between 0100 and 0200 !
if you are interested we encourage you to get in touch with us by doing any or all of the following
join our discord and ask for a recruiter https discord.gg/y3z825x
join the channel sohco public and make some new space-friends
send in-game mail/convo to simone kaundur or valence benedetto .
it is murray 's rest day and pens are leaving niemi in the net .
game is n't even half over and it is 0-6 bolts .
who is your bbeg what is the plot of your game ?
after grinding in the desert with my camel im trying to carry it back to town because i ran out of durability .
is it okay if i kill him yes let him die and then heal him in valencia or sand grain bazar ?
it feels like i can never get anything done besides eat sleep work and self-soothe .
i 'd like to have more fulfilling daily rituals but giving up self-soothing time for long can wreak havoc on other areas of my life .
i pretty much always feel like i 'm right on the brink of another meltdown .
after having my second mental breakdown from stress earlier this year i 'm not willing to chance losing my job or any other source of stability because i tried to do too much but my doing too much '' seems to be other people 's doing very little . ''
any way to screw this bitch of a scam ?
these fuckers were on yahoo ads and sadly but fortunately it was only 1 eth that i loss but i want them to burn in hell !
jesus i 'm pissed but i learned a hell of a lesson .
i 'm always gon na be paranoid even though i just bookmarked the real shapeshift now whenever i send anything .
i guess i was just too excited at that moment .
when i am using google maps the audio will play through my phone speaker instead of my airpods .
it will cut the sound off of what i 'm listening to on my airpods and then play the audio through the phone speaker .
is it possible to have the gmaps audio play through the airpods instead ?
i 've been trying to find out who would 've been the first boot had the girls lost and kourtney not broken her wrist .
what i 'm finding is that kourtney says it would 've been christina and nina says the first target was always kourtney with the second target being monica until nina had a breakdown that went unaired .
i realized then how many different pages that tribe really was on .
chelsea alicia kat sabrina and kim probably all talked about targeting a different person sometimes they even considered targeting people in their own alliance .
but alas kim had final say in every vote she went to ! !
the season actually could have been exciting if it were n't for kim .
the original five alliance would have imploded like nobody 's business had it not been for kim keeping it all together .
i think it was because she was the most well-liked person by kat chelsea sabrina and alicia individually that they all listened to her .
granted i do n't think the ow cast was the best cast by any means but the season could have been much more entertaining and strategic had it not been for kim .
not blaming her of course i just do n't think it 's the cast as a whole that made the season boring like many say it is it was one person !
it might take some time until the current episode becomes available on the list .
the following post by tommyfknshelby is being replicated because the post has been silently greylisted .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
its my 4rth playthru this time as a titan for the first time .
here what i did so u might help me .
create my titan and do the minimum until i can visit titan
farm public event fot 5 hours to hit lvl 20
log with my best hunter and transfer me best gear .
gear up farm a bit more to get blue stuff hit xur to get one armor .
no purple pup up at all but more blue .
5 more hours later of farming pe and strickes and milstone on this new character .
i 've had grim dawn sitting in my steam library for quite a while now but i 've never really gotten a chance to sit down and play it .
with the dlc released my interest was renewed but i do n't really want to drop another 20 on a game i 've yet to play just to get the full experience .
could n't i just as effectively send money using another zero fee currency ?
this is showing by my increasingly frequent breakdowns and almost constant anxiety about dealing with the jws and loosing my family and their support .
and ive thought of how i 'll do it .
i 'll present this video and show how the experience of this man parallels mine almost word for word .
even the hell part that can be translated to my fear of being eternaly destoryed .
just as bad if not worse in my eyes .
so far i have them on the top of my list over civics and camry 's small sedans because i do a decent amount of camping and enjoy having extra trunk space as well .
i know my budget is n't high enough to be picky but do you think these vehicles are good choices to look for ?
it 's quite a popular genre of porn and i know like most porn it 's created with a straight male audience in mind .
so im in the middle of planning out a pretty big sculpture basically something in the vein of a mini about 37cm tall rodin 's gates of hell https www.college.columbia.edu/core/sites/core/files/images/hoellentor.jpg so ive got most of sketching done and im just figuring out how to make the base so far my plan is making the door frame out of plywood and from what ive read covering it in pvc should seal it so the wood doesnt expand but im thinking that im also going to drill some holes and thread wire loops through but im kinda concerned that the clay isnt gon na stick the wood if ive got the pvc on there .
basically my question is for all you lovely people out there do i even need to seal the wood ?
and how well is the clay going to stick to it ?
1. no pva came right off the ply after baked
2. just pva worked really well had to really dig my fingernails under it to pry part of it off
3. pva with sand i can barely get it off took quite a bit of time to break off a corner im probably going to go with this it smells like freshly baked cookies for some reason
i 'm a male student 17 and i 'm looking for a cologne that i could use casually for everyday classes .
i guess i m perhaps using the wrong word power '' .. but what i want to ask that how much role worker councils played in management of factory economy and administration at local level ?
did they play a significant role or were they administered from top
i am given a curriculum that does not match the needs of my below grade level students .
at the same time it is required that every teacher in the same grade be teaching similar materials basically the same .
at the same time my students are extremely difficult to manage and unwilling to do work .
i feel like everything i teach goes through one ear and comes out the other .
sometimes i feel so overwhelmed i ca n't even keep up with what needs to be done .
connor hellebuyck has clearly been playing well for the jets .
he is 4-0-0 with a .937s and 2.00 gaa in his 4 starts which excludes his relief appearance against toronto .
i decided to see how his numbers from these 4 consecutive starts compared to all of the 4 consecutive start blocks he played last year .
this excludes relief appearances but includes games that he did n't finish .
his worst 4 game start blocks were near the end of the season .
during this stretch he went 0-3-1 and posted a rough 4.29gaa and an .870s .
he was pulled from the pittsburgh game just under half-way through the game .
the next block of 4 starts pit cgy nsh and the next game nyi he was 4.24gaa and .870s as well .
he did however bounce back before the end of the season winning 4 of his final 5 starts .
1-3-1 with a 1.47gaa and .946s which is skewed somewhat by the 42 save shutout at home against nashville .
not exactly the record you would like to see from the statistically best 4 consecutive starts of the year .
a block of 4 games that is n't dominated by 1 performance
3-1-0 is a much better record for some of the best games of the year .
in this stretch he put up a .942s and a 2.01gaa
all in all there were 3 different 4-game blocks where bucky had a better s than what he has posted so far this season and 6 different 4-game blocks where his gaa was better than his current stats 3 of them came consecutively though .
it 's not something we have n't seen from him before but it is a level that he needs to prove he can consistently play at .
looking for 2 suggestions one around 500 and the other 1,000
i have a computer that was built around 5 years ago so all of my parts are outdated .
i play lots of games mainly league of legends/fallout 4 and i used to stream on twitch .
i never thought my pc was slow until i complained about my stream constantly disconnecting when i would try to play games .
we have the best internet you can get shy of fiber-optic so i know it 's not an internet issue .
my husband told me to restart my computer and see how long it takes for everything to load
it took what i thought was a normal amount of time until he restarted his and it was basically instant !
i was so used to it taking forever that i thought it was normal .
i told him when i got it and he said that it 's slow because everything 's super old .
i had technically built this pc myself by buying different parts from different companies and doing what research i could to make sure they 're all compatible i know next to nothing about computers but a friend of mine told me it would be cheaper to make your own .
it took lots of time and stress to make sure everything worked and i 'd really rather not have to go through all of that again because i was basically a chicken with it 's head chopped off .
i would prefer just shelling out the extra money hopefully not too much and just buy one pre-built .
tl dr i do n't need tons of space since i really only use my pc for games and social media but i need a pc that can withstand a lot of usage at once streaming 60fps while playing gta5 at the highest quality and having multiple browsers open running videos would be the best example i can think of .
i 'd appreciate it if i could get 2 suggestions .
1 expensive pc since my computer is old idk what 's 'expensive ' now a days maybe 800 ?
and 1 that works with what i want or maybe a little less if it saves a pretty penny for a more reasonable price .
ok so i moved in to this current house about 5 years ago .
there 's been strange things going on since even before we officially moved in .
the first time..my sister and i were in the empty house alone painting the bedrooms before we moved any furniture in .
we were standing at a table we 'd brought in mixing the paint up and we both hear these really clear heavy footsteps behind us .
we both spin around scared because we were supposed to be totally 100 alone in this house and no one was there .
second instance ... i was sitting on my couch around midnight reading and all of a sudden the door leading from my kitchen into the garage starts shaking and the doorknob is twisting back and forth really hard like someone is trying to get in through the locked door .
i 'm petrified and i 've got goosebumps so all i can do is stare at the door for the 45 seconds or so this goes on then it sounds like there 's someone inside my garage scratching their nails from the top of the door down to bottom and back up again .
keep in mind this is a standard size door and i live in a well populated city .
my husband thought maybe a possum or raccoon got in the garage but i 've never seen a 6 foot tall possum or raccoon .
third instance i 'd gotten a puppy probably 6 months before this time .
she suddenly stood in the threshold between my living room and kitchen i had full line of sight to every spot in the kitchen and starts barking and snarling to my empty kitchen .
next thing i know my fridge door flings open .
my kids and i are sitting on the couch and my dog runs to the doorway between my living room and the front room we do n't use bad vibes and starts doing the same thing .
suddenly a bottle of water my son had left sitting on the window sill in that front room comes flying through the doorway and lands on the floor in front of the couch .
there 's been other things but those are the ones that scared me the most .
i feel like something 's watching me at random times but i feel like there 's something evil in my garage .
it just gives me a really really bad feeling .
what do you expect him to rise or drop to in the coming days ?
after doing my own fair amount of research i have come up with the following tentative setup
i 've seen a lot of support for how op vaan is with these roles but i kind of want to replace fb with samurai and give it to fran .
this is intended to be an endgame/platinum team so i do n't really want to use machinist .
i 've seen a lot of support for basch as an archer so i would probably make him a second bushi or knight .
other than that i think i 'm pretty happy with my potential team .
is that on a lan on like a stage ?
i wan na know the true last moment on clubpenguin .
i 'm really curious does anyone know who the last penguin was ?
or when clubpenguin officially closed its servers to everybody .
i was watching our national morning program today and the hosts were interviewing a doctor about ndes .
then the host said something which gave me goosebumps .
he was discussing how when people who die are revived they often recount seeing their lives pass before their eyes .
even though they might have only been dead for a minute it takes them hours to recite even just a small part of what they 'saw ' .
then he said what if all of us are dead now and we are just reliving our lives in our mind now ? ''
i dont see a reason why would they show a top lane champion and bot lane player camera at the same time .
i would love to see both champion and player camera synced so i can see how they react to certain situations plays etc
the fukuoka softbank hawks defeated the tohoku rakuten golden eagles by a score of 7-0 at yahuoku dome !
in game 5 of the pacific league climax series final rounds and are moving on to the japan series for the first time since year 2015 this will be their 4th japan series appearance in 7 years 2011 2014 2015 2017 .
fukuoka softbank hawks infielder seiichi uchikawa homered in his 4th consecutive game this postseason setting a new npb postseason record .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
trying to decide which monitor to get with what i expect to be a rx580
or any other 1080p freesync monitor thats worth the money
is there a web utility that will tell me this ?
... . does anyone have all songs of ep1 ep2 ?
i had my first easily recognisable wild induced lucid dream in a few weeks fell off the wagon in sleep quality and it was two levels down .
it was a pain to remember because i had to wake up out of two different states before waking up to actually be able to log it .
it makes me wonder if i have been having hese deep lucids but losing them on the way out .
but anyways i looked at my sleep tracker and it logs this period in a very unusual shape .
it shows waking to rem in almost a zig zag and i know that these long periods of awake '' may not be as clear cut and may be sensing the points on the edge of lucid attention where i think i woke myself up but was in another dream .
has anyone else tracked their sleep stages in reference to lucidity ?
i have n't had the ability to track stages for long so i 'm not completely certain .
it is also hard to determine in physical time where the dream actually took place but this case was clearer because of the wild waking gap .
hey guys i need some help here will be very much appreciated .
i recently just got an orange crush 20 rt but the thing is i ca n't seem to adjust the settings into distortion mode or metal '' sound if that make sense to you sorry still a newbie ...
i ca n't find any result through googling and youtubing hence coming here .
ps i 'm living in an apartment and ca n't play it loudly .
i do n't find steam 's map editor handy can i create the whole map in maya and import them into sdk ?
tre halloween event 2017 fear the force saturday 28th 7pm bst hundreds of cartel armour boxes for epic pvp duels millions and millions total rewards nar shaddaa prom cantina !
the elder scrolls legends 2 card packs skyrim 1 event ticket 100 gold 100 souls offer
i 've played since the open beta i keep coming back to the game and i 'm impressed by how it 's improved but i always just stop but i 'm confused what i 'm meant to actually do ...
i 'm not the kinda guy that grinds for stuff i do n't find it entertaining to do the same mission over and over now if that 's still warframes primary source of content then i guess i 'm out of luck ?
i digress this time i came back for the eidolon stuff and i was super impressed by the scale i wandered about killed some stuff did some of the incursions i think and it was fun .
but i did n't feel like i was really progressing .
it 's not like diablo 3 where you can have fun murdering everything but then also get some decent loot and feel like there 's progression .
so i guess then if i 'm the kind of person that will just buy the warframe he wants and levels it up what progression is actually in the game ?
the long awaited clack for alzheimer 's charity raffle is finally kicking off !
i apologize in advance for the huge post but check it all out !
my site 's page for the charity raffle https www.komatozkaps.com/pages/clack-for-alzheimers-charity-raffle
it is my second charity raffle and this time the focus of the cause is for alzheimer 's as well as dementia !
the organization is for the alzheimer 's association https alz.org which was recommended by u/wokechill and his peers thank you !
you can find more information about what they do with the money how they help etc on the website !
our last charity raffle garnered almost 450 so this time i am hoping we will hit 1,000 by the end of this !
before i go any further i would like to explain that i still do take stuff like heart disease and especially cancer very seriously i 've had relatives pass away with cancer .
however i personally found that they were never in shortage of awareness active support etc. at least when compared to the folks who struggle with alzheimer 's and dementia .
they are two different illnesses but both are very taxing and scary to both the patient and their families .
my grandmother is currently struggling with it and it is very scary stressful frustrating and very sad to see someone who was once a full person struggle with one thing at a time then even start to have a change in their personality .
the korean healthcare system is n't the most greatest in certain points to put it simply
unfortunately my grandmother 's story is not uncommon among the people and families with this scary illness .
so if you wish to enter there are just a few set rules !
minimum donation of 10 is required to enter you can submit multiple times but it wont increase your chances of winning .
even if you submit multiple times with different donations .
timestamped photo not screenshot of proof of donation made must be submitted .
donation location please make the donation directly to alzheimer 's association https alz.org
timestamp example this is how the proof should look like https imgur.com/3rxculy with paper timestamp and digital timestamp .
if you would like to do more to help please spread the word !
i will be manually checking each form to keep up a donation tracker '' and i am hoping we will hit 1,000 by the end of this !
charity raffle will start on october 22 12 am hst
charity raffle will end on november 3 11:59 pm hst it was extended ! !
winners will be rolled and pulled and announced on november 4th with video recording proof !
i would like to sincerely thank every single person who is helping to sponsor this charity raffle !
this could n't be as big as it is without their support and help !
custom 'clack for alzheimer 's ' let 's split case by u/jolimon from https jolimonkb.com
jazz cap 1984 palm and avocado toast https i.redditmedia.com/dhblchr0aolguc5j_nkun5cmzqkfnwrgkbnnairl4yo.jpg ? w=1024 s=e13da785c47e6758c8f6e14f0b46e565 by u/primecap from https primecaps.ca
wooden wrist rest with some extra goodies by u/geewhizwithout from https spacecat.design
carbon fiber alps plate https imgur.com/a/imfqk by u/t-mootypus from goosekeyboards
prismatic fugu yellow with sticker and idea23 enter key by u/smithyithy
carbon black keyset jelly key mediterranean beach resort 3 cherry mx switch keychains various artisans hkp primecaps hiddenlab idea23 latrialum by me !
there will also be limited run stickers to be given away for this charity raffle !
first is a clack for alzheimer 's keyboard https imgur.com/raa534k made by u/garrettsucks from https dixiemech.com
second is a clack for alzheimer 's brain https imgur.com/hlh80qa made by me .
let 's kick this off to a great start !
if anyone has any questions or just wan na chat with me feel free to message me !
i now have at least 80000000 experience points in the runecrafting skill .
hello im using fake gps pro which is great but recently each time i use it i get a red warning in game not the one that doesnt let you play i can play but it warns me .
i use a samsung galaxy tab s2 7.0 rooted and the fake gps is a system app right now but apparently it still gets detected .
i stopped using it for about 10 days because i was shadow banned then both the shadow ban and the warning went away and the past 2 days that i uses the fake gps pro i got another warning .
there are only so many ways you can say that trevor siemian seriously lacks pocket awareness no peripheral vision not spatially conscious .
i was a trevor guy but i think it is time to move on .
xbox one uses a simple power cable as well fwiw
not taken any of that stuff but when i 've had caffeine my aim is absolute shite but my awareness and attention to my surroundings are off the charts .
it 's a safe bet to assume 80 on december after segwit2 is over also .
ath at 0.00125 will break with btc having much more usd value .
if installed properly how is a wood stove on a fiberglass boat ?
i spent the better part of this morning having a longer discussion with a family member who is both a major trump supporter and a devout born-again christian and was trying to piece together how that can be .
i got a lot of non answers and can we agree to disagree '' s but the overall gist i got was they do n't like the things trump says and think he is not charismatic but they view hilary and the democratic party as so morally corrupt that they could n't ever imagine voting democrat again .
these are family members who voted for obama but watch a lot of fox news now .
when i countered with all of the very anti-christ-like actions trump has done they shot it down because they totally buy into the fake news/liberal media rhetoric .
it 's really depressing trying to reason because it 's so counter-intuitive but they did n't want to hear logic from some non-christian so whaddya gon na do ?
but he does n't want anyone to profit from a misdeed .
sweep cheaters only end up with a medal which they technically paid for .
even in an 8 man league and if you have the top 4 backs he 's still pretty much a must start
and there 's always la ciudad de la santisima trinidad puerto de santa maria de buenos-ayres https archive.org/details/actaenlaciudadde00buen_0 '' which is not quite as long but just as sainty .
of listings 100 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22laceylala 22+nsfw 3ayes sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 18 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview+title 3a 22laceylala 22+nsfw 3ayes sort=new restrict_sr=on
imo it 's unlikely as it 's currently hatching from 10k eggs no other 10k hatches nest as far as i 'm aware .
of course this is just speculation since the egg tiers could be specific to this event we will just have to wait and see .
one time in the entire 7 year run of the series from what i can recall .
blue state but i think the health teacher just didnt know what she was talking about .
she also said you have a set number of platelets and once you lose them they are gone for good and do not come back .
the real question everyone here is wondering ... .what happens if google drops 1000 ?
i bought a cheap galaxy tab a8 several years ago for about 200 .
came with android 5.0 was then updated to 5.1 and a year later to 6.0 an important one for me and i 've just received 7.1 .
so there 's a cheap devices receiving years of updates .
i think its legit mostly because of the made in canada .
i am trying to gather options for a graceful exit and being able to lay numbers on the table so they do n't freak out is a big help .
tre white is doing as good as lattimore and got a 1st round pick out of the deal so no need to thank the bills .
some are worried and others capitalize on those who worry and buy more at a brutal '' price
i do n't get games as gifts that often .
i was kinda hoping james earl jones would say feel true power ''
cause they do n't want their fans knowning a ref is on their side .
by 3d printing a photo of a wojak and feeling how it look likes .
i can guarantee it 's happened at least a few times this season .
really really pissed off at the fuji book drop rate and skill up chance .
trying to max him hut cant even get past level 3 .
i am so mad im laughing lol also stuck on the last skill up for elizabello but i get his books just about every other 60 stam run .
its like the optc gods dont want me to max either character
whigs not to act during the irish famine in 1846
the irish famine https mises.org/library/what-caused-irish-potato-famine is probably a shining example of what happens when government ineptitude becomes law .
whereas the uk was much closer to it than the us .
having a free market economy is n't a binary decision with either its full on anarchy or full communism .
there are places in the middle where comparing '' economies is n't valid because like the uk and the us are vastly different .
moreover the us did have free markets with very few exceptions and government interventions were far and few .
it goes to reason to assume that the us was certainly not a planned economy and certainly not the ideal economy of any democratic socialist .
moreover it was not under a monarch and with the exception of eminent domain granted by the 5th amendment people had absolute private property rights sometimes to barbaric extremes .
private sector and middle class wealth accounted for an overwhelming amount of total wealth .
so to say that the us was n't a free market for most industries is just factually wrong .
and i just presented you hard data on how the us doubled its average wages doubled in 30 years .
during that time factory owners said they will go bankrupt if they had to pay them higher salaries .
laissez faire capitalists also defended the terrible pay and conditions .
you mean to say in uk businesses could avoid paying their workers by declaring bankruptcy ?
are you saying that their legal system had a loophole to commit fraud through ?
in the us in the case of ordinary businesses the liability to pay and cover the consequences of your actions in the market place came squarely back to you as a businessman .
i can not defend the actions of people in history that i was n't a part of but it seems from the pattern of immigration in the 19th century that people left their homes and countries and went to countries like england and the us for exactly these types of situations .
the reasons is this despite it being completely repulsive by our modern standards in those days that was the best option available to many .
you do n't owe anything to anyone you are playing 1v11 it 's your name and your rank that go up and down .
play for you do n't force others to play how you want .
i was wondering whether i am the only one .
i actually liked sanderson 's books a lot more than most of rjs .
was n't even really negligence a vegas defenseman gave him a push right into fleury
the way the sith always go after the most powerful apprentice and ren getting socked by rey it really seemed we could go that route .
on top of that kylo looked actually stunned and uncertained after killing han .
honestly i think that would be a cool direction and i would love to say i called it .
they are entirely kicked out of the balkans now .
only need to take parts of russia and the caucasus to kick them out of europe entirely
no one ever intends to make a mistake and it 's not like ben would have complete control over a fumbled snap or a sack or a bad completion .
and they want the leaders they 've been calling nazis and fascists for the past year to take the firearms away .
i added an album with an image of the oscilloscope traces .
i 'm using a 100pf capacitor because i do n't have a 30pf on hand .
my scope is dc coupled and the ground on my probe is connected to the ground of the bnc connector that the input signal is coming from .
gearing up figuratively and literally for my city 's all soul 's procession http allsoulsprocession.org happening the 5th of november .
it is in some ways related to dia de los muertos but was never intended to do so exactly .
it was started by artists downtown over 25 years ago and has morphed into a huge event .
more attendees these days do show up in traditional sugar skull makeup or dressed as traditional catrinas and such but there has always been an element of pure innovation in honoring/celebrating/mourning death in the procession .
it used to be a lot more like that but day of the dead has become so popular that the traditional imagery has become more preponderant .
not that there 's anything wrong with that especially considering how we are actually located in a heavily latino area where family ancestries go back countless generations but i really like to see the things people do that are entirely their own creative expression and some of that is less visible than i think it used to be .
nevertheless the event remains an entirely wayer type of event i am proud to say .
despite the exponentially increasing attendance and associated requirement to spend ever larger amounts on security etc. the event has rejected corporate sponsorship entirely .
it is completely for the people and funded by the people .
unfortunately most of the supplies i need ca n't be purchased at local bricks and mortar stores .
however i refuse to shop for anything on amazon !
there are many independent companies online and they are getting my business .
i like how hyped this card is without a male 's main title on the line .
atleast miz is still competing brock has to prepare for his great match at survivor series .
i agree with you though in this particular instance some of the 8th graders here have shown they may not have the maturity to completely dissociate the class assignment with the actual beliefs of the person debating a specifically unsavory position .
not caring at all about social issues is n't tolerance its ambivalence .
there 's nothing admirable about saying i do n't care who gets married i also do n't care if some biggoted asshole wants to use his personal religion to treat people like second class citizens '' .
why not make it the same number of people no matter what ?
i do feel guilty i 've been trained since a young age to feel guilty but also feel very relieved to be able to come here and feel that reassurance that i 'm not the terrible person i 'm made out to be .
i feel like i 'm in a big club now and having this page makes me feel safer ... especially after spending an infuriating and tense few days with ubpd mum ... after saying goodbye to her i came straight to this page as i felt so awful .
reading others stories makes me feel more 'normal ' i 'm still unsure what normal actually is ! ?
what i mean is it makes me feel less isolated ... the pangs of guilt are worth it .
i 'm gusssing you play pc if you 're talking about unpotmized ?
i play console and have never had an issue with optimization .
also you 're not giving them enough credit for the gameplay in south park .
acting like it 's incredibly easy to make a good game is naive and childish .
the working class that pursues the american dream eventually leans right when they see the government has failed them and is taking too much .
the handouts class moves nowhere and continues to feed on a growing bloated government .
https imgur.com/htj3zuk i can get a full cdi later tonight if you 're interested .
give me 'what do you do for money honey ' or 'shake a leg ' any day .
so indian movies symbolically showing white and equipment and modi ?
i had them finished three hours after the set had dropped bought a lot of the pieces but got ray lewis from buying packs and made two of the captains for tony g
i love it when nostalgia fuel actually lives up to my middle/high school hype .
hello zomao your submission has been removed due to not containing a bracketed spoiler scope at the beginning of your title .
learn more about the spoiler system here https www.reddit.com/r/gotham/wiki/spoiler_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gotham if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've never met or been apart of fans who are as quick to fire everyone than steeler fans .
i replaced the battery in my phone and had this exact issue so i got a refund from the seller and bought another battery .
i have n't had any issues with the 2nd replacement battery .
how often are enlistment bonus program '' 's updated ?
there 's not going to be a reliable list of available enlistment bonuses out there on the internet .
are levels 1 through 11 eligible for a bonus and the student loan repayment program ?
i think you 're talking about reenlistment bonuses here ?
if you 're looking at the re-up milper those are different than what is available for new enlistees and change less often .
that aside it is possible to get an enlistment bonus and slrp but slrp is fairly rare right now .
moss are usually overmanned at certain ranks rather than across the entire force .
regardless this information is n't generally available to the public although they do push out those stats internally .
do you already have to be in shape to be given an option 40 ?
absolutely not they do n't even have to test you to qualify for the contract .
however you should be in good shape before you take an option 40 or you 're going to fail horribly during your pipeline .
also are 3 year enlistments really feasible with an slrp and a enlistment bonus ?
bottom line while that combo the mos you want and a short contract and slrp and a bonus might be possible you 're not very likely to get it .
prioritize which of those things is most important to you and shoot for those .
if you wait for the stars to align for a contract that specific then you 're never going to actually join and recruiters will stop working with you because they know it .
the fact the she still listened to lf in s7 proves to me that she 's still an idiot
apparently you and i have different ideas of what constitutes new .
on a geological scale sure i 'd consider it new .
but it 's been around for many decades or longer and i would imagine the concept predates the majority of redditors .
though it is amusing to consider someone pointing at a beautiful 63 split rear window corvette and commenting on what a beautiful new car it is .
we can use them with multiple types of sniper rifles .
theres dmr type br type in relation to the halo weaponry and im sure the dlt19x will be more powerful then the last game .
i was so used to sniping in bf4 on hardcore that when i got a body shot and sometimes even a headshot and i saw the enemy hadnt died i was like wtf !
i bought it purely on the potential of a non-shitty career mode .
now i 'm done buying the game new let alone preordering a deluxe edition until they prove they can make a game competently .
they obviously are n't trying to even make a non-broken game at this point .
you want to damage her so you can kill her but you do n't because then she 'll stun you instead of slow .
her e should be number 1 on the list of things to remove
i 'm not on okc to date 90 of people just one is enough
i do n't know man try touching them and report back .
no shitty civilization impinging on your survival of the fittest dream life .
first make sure they have their epic games account connected to their psn account .
you 'll have to log into their account on your pc to accept it cause it wo n't show up on their ps4 .
then log back into your account go to the lobby click on your friends list click on them then click join party .
they are in the lobby on the ps4 at this point .
makes sense because i have a love of artistry and a fascination with science
i do n't know how to handle a ranking .
newcastle goals conceded under rafa in the pl this year 8
liverpool goals conceded under klopp in the pl this year 16
part of the problem is the fact that all these women decided to come forward after he was running for president and in strong contention for the republican nomination .
it was much easier to pass it off as a political hit job under those circumstances .
spencer cox from the few times i 've met him is a very good man .
even if i do n't entirely agree with all of his political views he 's a very respectable man and i 'm proud to have him as one of our representing officials .
as of current scoring the packers would be the 2 seed and the saints would be the 9th seed .
if you would like to claim this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything after the line break and before the line break preceding end '' and replace the carets and the values inside them .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
and i 'm going to a match this afternoon .
self posting requires 10 comment karma from the r/entrepreneur subreddit .
you can check how much karma you have in this subreddit if you visit your profile and click show karma breakdown by subreddit '' in the upper right hand corner .
this rule is implemented to combat spam and to make sure that potential posters have at least a basic familiarity with the r/entrepreneur community .
karma points are up-votes that you receive from your comment replies .
consider participating in the weekly discussion posts check the sidebar in order to gain karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/entrepreneur if you have any questions or concerns .
he retired in the last few years minnesota has an age limit for state supreme court justices
shitty short pass on third down to set up the field goal .
that 's sendejo finishing a play and turning it over .
well microsoft has well microsoft money more experience with hardware and way more connections .
this is the company that single-handedly retook a slice of the console market from japan when the rest of the west had utterly failed to do so for two decades .
a true clash of the titans and i do n't see facebook winning that one .
so na'vi and immortals were the only teams that even took one game off of mineski these guys are looking really strong to not even drop a series ...
it was a hell of a lot better protected than the panzer 4 3 or anything the british cooked up .
thats why they started to hastly replace this excellent '' weapon .
because they had more 75 's than they knew what to do with .
so why did n't teams that had kog vs a cho/sej comp put up those type of numbers ?
yeah it 's like 50 a trade on bittrex for me right now .
the walking dead has been shitty since the season 1 finale first episode .
yeah for some people downvote disagree but i 'm used to it by now
if some person has been taught that beef eating is wrong from early age and reject eating it when offered later age would you still count that as conditioning and not choice ?
clonazolam is the devil i 've never gotten violent on benzos and i got in several fights on clonazolam that is why i went to jail it is a monster .
flubromazolam feels almost identical to the old school rohypnols from the 90 's the real ones from mexico it is the exact same in my opinion if you can stay awake of course that flubromazolam will put your ass to sleep .
so fake hahahaha not a chance it 's 22 dunno why ur trying
i 'm only overweight but nurses have a hard time finding a vein when they want to draw blood .
not because of fat though as i 'm so pale i 'm practically see through .
because spielberg is the master of making middle-brow movies with predictable story arcs .
nothing wrong with that but with few exceptions he does n't push the boundaries in storytelling on the big screen .
cinephiles love directors who break from the mold forge their own paths their own cinematic language .
that 's why auteurs like hitchcock truffaut coppola tarantino are revered .
you can tell this guy was influenced by bo burnham because he makes funny songs like bo
imo the game is broken and something needs to change asap
find a guy who can make weird frankenstein creatures for you and then do the monster mash
what 's sad is i just got used to it .
i do have a great group of buddies i play with .
my running joke is that i am going to find a voice changing utility so i can sound more manly in comp .
i am an older player and i 've suffered this kind of garbage since q3/ut2k4 .
only difference is between now and then is i ca n't run my own servers like i used to and perma ban the jerks .
i 've written more than my fair share of reports but it just falls into some black hole .
i rarely play comp because more often than not it 's a cesspool if i try to voice chat .
i 've had teams tilt on me because they were too busy ripping me apart to focus on the game .
i love this game and tolerate that misery so i can play it .
if any of you gals out there want a playing buddy pm me and i 'll group up for fun times .
i guess the only crappy advice i can offer is to find yourself a tight group and avoid going solo .
i was almost expecting a flag being thrown on that huge play due to recent events .
hey remember when the dolphins drove down on us first drive ?
several months ago my boyfriend and another guy in this close friend group of ours got into a pretty big fight .
afterwards my boyfriend was really apologetic and admitted his overreactions and where he went wrong and expressed his desire to just have things go back to normal .
the other guy let 's call him john never apologized .
he did n't even seem to understand that what he did was wrong .
that incident came in conjunction with several others that pointed to john being a sociopath .
not able to empathize with others never understanding why he was in the wrong manipulative behavior towards others etc .
after that incident i never trusted him again but we kept hanging out with the group because we really liked the other people .
fast forward to last week john has been essentially bullying me for the last month .
i 'm not one to be easily manipulated and i see right through all his shit aka trying to make me upset so i leave the group without him directly telling me to so that he does n't look like an asshole but i put up with it because of the others .
on tuesday he really amps up his game and brings another guy into it .
long story shorter i left the group that night because it 's not fair that john keeps tossing me around like this .
it 's been really hard on me because i have bad abandonment issues and a pretty small support system but i know that it 's for the best .
really though i should have just left months ago when that first incident happened .
never give sociopaths a chance to fuck with you .
wow beauty of a header to make it 2-3 .
he is a striker who does n't score and gets injured playing for real madrid .
of course he is going to get shit on .
here is the link to the original comment thread .
https www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/77yg5l/belt_joint or you can comment here to start a discussion .
yes i 've had days where i 've forgotten to take it and later gotten a green tea while out and i can get smaller effects that last for an hour or two .
it 's a very safe nootropic to start with .
put them in a spacesuit and kick them out the airlock
the widely unquestioned idea that mcdavid is miles better than matthews does n't hold up when you look at the evidence .
nothing can really just collapse your application on its own .
somebody got into u chicago with a 20 as their act score .
do n't know the lowest gpa at u chicago but i highly doubt it 'd be worse than a 20 as an act score .
they 'll be looking at the additional information section and you still have a chance .
also if you 're getting high scores on stuff then it might also be indicative of grade deflation so they 'll probably also look at class rank if provided and average school gpa .
basically they 'll be looking at things in context and they 're looking to understand the person and the reason for the results rather than to just quickly judge and move on with your application .
i 'm very confused by what you 're trying to say here .
yeah its basically all cropping i had a prime 50mm on there ... i dreeeeam of bringing my 200mm 2.8 ...
yea i think he needs to be paired to a point guard the same way as klay beal cj and derozan
mccoy is our only sliver of chance at a pass rush
people are stupid haha i 'm sorry you kept getting asked that .
mr wombat frequently has to ask me not to make a scene .
i was lowering the bar to make a point .
as far as i can tell old disney stuff is gathering dust while many people would shell out cash just to binge the disney afternoon .
for kids this would be over and over again blowing hours on content that already exists and breathing life into their neverending avalanche of merch .
the only way to fuck it up is to make it like boomerang .
lol what 's funny is i feel these types of threads are the one place where i wo n't downvote someone who 's opinion challenges mine unless it 's just plain disrespectful/distasteful .
for example i saw a couple people say not so nice things about my guy darrell and i was about to hit that downvote when i was like alright let me be fair the purpose of this thread is to post unpopular opinions so i 'll let it slide in this thread ... lol
huge sonic fan can confirm i watched wreck it ralph 3 times while it was in theaters just to see if i could spot sonic everywhere .
this is kind of what happens to one of the main characters in i have no mouth and i must scream '' in a fucked up way .
there is only one u and it 's not covered
it also seems harley davidson got into loans as well .
... i have n't bought american autos/motos in a long long time .
i have often used fantasizing about women at the gym as a distraction .
you would definitely help keep my mind off working out .
could you share proof on the claim you are making that sexism in norway is still significant ?
i hope shea cuts loose and stops trying to be so diplomatic all the time .
i understand why she did it and considering the hate she got over the reunion i ca n't say with confidence that it was n't the best strategy but damn if she was n't waaayyy more fun when she was n't pretending to be on rupaul 's best friend race
before i cut my family out of my life several years ago i had to deal with my grandmother almost daily and she could n't go much more than five minutes without saying something unnecessary and nasty .
nothing i did was ever good enough she always had to be right and she always had to pick fault with everything .
the amount of harm she did without even laying a hand on me was disturbing and i could n't be happier to have her out of my life .
still one of the top dogs for vapor production very efficient stands up on its own and you can just pop a hydrotube on top or flip it over and stick it into a standard bong too .
not much hits as hard honestly and it does concentrates really well too if you grab the nail attachment .
the downside imo is that it 's quite fragile since its got an all glass airpath .
so if you 're clumsy and knock stuff over then skip it and look at the herbalaire which is almost as much of a beast and also indestructible .
if he wants to come into this sub and chirp he deserves to get ripped a new one .
would never say that stuff on r/hockey or r/leafs .
smh you pseudo-lefties ca n't even differentiate between brands of commulisms .
i sent a level 22 olog against my level 57 captain to try to max him out and the level 22 won .
probably illegal but at best a lawsuit would result in the ad taken down .
if it were the government they might get a slap on the wrist fine but the us government almost never enforces those laws on the local level .
basically dealerships can and do use scummy tactics like that every day and get away with it .
for example looking at motorcycles recently there were 2,000 worth of taxes and fees added on to the list price .
this for a motorcycle they had on site and were selling themselves .
the advertised price can easily be half of what the final price is and it 's perfectly legal in the us !
if you want to play garryth something to consider would be that his feat is really good for assassination but sometimes you can leverage the threat of that assassination to gain an advantage .
that said garryth is very soft and will die to a stiff breeze if left hanging .
also in my opinion at least sentry is probably his best spell .
make sure to have a few good guns to select for it .
eriyss or a jack in shadows or the battle engine in defenders .
as for other casters for shadows i would consider ossyan who helps the strike force shoot kaelysa who is a good all around pick in general or i have been eyeing elara 2 or vyros 2 to enhance my armor cracking with my battle group .
ravyn does n't seem very good and ghyrrshyld is either not good or no one has really figured him out yet but everyone else is viable so really pick who you like and as long as you are n't trying to win national tournaments you will probably be fine .
oh made more money by building tall towers in dubai for example where the labors were kept in inhumane conditions ?
there are other rich people that have made more money than you ever will as well ... we still like them .
like my hairdresser mark cuban bruce wayne my hairdresser the town pervert bill o reilly the national pervert etc
probability theory is an area of research happens to be mine it is n't so trivial .
my advice not having schizophrenia but being with someone who had it stay away unless you 're super disciplined .
in my opinion it will fuck someone up worse unless they plan on taking it for the rest of their lives .
do n't pick stuff off it exposes tissue that is more easily infected .
topical antibiotics like neosporin will permeate the surface and reach the underlying tissue without the additional risk .
c a t s t h e t i c
this post has been removed because as was recently announced https www.reddit.com/r/schoolidolfestival/comments/60ro68/rules_changes_regarding_low_quality_posts low-quality posts are now being counted as spam .
low quality posts will be counted as spam as these topics have been overused .
they should not be posted as individual posts in the subreddit .
what counts as low quality is up to moderator discretion including but not limited to
note that comments do not have the same restriction as posts although repeatedly posting your comment everywhere would still count as spam .
if you feel an individual moderator is acting out of line feel free to contact us through modmail and we will intervene as necessary within the team .
for more details you can review the low quality posts '' section in the rules here https www.reddit.com/r/schoolidolfestival/wiki/rules
i turned it over after the 4th lou to reed alley
the anime made a lot of cuts to the story towards the end .
that girl is badass af i got chills when they won the point and she stomps her feet like four times
i am honestly surprised that it is n't a lot lower .
because of his consistency in length it is always perfect .
he targets the batsmen 's weakness points and of course the variations ...
why is the 4th line on the ice with 2:30 to go ?
if this just became a birdposting sub i 'd subscribe twice
thanks for asking i have to take a bunch of elective classes so i ended up taking philosophy classes and i ended up double majoring .
i took alot of classes about theory of mind and ai and got me intrested in those .
then i got a job in a neuroscience lab doing some tech work .
it was a slow shift but a big one .
the democrats have no one to offer and most republicans know they ca n't beat trump .
espn found a way to squeeze in more commercials by no longer showing the result of the review three times now tonight .
barcelona was in shambles that year we were no where near our full strength and even the case with tito vilanova .
the mouthy leaf fan that chased a guy down and was picking a fight or the sens fan that threw the first punch and gave it to him ?
the person in the article did say the letter seemed genuine and personal but of course the timing is pretty suspect .
you will sometimes pull 0 legendaries from an smc but you will never pull more than one .
cruisers are better armed with plasma or even hangars now typically .
i was at the benefit concert and i 'm okay with the fact that trump was absent .
the room got real awkward when his recorded speech came on .
a couple yahoos cheered but most people were dead silent and a lot of people were hissing that 's something aggies do instead of booing .
i wonder of you could make a vertical magazine for the dominoes so you do n't have to extend the robot to make it hold more .
the us rail system hauls nearly 8 times as much freight as canada 's .
and australia is a little over half of canada .
and the us hauls more than any country period .
rail in the us competes with river and sea transport more than in probably any other country as well as the trucking industry .
all of the pickle flavors you described are not weird .
this assumes that nothing changes in we 's psychology or game plan upon losing game 1 .
they would n't play game 2 that way and their pick/ban would be different .
and from there it will snowball into a very different game 2 .
the pressure is off when you 're up a game compared to down a game .
g2 would have been much more crucial to we than it was .
they would n't have lost game 2 exactly the same way .
would c9 have played g3 exactly the same way they did with both sides having the exact same p/b ?
applies to time travel concepts where you change one thing and expect everything else to remain exactly the same .
when you change one thing it causes a change to something else which then changes something esle cascading into a large difference that is difficult to predict .
to steal a chris rock joke i feel like a fat guy that just failed cooking
diggs is out so i have a decision to make .
if anything it 's still a bug and it 's not working as intended .
i know the obvious solution but again it 's a bug and not working as intended .
appreciate you guys trying to explain this to people .
as you can see many are n't even patient enough for the tldr at the end .
are those active learning hours or can you count passive learning watching tv reading books without a dictionary as well ?
this is the kind of thing i was asking !
i was thinking about night sights i 'm not too crazy on the glock sights .
i know windows tweaked the scheduler so some freaky shit might happen .
i 've never experienced anything like you 're describing .
i also do n't upgrade my drivers at all .
i could use a ruler for those lines and still mess em up
hmm as a first aside that 's an interesting way to teach logic gates to me if you 're going to model them as circuits then go to the actual transistor circuits that show the real way these work .
just curious what sort of class and level is this ?
i 'm assuming you 've taken a circuits 1-esque course before this ?
so think about this a nand gate only has its output driven low if both its inputs are high in this analog both switches closed .
in each of the circuits you did before you could put in a wire that would keep power from being delivered to the load .
should have probably just got a 26er instead though i guess
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
aye pal that 's right it 'd mean financial ruin for a hospital to employ its own domestics .
this was on a busy pedestrian walkway in a very busy city .
i would prefer to not state the location but will do so when i am no longer here .
do n't tell your teammates what they did wrong they know what happend and that it was a bad play it comes off as douchey and may tilt them .
yeah y'all are weird for expecting underage porn but yeah the catholic priests do like diddling kids .
edit ok link the video this is from then .
somehow i missed all the reposts of this from before .
you do realize that the control of nuclear weapons is solely in civilian hands under the energy dept right ?
also you make quite the argument for allowing civlians access to nukes .
since the founding fathers rationalized being able to fight against tyranny .
you people act like current gun owners made up the excuse that we have the 2nd amendment to protect against government and that it is not written into the constitution .
if it does n't apply anymore then amend the constitution otherwise fuck off .
i really liked it it was pretty amazing and it stood on its own .
itt useful idiots repeating anti-american propaganda who do n't know that the cia concluded iraq had no wmds pointed out several forgeries concluded that iran stopped their nuclear program long ago hence no need for sanctions and even warned that isis would form if syraq is destabilized .
blame the politicians who distort the findings of the good analysts at the cia/dia for their own goals .
but the tc waters have always been amazing when i 've gone !
if he doesnt drop the album during this administration it will prob be released when the next tool album drops .
giving the workers the right to democratically organize their workplace automatically leads to authoritarian oppression 100 for no specific reason ?
i could say the same thing and flip it around .
any time you elect some free market '' president the nation goes into a downward spiral of pointless handouts to the rich while the most vulnerable people ca n't even get rescue services from a natural disaster .
then the working class finds its wages shrinking when adjusted for inflation because the government wo n't pass a single piece of legislation that helps workers since that would be literally marxism and would kill everyone instantly .
they seem to be really focused on customer satisfaction .
a word of warning though if you have any uncommon/edge cases for ffl transfers their staff does n't seem to know the laws very well .
how 's the season going so far at pool ?
what size shoes do you where in other lifters like the nike or adidas models ?
i typically where a 6.5 in both nike and adidas because i like my shoes to be snug when i lift .
baby steps are happening but alas no sex since 6 weeks ago .
but i can already tell my so llm is trying to be more affectionate with me .
he holds onto me when i say goodbye in the morning when he 's still in bed and barely awake .
he 's been initiating kisses/hugs/cuddles since our last talk when he stated he will try and that actions are more important than words at this point .
the important part of all this is that it does n't feel like hysterical bonding he 's genuinely showing that he cares and loves me .
i know i need to be trying to initiate sex but that fear of rejection paralyzes me .
i at least feel less sexually frustrated since he 's showing me affection in other ways so that 's a start .
i feel like the packers are going to be losing badly to a high scoring no offense so they 're going to air it out a bunch i say go with jordan matthews or zay jones if you 're not confident with matthews ' injury status .
every nrs game since injustice 1 has had additional dlc after what was announced at launch .
so wont the real green arrow please stand up please stand up
the status broke down the moment muhammad managed to convince all the tribes to no longer drink alcohol and no-longer gamble and pray to idols but somehow managed to omit a simple command saying do n't beat your wife '' or at least if u beat your wife you 're gon na be whipped '' .
i mean they say capital punishments for drinking alcohol and thievery are fine but punishing someone for beating a wife who disobeyed their direct orders is absurd this strange double standard just disgusts me .
unless you 're a kassadin fizz or vladimir main please ban him so he can be nerfed .
azir main here and he does well against pretty much everything he has something to counter every mid assassin and mage .
if he goes for a nashor 's build you can out sustain him as long as you are n't getting poked to death .
if he goes for a morello build good luck .
as a jungler you can pick vi and camp him .
or you can gank him levels 1-2 if he pushes .
be careful when roaming since he 's azir and will take your tower fast .
if you want other counterpicks lucian and taliyah if she stays in it can win their lane against him .
haha yes for qlink we have user foundation to landing our dapp .
and youyou mobile will be first partner of qlink mobile network .
that means youyou mobile users will be tapping into qlink .
but from law view youyou mobile and qlink is independent entity .
if you 're kiting units away from your opponent you use hold position .
dont know if ill be able to make it but upvoted cool stuff
the post includes the artists site but i 'll be sure to take this post down if the artist wishes .
direct links to images are not allowed as such your post has been removed .
please submit your post as a discussion self post r/overwatch/submit ? selftext=true with some context about the image .
if you 're submitting fanart you may link directly to a deviantart page artstation portfolio blog etc .
if you 're submitting a play of the game or other highlight you 'll need to use a video/gif host such as youtube or gfycat .
imgur posts are automatically removed even if its a gifv as we 're not able to detect which type it is .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the best solution that would be least stressful to the dog is to teach him to only come up when invited .
that way it 's not a matter of different people different rules '' but i 'm allowed on the sofa with this command . ''
click on the help '' link at the bottom it goes into details .
as far as how '' it 's javascript you can open and read the code .
if you do n't know click control-u on a windows or linux computer .
dsm-5 criteria for narcissistic personality disorder https www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/narcissistic-personality-disorder/basics/symptoms/con-20025568 include these features
expecting to be recognized as superior even without achievements that warrant it
being preoccupied with fantasies about success power brilliance beauty or the perfect mate
believing that you are superior and can only be understood by or associate with equally special people
having an inability or unwillingness to recognize the needs and feelings of others
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jobs if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i legitimately provided examples in the thread but hey whatever .
hair of the dog is the best hangover cure .
did n't eat enough vitasoy soy dessert ... .now always have to buy from ntuc
this negative review '' is also quite insightful and helpful !
always wondered what that would look like on her .
it 's funny how this could either be about giannis or the bucks and both are true
i have a few deckboxes from ultimate guard myself .
the 100 sizes hold 100 double sleeved cards but you 'll have next to no room afterwards .
instead you could also have it hold 100 single sleeved cards and a bunch of tokens which is what i would do .
the 80 card size might barely fit 100 single sleeved cards but you 're not going to have any room for tokens in it afterwards .
everything but madison and the apostle islands should be destroyed .
i got an email today requesting info about all my past transactions deposits withdrawals and balances .
i really hope this will finally lead to getting my balance back .
i 'll update when i hear from them again .
you 're talking about rights in a nihilist subreddit ?
op take this to heart cuz this dude is spouting some real ass shit
the i never loved you '' line is almost always a method to instantly put distance between you to make you hate them and to make splitting easier .
i 'm at the stage in my current game where i only pickup gold and gems and books unless an item is particularly valuable unique or cool .
i tried to tidy out my ‘chest of much crap ' the other day there must be several 100k of shit in there i got bored after an hour .
i 've taken to just carrying gems around to trade with .
although i 've started picking up ebony weapons again so i can arm my castle guards until i can make them all dragon bone weapons .
bubba-ho-tep is a movie about two senile old men who believe they 're really elvis and jfk defending their nursing home from a soul-sucking mummy
i 've never needed something in my life as much as i need this .
from a lacerated sky bleeding its torture creating my structure now i shall rein in blood !
i got my home button lag on 11.0 and terrible battery hope it change in 11.1 and what you think if compare with 10.3
i have good '' insurance and i 've paid close to 10,000 out of pocket this year before reaching my family deductible .
when wealthy persons or companies who get sued by regular schlubs use their expensive legal teams to continuously forestall the legal process forcing their adversaries to pay out of pocket for court costs and their own modest legal representation until they are bled dry and either drop the case or settle out of court for a pittance allowing the wealthy party to avoid having to admit any wrongdoing .
plus in french the pidgey family has great names roucool roucoups roucarnage .
spearow is piafabec stupid name and fearow is rapasdepic actually a cool name when you work out what it means but it 's no roucarnage !
i 'm enjoying formation flying and taking snaps mid-flight .
can be tricky to fly close and then access camera for the shot ... which makes it fun
used book stores have been my go-to forever but concerts comedy shows ping pong jenga and other stuff like that also work out well .
the reasoning is that if you run out of things to talk about you can spend some time focusing on something else to say without it being too awkward .
i mix the white and green sibau together frequently or one of them with a gold and oh my gosh it is fantastic haha
any specific areas within mechanics than i should really be working hard on ?
i just do n't know what or how to practice to improve
and props for playing so much of such a champ
no person of teaching age whose passions include science and working with kids could possibly also have a fondness for digimon !
i actually believe the opposite that white diamond has had little to no interactions with her sisters since pink 's death .
like her way of dealing with the grief is to completely isolate herself from the other diamonds shutting them out until they just gave up trying to reach out to her .
i 'd ask how is that not illegal but surgically modifying animals in all kinds of ways is still allowed .
auto correct had a field day with molon labe !
that name is so popular you 'd think it was in the bible or somethin .
i was seeing small talk can be okay i 'm passing you '' and i am like what is this bitch talkin ' about ?
we see the flaws in ourselves a lot easier than those around us .
so was that action after the tackle not unsportsmanlike ?
if kevin love could put the ball in the hole that 'd be great .
however if cc loves you could n't he/she still mark pn ?
maybe if it was in to him but trump was not under investigation .
these people under investigation were no longer part of the campaign or cabinet .
the president is head of the fbi and can direct their investigations how he sees fit .
he probably told comey to drop the investigation and he did n't .
anyone else hoping jv would shoot the 3 rwther than make that pass to delon
finding someone to share the rest of my life with getting married and starting a family together .
yeah ... this is the part where i back away slowly ...
most have a strict no single men '' policy so you need to come with a woman or two .
if you are a single woman they will probably waive the entrance fee .
it was people like me that fought for this principle ... .
as a rein main i can say yes ... .yes we do
so my wife just got a job and opted for their insurance because by doing she gets paid like 300 more unused benefits so youre saying i should let my insurance know she has some now ?
hers isnt the best ... well isnt as flexible as far as i can tell
i feel they hurt consistent turn 2 smallpoxes and mind wrenches too often for me .
in the primer i do point out that they are very viable and are up to preference .
when i first came to reddit i heard someone refer to r/btc as a reality distortion engine .
i 'm on a budget so the fact that look nice is a plus .
it 's rational for him to be upset but he 's upset in an irrational amount
i remember when i told myself that i 'm not a furry but here i am looking at muscular tigers and curvy dragons uwu
the painting lady actually creeped me the fuck out and i went into the movie with zero expectations of being bothered by any of it .
i 'm curious as to what the sequel will be like though since as adults that aspect of vulnerability is going to be gone .
it was cute to see kentucky fans thinking they had a chance .
it 's classic kentucky football giving fans hope only to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory .
yes and despite complaints about unpatriotic people burning flags combustion is actually the mandated method for destruction of old flags .
that can mean multiple things and dating a non jew is a huge deal .
yeah i 'm still not 100 convinced of true wireless earbuds .
this generation of them they addressed my concern about misplacing them and bumped up that battery life .
yet i 'm not sure how well they perform due to cross body interference .
i sometimes get interrupts with my phone in my pocket and a regular bluetooth headset .
i think there needs to be a few more iterations before i look in that direction .
in the future it would help us if you could put your vowels and consonants into charts based on place and manner of articulation etc .
that 's the opposite of how it 's supposed to go .
it 's ok cody you can come out of the box in the next half .
mom aaron your step father and i wish you 'd use regular toilet paper in the bathroom .
if he hits the wr in stride that 's a quick 6 .
i had a dagger that gave 4 arrows for each brutalize kill .
so i do n't have to actually open an app up clear the red badge
i have recently discovered that i have two friends that have never seen the show before .
so what would you suggest is a good 'first ' episode for them to watch .
also worth noting that they speak english as a second langauge but that should make a difference .
p.s i did think of the perfect one the other day and promptly forgot so next step is reddit ...
the plastic glass '' popped out l love the australis product but a nicer compact would be great .
so we all know by their item descriptions they are both made from some type of meteorite called siderite and are the only weapons in the game we know that share this quality but something else i noticed is that they both make a specific sound and leave a blue trail when attacking after a quick-step unique to those weapons alone .
i 've seen posts of people saying that their pixel 2 xl 's battery is great and lasts for one or two days .
mine however only got me through 6 hours before hitting 50 with just under 2 hours of screen time .
the battery screen in settings is n't saying anything is wrong .
the only thing i 've noticed is apps like facebook and snapchat run a lot in the background even with their background activity limited .
what can i do to make my battery last as long as everyone else 's ?
edit here are pics from the battery last night .
i charged the phone around 2:30 pm and got it back up to 95 .
i have a bfk ch mw blaze with a .08 float up for sale .
starting price is 80 78 76 keys and is negotiable .
butterfly ch mw blaze .08 float metjm https s.metjm.net/gdkh4x2.jpg in-game http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_12879.png b/o 80 78 76 keys negotiable or more in items
hyptoheicla noun the sore feeling you get in your left pinkie following the excessive use of the ctrl '' key
sample sentence i have hyptoheicla after getting gold in the live counting olympics today . ''
in australia trying to find a bald cap with some hair like george .
recently i plugged in my fanatec 911 gt2 today and when i pressed the button to set it on pc mode the wheel lights did not turn on and the wheel did not shake to calibrate to the center .
i thought the wheel 's lights were out because when i first used the wheel it was able to work properly without its lights as i did n't press the pc mode button longer than 1-2 seconds .
then i tried out project cars 2 just to hotlap for a bit until i realized that my wheel was n't even functioning with the game at all .
i check the device manager and the pc registered my wheel but it was n't working properly in game .
to check if my wheel was broken i tried out ps3 mode and wireless xbox 360 mode to see if the wheel 's internals were still functional .
gladly the wheel was still functional but it was only connection issues .
now the only suspicion i have on the connection issues i have here is the new windows 10 fall creators update because before i updated my pc the wheel worked perfectly fine until now .
so does that mean i have to download new drivers and firmware for my setup ?
this year with taking zoloft my anxiety has gotten much better !
my panic attacks are much less frequent and in that way i am more functional .
i have gone away to college which is fun but now that i do n't have my family or slight hometown friends i realize how alone i really am .
now that some issues are better the others exposed themselves and are almost worse .
i now realize how much i hate myself and how much i have always hated myself .
now more than ever i realize how much i suck and how much life does .
also i have a strange certainty that i will 100 die young .
just a little rant definitely not even close to all my issues and feelings .
hey guys and gals so i have just started the series and have watched the first couple episodes .
i have to say that this show really peaks my interest .
how each episode is it 's own story and how it plays on technological fears and such .
from what i have seen so far i feel like i will really enjoy the series as a whole .
i try not to read ahead or spoil anything but thought i would ask this for those that have watched the series what attracted you the most about it ?
i 've really disliked my smile for almost my entire life .
i could n't stand how my nose would widen exponentially when i 'd smile .
i really thought getting a rhinoplasty would help make my nose more narrow when smiling in addition to getting rid of the dorsal hump which it did .
now my nose is slightly downturned when i smile but that 's not of too much importance at this moment !
i 've recently realized that i have an absurdly small mouth and pretty narrow palate .
the problem is/was not my nose it 's the width of my smile .
i profoundly dislike how childish and petite my mouth is and would like a wider/larger smile .
i really do n't feel like i look like an adult 22 y/o .
so i know that the palatine suture fuses right before adulthood .
i probably could 've benefitted from a palate expander as a child but i guess the orthos were n't paying attention .
are there any other ways to give the illusion of a bigger/wider/nicer smile ?
when i smile there 's empty space between the corners of my mouth and my teeth can veneers help fill this space and give the illusion of a larger smile ?
has anyone had any success with widening their smile ?
i have a friend who lives in sonoma county california and has been renting his house for nearly a decade .
they were lucky enough to not have their home burn in the fires that ravaged the area .
a few days ago though they were given notice by their landlord and will have to vacate .
to me it does n't seem right that this is happening especially since the county is still in a state of emergency i think and my friend had to take his parents into his home since their house did burned down .
i understand that since he is paying month-to-month the landlord is well within their rights normally to give my friend notice at any time .
but is displacing people from their home during an emergency like this legal ?
there 's been speculation that the landlord or someone the landlord knows has been displaced by the fires and wants to use my friend 's home as a replacement .
edit realized i had automatically assumed a 30-day notice .
i usually run an autarch skyrunner with either reaper launcher or fusion gun and laser lance .
new codex options do n't allow for those load outs anymore .
i 'm pretty sure gw said in the codex faq older wargear options would still be valid even if they do n't appear on the codex but if i 'm using the index data sheet does that mean i 'll have to miss out on the updates to path of command ?
i want to know if i 'm missing out on anything and if i 'm doing things right socially .
i 'm 22 years old and i feel like i 'm very new to the social scene .
i grew up with an adhd diagnosis and was on medication up until 6 months ago the meds made me feel paranoid about social situations i was constantly going through what if '' scenarios in my head and overall made me socially absent .
during this time i had a string of bad girlfriends .
the first was as shy as i was and we did n't do much the second had a body image problem and we never got very intimate the third was very racist turned out to be a member of the kkk the fourth was a closet lesbian and the fifth was alright but it only lasted a 2 months because i was studying abroad and had to come home .
the fifth one did n't want to get too intimate because she did n't want to do that if i were going back home and not coming back .
as mentioned i 've been off my meds for half a year and i 'm becoming more confident in myself and am meeting new people all the time i 'm going to parties have a decent set of friends personally and from work .
i do n't always pick up on social cues but i 'm still learning .
i work out as much as i can manage with my college schedule .
i 've come a long way socially than even a year ago and am very proud of myself .
there are some things i want to improve on which is where i need some help .
i 'm not as bothered as i used to be about it but i need some advice on getting over it and losing my virginity .
should i lose it to someone i like at a party ?
should i convey to the other person that i 'm a virgin before we have sex assuming i 'm in that position ?
i 've never had a good girlfriend and all of my relationships are less than 4 months .
should i ask my close female friends to help me out in finding single ladies ?
how should i mention it to them and how should i phrase it ?
i am trying to improve socially in any way i can so some general tips would be really helpful .
i will reply to as many comments as i can .
looking to trade this helgray preferably for a mudman .
would consider other options like a skx007 on a bracelet .
and realised i have way too much make-up https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fv61owq6_n7s4jqrfpcdlx_z-fowmxgjsv2ijhjhcju/edit ? usp=drivesdk google sheets link attached .
it 's insane i have nearly 90g of eyeshadow and more than half a litre of fixing setting spray .
i did n't have as many lip balms as i thought i would though thank goodness .
now whenever i feel the urge to browse and/or buy make-up i visit the spreadsheet and google swatches of the stuff i own to add it to the inventory .
it seems to scratch the same itch of looking at pretty things and wanting them .
the worst part is that most of it is untouched in their packaging .
i hoard make-up and i really need to break the seal on these products and start using what i bought !
i have been depressed for a long time and unhappy with myself for even longer .
shopping has been a crutch to cope and give myself an ephemeral spark '' of joy when i click confirm order '' or wait for the parcels to arrive .
it 's ok to want pretty things i guess .
but i do n't want to own 200 years of eyeshadow when i wo n't live that long because god knows it 's damndedly difficult for me to destash or sell things that i love .
yesterday my 2 year old got into my brand new mac tan pigment which i had stashed for a year and he tipped out some onto the table about a quarter teaspoon thank goodness ! .
i finally swatched it from the pigment on the table whilst cleaning up and it was not my shade at all .
it pulled an orange bronze on my skintone which was not flattering !
i thought it could work as a face bronzer so i mixed a little into my moisturiser but it made me look like i had oxidised product on my face .
so i very reluctantly put the nearly full jar for sale on my local buy/sell website .
if i stored coffee beans with salt in them would they stay as fresh as if they were in a vacuum ?
just started cs50 through edx and i noticed it uses 2016 lecture videos while there are 2017 available on youtube .
also noticed that week 1 video from 2017 is around 1 hour shorter than 2016 one .
i have an 8-bay ds1817 and here are my drives/dg/volume https imgur.com/a/5dyk5
after learning that you can only add larger hard drives to a synology volume i put the 2x 10tb hdds in first i put my 6 other drives into a disk group moved everything to them removed volume1 the 10tbs and have finally added the 2x 10tbs into the main disk group .
it 's showing 10.44tb used out of 23.16tb total disk group size .
my 10.44tb volume on top of that disk group wo n't allow me to expand it to the remaining space on the disk group it 's greyed out under manage .
synology 's website has a very simple add a new hard drive '' article that sums it up as if you want to expand a disk group or a volume choose that option '' .
i figured what i wanted to do was add another 2 disks to my 6-disk disk group and expand the volume to suit .
to achieve this should i just use fdisk lvextend or is there an actual way to do it and i 've done it completely wrong ?
i really want to find the article written about how we can remove certain letters from the alphabet and does so as they continue until at the end it looks almost unrecognisable but perfectly understandable but only if you were reading from the start .
tl dr real life circumstances have introduced a feeling of uncertainty regarding a good friendship of mine .
how do i bring this up and apologize without making things awkward or pushing them further away ?
throwaway for various reasons mostly embarrassment confusion a bit of sadness and just plain conflicted .
sigh i ca n't believe i am making this but this has been gnawing at the back of my head for some time now and i could really use some advice .
not just for the sake of this context but for improving myself socially overall .
a couple of months ago i developed a friendship that started out like the usual casual online friendship .
at first it was perfectly fine but things kind of took an unusual twist .
at some point she asks if she would like to exchange phone numbers as a means of communication beyond the social network we interact on .
i reluctantly agreed and it actually was pretty awesome .
we had extensive conversations that i have yet to feel comfortable having with most other people .
some complications developed here and there but that slowly passed with time .
now i find myself in a bit of a predicament .
over the last month or so i have been spending 70-100 hours working with little to no time for social interaction .
normally she would initiate randomly but it has since stopped .
not because she no longer initiates but rather a sense of guilt for not tending to the relationship as much as i perhaps should be .
doubled by the fact that we have discussed how many of our current and former friends do not share the same level of enthusiasm for one another .
i sometimes wonder if she feels a bit rejected i realize how self-centered that can sound i know i 'm not that important .
maybe it 's just my anxiety kicking in i tend to overthink a lot but i 'm not entirely sure .
in any case we did participate in our mutual hobby a couple of days ago with a few acquaintances but i ca n't shake the feeling that things have changed and not for the better .
i know that sometimes these things happen and there 's nothing you can do about it but i want to try .
i have n't a real friendship in quite some time and i would hate to relive another past experience of losing a great friend due to my own issues .
when considering just upfront making an apology i worry it will make things awkward if nothing is actually wrong and it 's just a case of mutual busyness .
moreover i am not very good at having these kinds of talks as i am a very guarded person and feeling this vulnerable has n't happened in some time .
and before anyone asks/suggests yes therapy next week been saving for some time .
here 's the link http bit.ly/2xlixfk btw fb group https facebook.com/groups/326747374417279
tesla are great their mission is admirable i have a model 3 reservation and i probably would n't consider buying anything else .
i was recently looking at german cars with a family member and last week had some time to spend in a tesla showroom .
now i 'm no connoisseur of premium vehicle interiors but it felt like there was a distinct difference in the quality of some aspects in a tesla that did n't feel like it matched up .
for example doors close a bit clunky and the centre console slider seems a bit rattly and plasticky .
what do you think would make a tesla feel more premium ?
are anyone else 's designs stuck on the under review status ?
everything i uploaded over the last 3 days is currently stuck at this stage .
the li'l run reports thread is for posting short reports about somewhere special you 've run recently .
question to all recording engineers how do you record a good clap in a small room ?
when i clap close to the mic i just get a huge spike with no sustain when i take more distance it sounds too roomy even in my small room .
tried applying really short reverb to it then it didnt sound natural .
tried compressing it which just amplifies the parts of my room that don´t sound good .
i´d really appreciate any answer other than find a better room '' if possible
i have several cloches set up to produce a metric butt-load of metallic essence to build structures and such with but i have a problem the basic auto compactor wo n't do the trick because the essence does n't use the standard 3x3 grid pattern .
is there any way to automate this process or is the only way to do it manually in the crafting grid ?
oh ok let 's wait 22 seconds before we fight .
i have been here at my current apprenticeship for 2 years and want to leave however i was given a training repayment agreement to sign however i have not signed it .
if i leave am i still obliged to pay the fees ?
do n't want to break a law and i dont think i am if i have not signed it but need someone that may know a little about this to help please .
let me present you my vn which i 've been working on for a while .
it was a completely independent project meaning all the graphics and story was made by me but since i 'm not
a native english speaker i asked my friends for proofreading and touching up the text a bit so it did n't look so weird .
i am a complete amateur but i really wanted to complete the project and tell people the story i came up with .
the graphics are not in japanese style they are more like my own kind of style .
i 'm not the greatest on that department but i hope it 's at least can convey what i want to show .
the main character is called simon a young boy who gets constricted into the 2nd hungarian army the units places and dates are mostly historically accurate .
now what you need to know about hungary 's role that it was quite unprepared for war and their soldiers were mostly used as cannon fodders with exceptions of course or just fill up holes that were left by the germans .
it was a historical catastrophe for us in every aspect .
this is why i picked this setting and theme to make an analogy between this entire situation and how simon feels about everything else in his life .
so him and his newfound friends set out to defend their country .
the player will follow the events that come next and hopefully will resolve all the mysteries and problems that will occur .
i have to add a little thought here how ... okay so whenever i watched a movie or played a game and thought to myself what if the character nopes out ?
what if he just says hey okay yeah that 's hella spooky okay leave me alone okay haha ! '' .
and would just close his eyes and would n't care .
the vn is full of choices which will effect the ending or unlock new scenes .
so i recommend to keep yourself to a principle when you make choices .
also i feel i need to add that since it is touching a few sensitive topic like jews in penal battalions gulags getting tortured and a few other gruesome but sadly very real concepts the vn lacks of politics .
simon sometimes comments on the situation but rarely in an ill manner .
he is upset about the entire conscription and the fact that they are defending their country '' thousands of kilometers away or the fact their contribution feels meaningless and their presence is kinda worthless or they were just sent to die there for nothing .
so yeah simon is a balanced cold headed character who just happen to be in a pretty bad situation .
it 's around 92.000 words in length including 5 different endings 1 of them is rather hard to get if you decide to get it use my guide and as a few people played it it 's around 10-15 hours long to complete .
the graphics can be off-putting but i hope the story will compensate for it .
the release is in like a week so make sure to check out the steam store page where there are a few screenshots and a little trailer .
anyway this is my first reddit post so do n't get too mad at me for the poor formatting haha !
i 'm a 24 yo intj and i 've been struggling my whole life with self confidence i hoped that it will get better with time but i still have those problem
normally it 's just an inconvenience but the sting ended up leading to a staph infection causing cellulitis .
my arm got really infected it spread a fair bit since that photo https imgur.com/a/8ho7e and i was in a lot of pain forcing me to go to a clinic to seek treatment .
there were fears that it might be resistant to antibiotics there are a lot of resistant strains of staph and i was given really stern warning to check for the symptoms of tetanus .
for those who do n't know cellulitis spreads very quickly and it has a high risk of causing sepsis when it is improperly treated or not dealt with altogether .
my best friend 's father passed from cellulitis leading to a heart infection so i was spending a few days in paranoia while i was waiting for the antibiotics to do their thing .
it 's also surprisingly painful and i have a new appreciation for the pain relieving power of ice packs .
with all of that said i am happy to report that my arm is doing better !
https imgur.com/a/gvwcd i have a few days an of antibiotics to go and aside from some minor itching i am definitely out of the woods .
i 've also been clear of all signs of tetanus and i 'm incredibly grateful for that as well .
i was told that i may have needed to be hospitalized if i did n't respond to treatment and being spared from that has n't been lost on me either .
thank you everyone who showed concern and for those who prayed for my recovery !
this whole experience served as a good time for reflection and surprisingly as a source of motivation and conviction .
i guess that i get to live to worship god another day and that is exactly what i plan to do .
i pray that you all have a good week ahead of you especially when compared to what i just went through .
i bring this up because aside from the characters scathach and chu chulainn being based off ancient celtic heroes the theme that goes with virtually every significant boss in the machi raids outside of diabolos is ... .strange .
it 's a remix of the machi theme but it 's got a very sad tone to it at points almost like you 're fighting someone with a tragic fate .
i know scathach is or was the queen of the voidsent and that alone should speak volumes for where she stands as far as the voidsent are concerned .
but were the final bosses of the machi raids sans diabolos the wols responsible for creating the void ?
if so it 'd add dramatic weight to what we as the wols of the source are doing we 're being made to fight cautionary versions of ourselves it 's like this is what happens when you get too power hungry '' in the same way that the warriors of darkness are on the opposite end with their this is what happens if you act gormless and nod at literally everything you 're told to do too quickly . ''
we do n't know overmuch about the wols of the 13th only that they 're largely responsible for the creation of the void and subsequently the voidsent .
so it 'd feel sorta poetic if our wols were the ones who expelled them from the source during the machi raids .
and on that topic a lot of the content from hw seemed specifically tailored to wol as a character the machi raids were about how wols could and already have gone too far warriors of darkness were all about the value of questioning one 's situation more instead of just accepting it .
the hw questline was about finding what was truly worth fighting for and at least for wol the answer was one 's own friends and family .
heavensward sorta deconstructed wol in a variety of ways the msq was all about recovering from a wholly unexpected betrayal the drk quests were all about wol coming to terms with being selfish from time to time and the value it could have as well as his/her own reasons for risking his/her neck for others .
the hw hildibrand quests near the end got super serious and told a very didactic self-acceptance story that really drove the same sorta message home .
we even see examples of reasons to fight gone wrong '' the bishop thordan wants to keep his people in as peaceful a state as possible because he believes that removing their faith would utterly break them he 's in a no win situation and takes the risk-free option to the detriment of all but his aim is still at the greater good '' niddhogg is on a revenge quest that has thanks to wyrmrage spiraled horribly horribly out of control and ca n't be stopped short of his death and so forth .
we get a variety of examples of what other people fight for even as we 're slowly elevated into areas of prominence and become a character with more power and agency we 're shown the pros and cons of things that ca n't help but to reflect our own situation thematically .
the machi raids in particular feel like they were designed to really hammer home that warriors of light are n't infallible they make mistakes they 're perfectly corruptible .
it 's a wonder ours has n't fucked up everything five times over yet .
edit 13th not 1st why did i do that ?
first it locked my account for no reason no email received .
but was now showing following now its showing a wrong number of following and fewer followers .
was wondering how long my psu would last it 's a fractal design integra r2 750w .
bought it 3 years and 2 months ago and the warranty lasts 3 years .
i was just wondering remember in the original silent hill how many of the enemies the ones i can clearly remember being the nurses and later cybil all had 'parasites ' that 's what i 've decided to call them anyways on their backs ?
i always felt like it had to do with the town cult infecting the people around it but have no real proof as to why i would think that and to top it off that sort of symbolism is n't repeated in any of the other games .
was it a 'hook ' that the team just ended up not developing tied to harry or what ?
i ca n't find the right lyrics for admit defeat by monuments https youtu.be/666fufijskk .
according to musixmatch the song starts with time to open the curtain '' but it does n't seems correct .
because my conservative teacher does n't like those who disagree with him apparently i had a bias even though all i did was explain why i was a leftist .
but now i know that he attacks me behind my back in other classes because of my evil socialist bias '' .
i did n't mean for the whole thing to be in the title .
i 'm doing an optimization problem for a homework assignment and need help trying to incorporate a conditional minimum amount and solver .
the question has 8 different type of coals with different amounts of pricing energy output so2 and co2 emission per ton .
we had to use solver to find the optimal coal mix lowest total costs while providing a certain amount of calories and meeting certain emission standards .
however the next part of the question asks to do the same thing but if the company decides to use a type of coal in the mix it needs to use at least 200 tons to cover some fixed costs .
i 'm stuck on how i should try to make this work using solver .
i added an binary if statement as an indicator of whether a coal was being used or not and then another column of the binary value the amount used .
however i 'm not sure how to put the right constraints in because putting it to be 200 just makes all of them 200 .
i 'm still a bit of a newbie and i 've tried the usa douglas macarthur for the win ! .
i was hoping to attempt another nation but i 'm not sure which one to pick .
i 'm not good at the sea or even air parts of battles and i want a nation with high potential so i 'm not just stuck doing nothing but one that does not have a thousand moving parts like russia seems to have that will overwhelm me .
one last wl to go before we round up this month 's wl .
hopefully these halloween boosts does n't fuck it up for me .
what i get in monthlies determines if i 'm continuing wl or not .
i do not care about your reputation nor anything .
reputation is meaningless and it can be easily faked .
when you 're adding me on skype you 're agreeing with my terms of service .
paypal btc cs go skins skins are overpriced at 25 due to the steam market taxes
the account is n't registered at any leagues whatsoever .
you will receive proofs of purchase the original e-mail also known as the first ever created e-mail within the account .
can i have a profile link and some other questions answered ?
if you are interested on buying it just add my skype .
i 've got a ad9850 dss on a breakout board you know the one https i.imgur.com/zh1n5sn.jpg
i 'm using the code from http www.vwlowen.co.uk/arduino/ad9850-waveform-generator/ad9850-waveform-generator.htm at the bottom with the ad9850 hooked to an arduino nano using the serial interface .
the sine output is exactly 50 of what i set it to .
it fluctuates between 490-510hz when set to 1khz and my scope has trouble getting a fix on it .
i 've put my nano and ad9850 on a breadboard using ±5cm/2 '' jumper wires i use and external 5v power supply i 've got caps on the power rails to smooth anything not yet taken care of on the boards themselves .
and i measure directly at pin 10 iout of the breakout board .
the code contains a calculations for which words to send to the ad9850
this is taken directly from the datasheet of the ad9850 .
ad9850_clock is set correctly as the oscillator on the board claims to be 125mhz .
i 've also tried a 50ω 2x 100ω in parallel to ground ont he output in the hopes that might stabilise it but no luck .
i hear the corsair h100i thrown around a lot when it comes to this question but this is only the most popular one .
what is the cheapest clc that is better than air coolers ?
are there any single-fan clc 's better than air coolers ?
side note can you delid a cpu replace tim and apply aio cooler directly onto the cpu die ?
if so how many degrees celsius are you looking at for improvements ?
i 'm looking for a particular necklace that we see bones wearing in season 1 episode 5 a boy in a bush .
the necklace appears at the end of the episode when the characters are heading off to the jeffersonian gala .
it 's the sparkly silver bird pendant that goes with her purple lace dress seen at 1:07 in this video .
if anyone can give me a hand with this i would really appreciate it !
he just finished his set in berkeley and that shit was a life experience 8
i love the idea of getting fat and being transformed into a gigantic slob .
it 's certainly my largest kink out there and i want you to fatten me up to an enormous size .
i 'll outline my other likes here in a second but this is transformation is by and large my favorite .
i also like the idea of fattening a partner up and making them put on a ridiculous amount of weight .
if you want to play the transformee in any of these scenarios simply ask and i 'll be completely willing to do it ! ! !
just a quick note i 'm rarely available to chat during the day .
usually 11:00pm to 1:00am cst is when i 'm primarily online and active as well as 9:00am to 11:00am cst .
and another quick note is that i prefer to use kik for communication .
it 's fine if you prefer reddit but my responses will be slower here than it will be on kik .
likes weight gain on female characters slobbiness gassiness romantic roleplays that could include sex but not necessarily belly/breast/butt expansion mutual weight gain preferably f/f teasing humiliation and a bucket load of over things .
dislikes super graphic sex ... hmm ... not a whole lot .
i may have a couple more dislikes but it 'll need to be cleared up with me first .
in other words just message me if you have a kink or whatnot that you 'd want to address .
the two of us would be college roommates who just entered their freshman year at a university where they make significant use of their unlimited meal plans that the college provides to the students for breakfast lunch and dinner .
the two of us end our previously healthy habits of proper dieting and exercise in order to pursue much larger meals and constant snacks between them .
our large bodies eventually make us lazy but also rather interested in each other as we pursue a relationship and continue on with our ways .
we could also play out this scenario with one of us already starting off as a fat slob who helps coach the skinnier person along to help them gain weight .
you discover an illegal app on your phone that can be used to edit just about any definable feature of the person you plug into the phone .
you can change someone 's attraction towards you their appetite how much they weigh how big their butt is how attractive they appear to be how much money is in their bank account and everything else you could imagine .
you decide to put this app to the test with me a rather cute girl who you had a pretty big crush on to see not only if you could make me yours but to see if you could transform me into your perfect person by having me fulfill your fantasy of being a sexy ssbbw who is lazy and slob-like and always up for fulfilling your deepest desires .
a quick little note i would be willing to switch roles on this one .
if you really want to be the person that gets fat i 'd love to be the one to fatten you up .
for some reason my character planned and successfully executed a robbery that left behind no clues .
it was seemingly immaculate on all levels and i begin to revel in my new found wealth which is disguised under a perfect alibi that fits on seemingly every level for most everybody .
somehow you manage to figure out the whole plot and the source of my recently obtained cash .
instead of reporting it to authorities you recognize the flawlessness of the plan knowing there 's no way the secret could surface without your witness .
you decide to take the opportunity to blackmail me as you usually found my character to be attractive and this secret would be big enough to get me to do anything to keep you from exposing me .
you decide to take this opportunity to turn me into the girl of your dreams fat rich and obedient on all levels .
for this one either myself or you will play as some big named female celebrity personally was hoping for someone like katy perry or taylor swift open to more suggestions but you do n't really need to know anything more than the name appearance and claim to fame of these people .
this celebrity will be caught in a moment of few things to do a two or three month time window where nothing of importance seems to be going on so she would have to make money through other means .
after being offered a massive sponsorship by a huge fast food chain this celebrity enters into a contract where she is forced into eating nothing but food from that fast food joint at a minimum for the duration of her break .
she begins to put on a lot of weight and begins to enjoy all the attention that seems to come from getting bigger .
she re enters the contract in order to continue eating all this fast food and become the biggest star out there both in terms of body weight and popularity .
i have n't completely fleshed out a good scenario for this one but i 'd love to play as a submissive girl who gets kidnapped .
the kidnapper would take myself and constantly feed me causing me to become incredibly fat over time .
this scenario would also include lots of bdsm but i have n't completely thought it out yet ...
i 'm down for just about anything so long as you tell me it and it involves a whole lot of weight gain !
i have started gymming again and this time i 'm going to try to listen to albums in their entirety to help distract me from the boredom of working out .
i think it 's gon na work yesterday i listened to caravan palace 's robot face album and it was a great workout .
what are your favorite edm albums for working out to or that you think you could work out to ?
any genre is ok i 'm trying to explore new music as well as get fit .
i am a high school senior percussionist and i am looking into getting another mallet bag .
currently i have the leather vic firth drumstick bag and it 's great do n't get me wrong on that but i 'm thinking about getting something else .
the only problem i have currently is that i do n't have too much space to carry smaller auxiliary items with me besides the pouch on the back side .
i know i could use another bag for those items but i 'd prefer not to .
any suggestions on what would be good to get ?
i know vic firth has the backpack and mallet bag combo would anyone suggest that or something else ?
i ca n't bring myself to trade up the little fella he 's been hurt before and does n't deserve it again .
so just slide me some spare rare item or two if you really wan na d and treat him well .
while they continue to be one of the worst units in the codex i 'm looking for viable ways to include them in .
anyone that runs breachers here how do you do it ?
join us and experience the full might of the lobster tired of known-space ?
try the soothing sound of no local and the thrill of stalking the crap out of people .
enjoy the spiritual uplift of bob 's holy land with a group of devoted believers in thy lord of j-space .
devoted bob believers purging heretics from the holy domain of bob .
an all around great group of guys to hang out with .
not being a ■■■■■■■ pleb that needs to be spoon-feed content due to being to lazy to scan .
jump into our pub channel the void enclave and give us a praise bob if you wan na hear more .
taking the re invent schedule extract tool i posted last week a step further this weekend i put together a twitter bot which checks the session catalog for new sessions and updates to existing sessions .
the script runs once an hour compares the session catalog against what it was previously and tweets about any differences .
i have n't found a good way of getting this information aside from trying to remember or tracking it in a spreadsheet .
i find the just added '' filter on the session catalog always returns 0 results for me so it 's not very helpful .
fixed i was able to fix my issue by going into the console and typing rate 30000 .
before you even start reading yes i 'm aware that there is a pinned thread but i 've searched it multiple times over and have found no answers .
i 've also googled my problem many times and have found no answers .
as i already mentioned in the title i 've been experiencing horrible ping/lag ever since the update has launched .
i had 0 issues before it launched but now i can barely play .
my ping just in the spawn room is 70-100 already much worse than before the update but whenever i near enemies my ping jumps to 200-400 .
it 's sometimes gotten so bad that i 've been kicked from the server .
here is a small list of things i 've already tried and have n't worked ...
does anyone have any tips on fixing this issue so i can complete my damn contracts ?
is there a program where i can record my ingame sound voip and my own microphone separately ?
i know shadowplay has this feature to separate my microphone from gameplay but when recording my teamspeak is consider as gameplay audio .
how do i get 3 different tracks of audio ?
i remember reading something sometime ago about not to install it but i ca n't remember which ios it was on .
recently my makerbot 5th gen starting printing pretty badly .
i suspect a loose belt but what else can be causing this on the z-axis ?
basically i create an ad save it but then fb says there are n't any canvas ads saved that i can use .
we have been working on this game initially for a jam .
we just found out that we ca n't join the jam online but we still want to wrap up this project and give it some polish .
we are very close to finish our part we set ourselvers the deadline of the 27th so we are mostly just missing art .
this has been a learning experience for us with no ambition so if someone wants to join just to give themselves a challenge or to experiment this is a great occasion to do it and will result in a viable product although not commercial .
the game is a runner based around controlling a swarm of people .
here is an early demo of one level https www.dropbox.com/s/e723yr3qynh64rr/game 20demo.exe ? dl=0
you can have more people joining you by running into them .
when there are two corridors the group automatically splits .
beware of holes black boxes and walls blue boxes !
so i have a quick query about the exploration of hexes overall xp gain in the kingmaker ap .
my gm has said that it is 25xp per person per hex completely explored .
i am assuming he is right but wanted to confirm as we spent nearly an entire session 5 hours exploring about 15 hexes and obviously got very little xp reward for it .
it feels a little low for the amount of time taken for what amounts to a lot of empty hexes .
we fought a single troll and each got like 2x the xp .
now i do want to say that i 'm not so much complaining more just curious as it seems low .
we have also explored probably a third of the first area map and only got around 200 gp each .
we are going to die at stag lord i believe .
i have a store in ob1 and ob2 ob qmebhuhqm4r54n3mysgwk94lvqgtrpyk3swu3eduagtcad/store on 10-19-17 all listings stopped appearing to others .
i can see my store but when i try to search for my listed items in the market they do not show up .
a lot of talk about next year already and i do n't blame ya .
on that note there is a home and home with nd we all know about .
is it crap that they cancelled the series on their turf and um has to go right back there ?
or are people just excited for this rivalry to return that they do n't care so long as these teams are playing each other ?
the switch is off to a great start big thanks in part to a steady release of nintendo 1st party franchises since launch .
taking into consideration which 1st party ip we 've already gotten mario zelda mariokart splatoon arms etc. what 's your outlook for 1st party switch games from nintendo moving forward ?
their franchise bullpen so to speak still looks good with metroid animal crossing and smash bros .
but beside these likely being holiday 20xx '' releases do you think nintendo will be able to maintain the same cadence of 1st party software as it has during year one moving forward ?
welcome to the 1 shop on reddit where dreams come true and the magic happens
lf black/white wheels reaper all painted hhc wheels and maybe tw dracos painted apexes
i prefer you making the offers if crates cc4 pcc and nitro preferred
not really interested in od crate items more painted bodies or boosts but really open to all offers !
only cc4s pccs and nitros here right now no offense !
certified bmds looking to trade for same bmd plus adds
dominus gt decal 20 painted decals yes also some for the octane lol
would like to buy bmds here as well as your cheap painted wheels you try to get rid of chakrams lobos and whatever you do n't want anymore
please beware of this impersonator u/m1tcheii23 trying to pretend he is me !
do not trade with him or react to his pm 's !
whenever i try to send some gifs to my friend 's who have iphone i get an error .
the file is greater than 1mb and exceeds the maximum file size for the recepient ''
is there any way for me to send gifs ?
hey home improvement we just finished our patio makeover and we are looking for some quality window well covers .
something that let 's in light and is strong enough to hold to be safe .
the window well covers we 've been seeing are very expensive however .
anyone suggest a good window well cover for the money ?
planning on getting skyrim again today and was wondering if i should get it on the xbox one or the pc ?
the mods are very similar so there 's that to .
bta blacker than average https i.imgur.com/hjgq8ut.png look with minimal brown patches .
➤ mainly looking for pure keys or liquid items not interested in ch and katos .
➤ have keys to upgrade to a 0.15x howl .
➤ trade link https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=311169513 token=bqlzvm4y comment before adding http steamcommunity.com/id/kaobeikaobu
this photo https imgur.com/ylsbmlt was originally created for this video https youtu.be/rn2vvrn7ibo but the scene was cut .
for quick play an option to never be considered for backfill would be the bees knees .
personally no amount of bonus xp is worth getting dropped into a match with less than a minute to go .
i hope that it is okay to ask this here .
as the title says i am looking for someone that can do past life readings and how any past lives may pertain my present life .
hear read or think of a word and at the same exact time see or hear the same word .
often timed i 'll hear something on the television or in person say a certain word right at the same moment i see the word written somewhere .
it 's really weird when this happens because it happens almost every day and has for years .
for instance today i was reading from a book the words be careful '' and right at the exact moment someone said be careful '' on the television .
does this happen to anyone else and does anyone knows why it happens ?
once you choose one of the three option ie med sniper or spy you will only be able to do that option for that contract .
all the other contracts not part of that single contract bubble will be unaffected .
hey is it too late for you to pick me ?
it 's 2017 and kane and kurt angle are going to be in a tlc match against each other .
too much chance for things to go off the rails and this is the school 's problem to fix .
go to the teacher first and explain the situation what your daughter is telling you and how you would like it resolved .
if you do n't get the answers you want ask for a meeting with the principal .
either stop posting voluntarily or get banned from all of the legaladvice family of subreddits .
can we pause for a moment to reflect on just how diificult was the original thorn quest .
appreciate the clip how are people going to create posts on stuff like this without videos or gifs
we are friendly but they are n't my friends .
we do n't tell the bury the body '' stories .
but imo she does apears to be side chatacter that might be connected with story .
however in last cinematic from lis she was shown looking at nathan .
i think every relation and character from that cinematic will play something or be part of the main story .
just wondering how much time will they took to make last episode .
just hoping it wo n't be short just for the sake of the blackwell and arcadia bay story and world .
i honestly doubt the lis will return in the same place which is good and bad in same time .
personally i think it was a combination of things .
i think he just moved that damn fast and she thought he would n't dare rise against her or that she could fight back later .
also i think her death was necessary for the story .
with adam as high leader it 's possible that the fang will act more openly violent .
i have a gigabyte gtx1080 g1 and love it .
but she 's 5th on the tier list it 's not like she is n't fun but she 's the best there are 4 characters who the majority of the community like watching and playing more and they 're better characters .
there are no peaches except armada or pikachus except axe in top 20 either does n't make them bad .
you want as much as you can possibly get .
it all started when there was an incident with a rail gun ...
i was lucky enough to get in on the xlm pump at 680 satoshi .
but i too fomo 'd and did n't sell the ath .
i made a lot of money initially but kept buying back in at the 900 800 and 700 satoshi thinking one of the prices levels would hold a support .
i still made a small profit off the initial pump but totally fucked myself over by getting greedy .
eh i was a psychology major all people are easily primed by their environment what they surround themselves with .
lots of studies in social psychology cognitive psychology in regards to this .
there are studies that show even those cheesy motivational decor pillows that say love life posters that say family is happiness alters mood and thinking processes .
on the flipside i remember my cog psy professor talking about research that said just repeating phrases for confidence will backfire not increase confidence or make it worse if the person does n't already believe it themselves .
really evidence is inconclusive but it could help http www.apa.org/monitor/2011/01/hypnosis.aspx
sheamus and cesaro combined are just travis bickle with a big beard .
why is miz saying the match should have been cancelled when he 's in the main event ?
i would die if she brought her imaginary bf along .
totally agree the guinness in say glasgow is pretty close to dublin 's porter .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/7844mp/has_a_cheerleading_squad_actually_helped_a_team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
for comparison here 's the picture of my teddy bear https imgur.com/a/fodfb
it just hit me that angle will be in the ring with stroessner .
it was the funniest thing ive seen in a competitive game
he 's 31 but made a career change to coding about 2 years ago .
his experience is patchy bc the 1st startup he worked for went under then he worked 6 months as a ta at the bootcamp he went to nycda then 3 months there coding .
then a small startup that let him go because the office only had 4 desks and they needed another customer service rep and figured they only needed 1 dev .
his github is also full of projects in lua and ruby not much in js even though he knows it and used it at all of his jobs .
are you saying i should have been tipping my bartender with cocaine this whole time ?
apparently the algerian team lost because of the fog caused by the wydad supporters smoking hasheesh .
messahel will be doing a press conference about this matter in the next few days .
so why is every kkk member and neo nazi a hardcore trump supporter ?
give me a break and take the brigading crap elsewhere .
i was only here to kill roman because he beat my brother .
there will be media rumours that we 're close to getting him all january as we try to pressure them until the final day when it goes quiet and we all get told that we just have to wait until summer and it 'll definitely happen then .
get in with the hype '' crowd on twitter and see if you can find people interested to buy it on there !
one dude in the formation '' we do not sow ''
reply from the rest of the formation we reap ''
yes i mashed the barbs and used a wire cutter to nip off the point and attempted to sand it smooth '' .
worked fairly well but we did have a couple of instances where they snagged during hugs .
fortunately no one was stuck just a little embarrassed !
aww man i know my home state is n't the greatest place on earth but all we need is some neoliberal enlightenment fam .
inb4 you guys get shellacked by like 60 in the conference championship game again
til being boring/bland makes people want to smash me in the face .
i 've never done the rso thing i 'll have to see if it 's legal to buy grain alcohol in my state now .
people that stand in the middle of a hallway blocking it when other people are trying to get somewhere
yes it seems like if you used the factory after they stopped allowing duplicates they are still broken .
i have two thunder cars but before i could make a third they stopped it .
after the thunder car i made several other factory cars and all those are broken as well .
hello sedge-demonseed your post has been removed because posts without a detailed body of text are considered low-effort and are not allowed .
you 're welcome to amend your post and resubmit it .
if you 're posting a discussion post or question consider answering your own question or providing some discussion starters .
please visit the rules page r/anime/wiki/rules for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
people have to learn to stop complaining because they were expecting a squash .
the whole idea of this is that the main roster is supposed to be a harder task for asuka to overcome .
yes she has beaten emma before but we are to believe that this is a new and battle hardened emma from the main roster .
emma is technically not a jobber considering she was in the title match on the last ppv .
she 's expected to be a tough task for asuka .
it does n't mean that they are going to bury '' asuka but there are n't that many women on the main roster either so wwe have to place them as a tough task for asuka so that she can work her way up the card towards the championship .
it would be boring as all hell to have asuka just waltz in and squash such a small roster in a such a short space of time and leave her with nothing left to really do .
you have to build this up right on the main roster .
this way asuka really looks a threat taking out the very best .
it has value within a very clear and specific context .
just as having a high n count has value within certain contexts .
you ever noticed that as soon as a pretty woman who is known as a slut enters the room every single male has his attention on her ?
the point i do believe the blue pillers are trying to make when they tell you her n count should not have value to you if you have a high n count yourself is that you 're being stupid and chasing something your imagination created not something that exists .
you 've chosen to assign your own value to her low n count because you believe it will get you certain things in a relationship .
you 're treating her like an object to be consumed but ignoring the fact that this is dinner for two and she too must consume you and be happy if this is to work ... and at very best she 's gon na take a couple of bites and spit you out .
more likely she will take a sniff then look like she wan na vomit .
you ca n't recapture being young and fresh and ready to commit at the drop of a hat by marrying a virgin .
not by marrying a virgin who kept herself that way by having distinct and unusual ideas .
not by marrying a virgin who is virgin because she 's much younger than you and wants to play house with an older man a while until she gets daddy issues out her system .
if that was what you wanted then you needed to take action young while of low count yourself and virgins were still a thing in your age cohort .
obviously you did not and well now here we are ... you and your advancing age and your n-count and a bunch of women with n-counts and a few virgins among it all who did not take your path and are unlikely to want to join you on your path .
and even if they did wholeheartedly do a change of direction and join you ... they 'd just become like the high n-count women you do n't want .
people who tell high n-count guys to stop making this matter to them are right .
they 're just making themselves unhappier than they need be .
a woman 's low n count is unlikely to have true value to them once they 're up close to it and living with it .
anyone who truly understands supply and demand would know why the free market does n't work for healthcare .
1 the consumer often does n't have the ability to choose which service provider he/she would like to utilize .
in emergency and urgent situations consumers are sent to the nearest medical facility for care .
whether or not this care provider is the insured network is an after thought .
they can not shop around for better prices so their is no need for care providers to be competitive .
2 free markets are built on mutually beneficial relationships .
consumers needs are met and an organization profits from the consumers purchase .
in the world of insurance of any kind the organization does not benefit from the consumer using their service .
they actually lose money when consumers have a need .
resulting in the ever growing list of denied services and the desire to not cover pre existing conditions .
the fact that it is so easy to deny care to the people who truly need just because they lost their insurance at some point is a unfathomable .
they changed the crafting ingredients for items a bit and made some of the textures less prone to simply not loading .
it was a bunch of very tiny changes that didnt much effect the overall enjoyability of the game .
it is just a subpar survival game at best .
do n't you know the chiefs lose when we are supposed to win .
this movie will not be relevant in 30 years .
i liked 2049 but there is nothing groundbreaking or longterm memorable about it .
as a poor college student 300 would be awesome .
thanks for the giveaway even if i do n't win .
remember always be cautious when using payment methods other than paypal goods and services .
title usa-ar h alienware 13 r3 w 2015 macbook pro or newer
13 '' ips hd screen 1366x768 not sure why they paired this with a gtx 1060 6gb
it still has the plastic on some parts of the computer .
also have a 360fly 4k camera https www.reddit.com/r/photomarket/comments/76m895/t_360fly_4k_360_camera_searcy_ar i could include in a trade deal as well .
i 'm looking to trade it for a higher end 2015 or newer macbook pro .
just do n't have as much time to game anymore with being a senior in college and looking for something a little bit more portable to take with me to my classes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/appleswap if you have any questions or concerns .
i say tormund because that picture makes him look like he has a glorious red beard .
you do n't need to call yourself anything you do n't want to .
82 thanks for doing the giveaway and good luck everyone !
i 'm building an ar this winter so hopefully i 'll be able to hit the shingle by spring
for me i always close my left eye with iron sights on weapons but it alters my sight picture to rhe left .
for example if i hold my hands up in a triangle and sight something with the triangle across the room and close my right eye the object stays center but if i close my left eye it shifts behind my hand .
i see it as racist because it 's as if they do n't even care that there 's a difference between the two like all brown people are the same .
it also marginalizes the natives by making them out to be some sort of foreign intruders instead of the rightful owners of this land .
racists ca n't stand the fact that brown people were here first .
so yeah calling native americans indians '' does most certainly have racist implications .
and i 'm usually not one to play the race card in fact i hate it when people do but this is pretty much undeniable when you think about it .
but if the fish does n't have an endocannabinoid system the neural circuitry needed for thc and other cannabinoids found in weed then they did n't need to do the study to figure out that fish ca n't get high .
i 'm not doubting the findings just the reasoning for conducting such an experiment .
it wouldve been 20-9 if they took the field goal and didnt miss the other 2
time to post here in the unfounded hope that i might win and be able to get myself some christmas presents .
what kind of system do you have on that old girl ?
after all as always it 's all up to the player .
she does appear in a what 's hot '' collection once in a while so with some luck when it reappears you may hope the sales go to 50 60
i 'm very liberal european liberal just proudly voted for gay marriage 1st country in the world to do by popular vote and a gay leader .
i do n't aim to change your ' beliefs .
i 'm appreciative that this sub let me have the argument .
i do n't think i could get this far on the alternative sub .
please check the rules on the sidebar of our subreddit and the rules wiki https www.reddit.com/r/seattle/wiki/rules .
please do n't post about illegal activity or obvious suggestions of such .
it 's possible that this removal was a mistake !
if you think it was please click here to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fseattle .
depends they could probably just cut off your old one and clamp on the new one .
if you want it welded on then youll need to ask if they do that .
i would n't give the stealth bonuses from pass without a trace i think it 's 10 but if the pcs do n't catch her directly it should be impossible for them to track her at all .
no ranger skills survival checks or nat20s reveal any information .
also someone correct me if i 'm wrong but i believe pcs can roll an active perception check against her stealth with disadvantage because of invisibility to notice her i.e .
not just passive perception assuming they 're actively looking for her .
i still like the idea of a commentary of maddox 's court documents
you 've got a strange effect on me and i like it .
you did really well and i actually try to make some stuffies a bit asymmetrical intentionally because i try to donate to toys for tots n stuff like that and i think we forget not all human beans are symmetrical so if i were them i 'd want a stuffy that looked like me not everyone else .
second redditrequest to annex a politically themed sub in 30 days
his third targeted sub to take over with reddit request
he 's targeted other subs i 'm in with the same strategy
the only other subreddit i 've ever redditrequest-ed is r/whiteeurope .
if you were a contributor during its previous white-supremacist incarnation my condolences for your loss .
engaging in flaming accusations and general drama will result in a ban from r/redditrequest .
keep discussion directly relevant to the request at hand .
winston is really good if you are expecting genji or tracer though .
hmm i wonder what exactly the air force needed 1,000 retired pilots for ...
agreed and this is the only way i 've ever played .
and you can avoid losing track by counting your completed tickets first then removing your tracks as you add the points on starting at the shortest tracks first .
every time i get past something a new flashback takes me two steps back
why on earth would you not use your running back ?
i 'm following about four shows this season houseki no kuni the ancient magus ' bride season 2 of sunshine and season 2 of osomatsu-san .
i read the entire manga over the summer and it became one of the shows i was really looking forward to watching .
manga wise i 've started two new series recently .
the first is the girl from the other side which i absolutely love so far .
there is n't much to it but it 's still a fun read .
today i started nononono which was written by the same guy who wrote elfen lied .
it 's far less violent than elfen lied but it 's still got signs the okamoto wrote it .
i 've heard the ending is really rushed since he dropped the series but i 'm enjoying it nonetheless .
again have n't started a whole bunch of new stuff .
the most recent episodes of hnk and tamb were really good .
the girl from the other side also has some really stellar art so any chapter from it could apply to this question .
favorite ed hnk mostly because it hints that two of my favorite characters will indeed show up in the anime .
what to go to a commercial while a big 3rd down play happens .
does that change the fact it 's crashed like 5 other times today ?
i do n't see how it was a slap in the face .
i loved mario kart 8 on the wiiu but the switch brought a whole new vigor to it with local multi switch multiplayer .
i 'd take the port over waiting an extra 2-3 years for a brand new kart any day .
yeah he does n't really like to talk about it .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/784wd6/youth_is_wasted_on_the_young_what_would_you_do_if .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
great start man and congrats on even getting anything painted .
i see that you play mtg and 40k like myself .
like the others here said i would look at some washes .
i 'll add that it helps to start thinking about basing before mounting but with ones like these where you already put them on bases try some astrogranite to make the bases pop .
use a plastic knife or sculpting toil to spread it on let it dry apply a wash and then dry brush with a bit of white .
the concrete look will go great with that red .
just letting you know that the op has been banned now for offering clones so this trade ca n't be completed .
except for how she travelled hundreds of kilometers between various space stations in a manner that is completely impossible in a time frame that is completely impossible .
so apart from how she travelled everywhere it is totally not sci-fi
i was thinking stir whip stir whip whip whip stir whip
i still have the tattered remains of my illusion of gaia shirt .
i think maybe they just closed tilt around the same time as north hills ' demise .
your cipher appears to be simplistic drawings of the asl alphabet .
and after figuring that out i saw that you left hints ... which confirmed my theory .
i like the editing and cutting between clips with voice over the top looks very professional .
the music is a nice touch too it feels very good over the video !
i do think you could improve on the audio have it a little louder and maybe with a more professional mic .
look up richard lewis videos on the whole phantomlord gambling scandal .
its a meme from that but god damn do i love posting to ensure people never forget what that scummy fuck did .
and how exactly does bringing this point to the table contribute in any way ?
sure you 're entitled to your opinion but consider the following is it really absolutely necessary that you let us know how you feel about his tattoos ?
how 's that contributing or creating healthy discussion in any sense ?
does it really bother you that much you absolutely need to vent like that without providing any sort of insight to the matter ?
keep in mind the add a comment '' button is rhetorical not instructional .
damn ryan why throw it where the defender can get it
i am starting to be a little wary of my getting too cocky and effectively jinxing myself so it 's just one puzzle piece at a time for me .
i do n't know what this means really but go rock it out !
3 trips to the redzone 0 points on the board .
i 've been looking around for a bit and the database is extremely helpful !
well i do n't know you personally ... so i do n't know specifically what you want .
but if you 're feeling pinned down what that really is is resistance/suppression .
i will be messaging you on 2017-10-28 07:35:53 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2017-10-28 07:35:53 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/lgg6/comments/7858fm/my_home_screen/dordjee 0a 0aremindme !
5 days to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
i have n't read this book and have no horse in the race .
i 'm curious though why this book gets such acclaim on this site and most reviews on good reads but has this scathing review which i thought was very well written .
for people who have read this book and enjoyed it is this review way off the money ?
1.99 is a pretty good deal regardless and i 'm not expecting it to be perfect .
for me it 's more about how i spend my extremely limited disposable time .
if you need some advices for other challenges feel free to ask
not when you take into account how many experimental cures '' never left the lab .
considering for how long such an immense number of scientists think them up i 'd say there 's a pretty large number of experimental cures '' we 've never seen on reddit
i 'm left handed too but because of having to use a pencil in school my handwriting style actually developed to holding my hand beneath the words as i write—i put my paper/notebook sideways now which freaks people out but i physically can't write with the paper straight up and down .
i always get sm 's and service members wanting to know how to get their full time tuition paid for while only being charged for part time entitlement ... .
probably what is similar to what was occurring at caldwell ...
a good way to flatter an artist is to ask him to draw you !
maybe if he draws you enough he 'll swap over the pictures without you even needing to ask .
it 's a hell of an experience being drawn by someone who loves you .
the gaze ... . the concentration ... quite a rush !
for a n institution that was so important to so many people for centuries that 's really not that much land at all .
while i can feel what you mean op to say that it 's frustrating to see gorilla and pray to go through financial issues '' every year when they are likely to do 20 times as much as the average redditor is a bit of an overstatement .
what is it doing when you do append k ?
appending the key as the value for the new my_dict2 value ?
if you do n't need persistence just use a regular variable .
imho you need persistence-you do n't want to be forced to recreate your user every time server restarts right ?
if it 's okay that you store it in a file i 'd recommend sqlite .
if you just need a key value store leveldb is awesome .
also i noticed that banks started making more videos after the entire situation .
the toughest step is always coming to terms with it yourself so do n't knock yourself .
honestly if you had any of that unwoven gauze that you can get wet with the saline and after a nice shower when the crust is soft it would be pretty gentle precise rubbing to get the crust off if you must .
it 's not like it 's a daily occurrence that you 'll be doing it and it wo n't leave and fibers like a q tip .
wow this makes our foam food containers safe then .
i started cringing thinking our foam is safer '' lol
i had sex with both your mother and your father .
your dad is a kinky bastard who loves taking it in the ass ... especially from your mom . ''
also helps with identification which is why you have assigned seating .
they are extremely fun to shoot and make citizens more equal to the military and police and able to actually stand up against tyranny they also make quite a bit of sense for home defense and for shtf situations .
im surprised to be hearing such cucked shit on this sub .
if you can afford it you should be able to buy it .
legalizing full autos would not lead to an increase in crimes with full autos .
you can make a semi-auto full auto with a 6 inch piece of string .
whats next are you going to argue that suppressors should stay illegal ?
even legalizing explosives and other military weapons would not lead to an increase in crime with those things because those things are cost prohibitive .
if you are going to argue that full autos should n't be legal then why should semi autos be legal ?
why not just make only bolt actions and lever actions legal ?
the thing is full autos are the best tool for the job when it comes to life and liberty and the second amendment was created to give the citizens the ability to stand up against government tyranny .
full autos are the best tool for that job and they should be legal .
he does n't need this sub to help him find excuses for not scoring goals .
i do n't think there 's anyone who is foolish enough to think you can put down ronnie by not passing him the ball .
maybe neymar would do that if he were with rm .
oh believe me you have spoiled some stuff for yourself alright .
calvin was eccentric no doubt his daughter is as well .
a silly fear as an excuse to introduce hobbes back into the equation .
i thought it was good fun before trump ran this time and i still do .
it is n't really made out to be offensive .
calvin makes no commentary on the specific person nor do they touch on her reason for the fear .
i 've honestly never thought a metallica song was too long .
... if you lose your health while playing the game that is .
hey techymind unfortunately your submission has been removed because it was a link to a video hosting site probably youtube itself .
if you 're trying to share a video you should stop by r/videos instead .
r/youtube is for discussing youtube as a whole its features bugs design trends and so on .
if you think your video fits that please send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoutube subject=please+approve+my+video. message 5blink+to+my+post 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/7866qo/how_to_see_friends_phone_screen_on_my_mobile_i 29 so that we can take a look !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
i see the problem with potion of polymorph but this interaction works correctly .
also was that potion of polymorph interaction tested after the new patch ?
team was outscired by 24 when his bum ass was on the court
i beat this guy the first game and was beating him the second game buy i gave away a pen .
to might be a better option staying closer to family would be nice .
thank you for the advice i 'll be looking into it this morning .
we are talking about the whole ishrat jehan and let issue ?
there is community height guess and rob pauls owner own assessment .
i think he does a darn good job with what hes got .
probably gets it right to half an inch to an inch most of the time .
took a while but you finally pulled the mask away .
you know you 're detestable when the prime minister of japan known for people keeping their feelings to themselves ca n't hide his distaste .
well you can even come up with your own personal solution and some unique hybrid form .
portuguese infinitives https www.learn-portuguese-with-rafa.com/portuguese-personal-infinitive.html the unique one language among romance that does so can be inflected for person !
it was also the start of the 3rd quarter .
yeah but like what if i do n't want to make it obvious
if you get tattoos and dress in such a way that only a famous person can get away with you will become famous .
losing to clemson really did a number on us i guess .
generally you get on a boat with all your friends and family for 2 hours and go to cypress and have your wedding there and party for a while and then come back and it 's done .
a proper hipster would look exactly the same as the classic scene .
only all the clothing and furniture would be overpriced because it 's exclusive .
please dont post this abusive psychopath 's name on the internet he 's gotten enough attention as it is .
my favorite part of that one is that he could just pull her down from there at any time but does n't because he does n't want her to feel powerless .
even the lotr showed franchise fatigue at the end as well as a drop in cgi quality i.e .
return of the king green glowing scrubbing bubbles of death .
looks short of 2g but those rocks could be bigger than i perceive them .
the people who are n't die hard are just not going to see their videos pop up .
when the channel starts posting again the new honest trailer will be trending because it 's their big return and casual audiences will watch it like they always have .
you just sound displeased that they 're not giving you updates so you 're projecting that as the idea that the channel is gon na end .
the other characters werent developed enough for their death to be significant .
you know lg is on something when they manage to make lcd that gets burn in .
this is why i am solo 100 of the time .
i suck and do n't want to accidentally mess up someone 's day by committing an faux pas .
they have everything they probably need in terms of food prep stuff just from having lots of camping gear but the rug is a nice idea !
do n't be so hard on yourself i 'm sure you were great .
yeah it takes a while for it to heal up just be patient and take care of your wounds .
the x4 980 still goes for the 100 range .
i use this when modding a sub and hot damn it works .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pcmasterrace if you have any questions or concerns .
ooh the 25th is my birthday d sign me up !
leste ett eller annet sted at sukkeravgiften alene er på 20kr kiloen så de går nok i minus med denne prisen .
in prison break the fbi are the bad guys but in the x files they 're the good guys so i guess it 's all about perspective .
i have n't really listened to hozier so i do n't know what sort of mood he would 've set for you .
yea cj is the biggest surprise of the team for me .
i thought he was going to be awful because he just converted to fb and all that .
that 's sort of the point he was making .
he was n't saying that the movie was a mistake he was saying disney 's actions were .
i always feel like vods do n't do much for me because sometimes i do things perfectly and others i realize everything i do is wrong and stupid
but i 'll see if better ppl can see differently
i believe they are using adhesives and not drilling or screwing so outside of the incisions to access the area it would probably not be that bad .
pick 6 followed by a 3-and-out followed by that dt pass that got called back but you know if it was n't called back .
hello you have previously posted a submission to r/dirtysnapchat within the past 12 hours so your post has been removed .
please wait the 12 hours before submitting a new post .
your submission has been removed as a request for an update on some event and not a complicated topic that needs to be explained .
please consider trying a different sub such as r/wherearetheynow or r/nostupidquestions .
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/785liq/eli5_why_are_computer_part_prices_going_up 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0alink to your eli5 search 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
why would not caring mean you purposely write things incorrectly ?
english is a descriptivist language and the hyphenated compound modifier construction is n't a hard fast rule har har .
descriptivism '' is the idiot 's excuse for not understanding his own native language .
i suppose i 'll most likely play it safe and skip el tepito .
fortunately i have n't experienced anything yet knock on wood and fingers crossed haha .
i 've tried numerous leave-ins oil moisturizers ... you name it .
this is the only thing that leaves my hair moist enough .
sealing it with gel holds it and defines it more .
i used to apply carols daughter leave-in moisturizer which smells great and does help with out leaving it oily or heavy but i do n't find that i need it at the moment .
i was afraid to leave so much in at first but i saw a youtube vid i ca n't remember which one at the moment where someone left about 70 of her conditioner and it really seemed to help .
granting that mcveigh was right wing and that 's me being generous you do n't have to thank me though 168 is still less than 3000
tämä on se seuraus kun kunnat ja valtio luulevat elävänsä kvartaalitaloudessa .
approach of the second sun https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/akh/4.jpg ? 1496453967 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=approach 20of 20the 20second 20sun sf https scryfall.com/card/akh/4 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! approach 20of 20the 20second 20sun
i 'm a 200lb gorilla so if i do n't put in at least 120 the tire is in danger of bottoming out on un-noticed seams in the road or potholes .
with the higher pressure i stand the best chance of avoiding pinch flats .
i mean he planned that proposal the day of .
my husband planned mine weeks in advance and thought it all out .
well i was ... 14-15 when i first went to the walmart vision center to get glasses
ey man i only had to do about 80 or so spys to finish ivara
if we have the same growth in the next 10 years whether in or out it will still be a net bad position because of the last year .
green lantern corps is definitely recommended but it can be pretty hard to find the trades for that run .
it was basically a companion piece to green lantern by johns .
while johns was having hal and sinestro fight across galaxies tomasi and gleason were dealing with the various other background lanterns .
it 's really cool if you want to see the run from a different perspective .
the main green lantern title is like a movie in that you are omniscient and see everything that happens with all the knowledge of various things going on .
glc is mainly through the perspective of it 's characters so you are following all the crazy shit that is going on with the lantern corps through them .
that 's not to say glc is n't omniscient cuz it is sometimes .
with my robot eyes i can not detect a budget listed in your post .
please check out rule 1 if you are commissioning a piece you must provide information about payment/budget and the specs of the project including size purpose media and deadline .
if you 're not sure of the specific number give a rough estimate of your budget .
please edit your post to list a budget that you are willing to pay .
we have a large range of artists that visit this subreddit for every price range .
if you have any questions or concerns please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hungryartists if you have any questions or concerns .
suprised the 76ers dont hold him out like they did all their young players every season .
because then it 'll hit something that otherwise looks like its not in the way which will annoy people way more than this .
well you do n't follow vintage at all for sure .
just off the dome so i think over 2 .
i 'm pretty darn sure i 'm missing a few as well .
have you tried buying another bike and have it delivered in that garage ?
let me be clear that totem belongs in a museum i agree 100 but it bears no 'power ' in lawmaking .
what 's so unfortunate about war is that even the most fit and skilled soldier short of captain america would not contribute that much .
soldiers are necessary yes but only in mass quantities .
many people if given the proper resources and position could contribute more than any given soldier and those who ca n't would be so insignificant .
i 'm sure this kind of paradox has a name but i 'm not really sure where any individual is all but useless but a mass is very important .
it 's like voting but the difference is that you can die rather than miss a day of work .
flux actually causes a lot of problems since it acts as an overlayish application .
it breaks freesync for a lot of people and causes flickering because it tweaks how the output is sent .
he 's a 7 footer who can play point guard
links to cdg supreme masks denim and gucci windbreaker pleaseeeeeeeeee
i just got married this week to my own tinder match !
i 'm a solo player for the most part i still do n't even have a clan .
and i ca n't even tell you how many hours i 've wasted trying to muddle through the raid with the so called guided '' games .
i 've actually pugged it and gotten it done but the guides '' always seem to fail on the dogs or the gameshow .
i had absolutely forgotten about last years video it was so forgettable ...
shit that was my mom to a t. well not counting the siblings anyway .
gaslighting was her favorite thing to do and only now that she 's states away and i 'm no longer afraid has she started fessing up to what she 's done and only after being told that i wo n't have it anymore .
she still insists that i was a compulsive liar and a horrible child even though she barely raised me though of course .
i hope you find the courage one day too if you have n't already .
speaking up for yourself is so hard but so worth it .
as u/cconnoruk mentioned you need to use another backup program for the windows partition .
as an example i 've been backing up my windows boot camp partition with reflect for some time and i recently wanted to transfer this windows installation to a thinkpad yoga 460 .
i just used reflect to create a recovery boot drive on a usb stick booted the thinkpad from that drive and then took my most recent reflect backup and restored it onto the thinkpad .
it booted right up and after a few automatic driver updates i had my windows installation from boot camp running on the thinkpad with all my apps and files preserved .
their job as mods involves keeping the peace though whether or not they actually love or hate blizz .
i tried using free sms receive websites but it would n't show up .
nor are kessler and kizer as good as schroeder and williams !
you do realize you can be a long distance runner and still eat more energy than you spent running making you healthier but still gaining weight ?
you also realize you can be thin and still destroy your cardiovascular health by sitting for an extended period of time with no exercise ?
fat people typically eat high carb diets which is bad for cardiovascular strength with no exercise but judging the health of anyone who is n't morbidly obese is ridiculous because a person who smokes and is solitary can be skinny as hell and still have a life expectancy of 60 years .
rich piana a bodybuilder i looked up to recently died at 45 because he never did any cardio and a combination with sugar and steroids killed him .
guys there is more than that to this joke ! ! !
when you pass in front of it later on a guy say this bus was suppose to be here since december !
this joke make reference as to why ubi reported the lauch date .
to push on trey and matt to make dlc !
or at the very least i 'd like to be able to choose what time of day my race starts and ends at ...
even if the track only occurs during the day i hate going into races and sometimes it starts at dusk and does n't move other times it starts in the morning and then in only a couple of laps gets dark .
why ca n't i choose what time the race starts at and weather or not it 's dynamic sped up what time it ends at etc .
not sure why you 're getting downvoted it 's definitely a thing .
but i guess it 's a common thing here .
more like 12 or 13 out of 25 since i 'm in pc .
honestly i keep seeing these posts with elite this and elite that ...
my barely making gold 3 does n't seem that great frankly .
it 's difficult but they can get thru it .
i have with me one other guy we both have prestige clears aswell
if i just read the description in the app store ...
it says ウィズダム和英辞典 there and it 's being put together by 三省堂 .
thank you for the clarification though by it being the best dictionary for ios you mean that it 's even gon na be better than those really expensive kenkyusha apps ?
as the camera pans up from the trailers it does sound like gun shots are coming from inside the trailer
i mentioned it because from reading the title somebody would maybe expect a drawing that highlights a character that is norn and revenant .
this is n't too important though the drawing looks awesome .
i got too much baggage that follows me everywhere .
even as i speak my baggage is hounding me .
how could anyone live a normal life like this ?
did you literally mine bitcoin nonstop and never cash in ?
how did you earn so much with a single gpu ?
oh this is good to know i thought it was only the jacket that the bottom button did n't get done in !
i was thinking joe maddon with the cubs and ozzie guillén on the sox
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/buffhydra if you have any questions or concerns .
this is a good way to do it i think .
i personally dislike standard because of the fact it rotates and you need a new deck every iteration but i suppose modern changes too so nothing 's safe p
the data available does n't allow us to control for age or income so it 's hard to draw significant conclusions from this data set .
this data does n't control for anything and derives from an extremely questionable methodology .
this is n't exit polling it 's looking at demographics of electorates then comparing that with how the electorate voted .
this methodology makes no adjustments for major factors like turnout etc .
it 's an interesting thought exercise but this data should be taken with a truckload of salt .
your pin/pattern/password is not the encryption key the encryption key is separate .
your pin/pattern/password is used to encrypt the encryption key that is used to encrypt data .
among other things this allows to change pin/pattern/password without re-encrypting everything .
what happened probably was that instead of using your pin/pattern/password to encrypt the encryption key android used the default password default_password '' literally .
twrp knows when the default password is used and de-crypts data automatically with no input .
by removing those files you force android to re-crypt the encryption key with your pin/pattern/password rather than default_password '' .
i know of 2 that i love linked to pictures we took there only 1 of these is a west coast island
most people who buy mid range do n't have fancy bt headphones .
asking is always better than going behind their back and snooping .
if you let her know that you are trying to trust her and ask her to see the messages and she has no problem with it then that would be a good start .
if she becomes defensive and downright refuses you 'll probably have your answer as to whether you should stay in that relationship or not .
at that point is when you can start making the boundaries geared more towards your needs .
something along the lines of i do not feel comfortable with how often you text your ex and how often you see him alone so early on in our relationship .
if you ca n't at least limit this interaction for our relationship then this relationship is n't going to work out .
some people just have different views when it comes to staying in contact with their exes .
my wife and i both agree that it 's okay to stay in contact with our exes if we 're open with it and it 's strictly friendship .
other people may strongly believe that exes are meant to stay in the past with no contact .
it only becomes an issue when her view is different than yours which might be the case .
so definitely sit down with her and try to have a mature conversation laying everything out there !
oooh i could use the custom monika sprite for the monika route mod ... would credit the artists accordingly !
you might have to wait a while they have already announced the announcement will be delayed to the afternoon ie batch 2 .
you 're probably an idiot but just blame it on not having your morning coffee yet and move on .
got the game on pre order aswell as the one x but gon na wait till the one x arrives before i play it .
it 's gon na be so tempting to put it in my one s and just play .
ohhh walk the moon doing time after time sounds like a masterpiece .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/786pmm/what_made_obama_so_cute .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've been waiting for this continuation for so long !
actually by un figures the global population is set to top out around 10-11billion by 2100 .
nice try lad but you 're not taking into account all the americans that are killed by cunts with guns .
also i 'm really starting to get into high-level pvm .
atleast they can invade other countries and maintain a gigantic military right ?
yeah they only shot a scene with her going to bran and saying i need your help '' because sansa is smart and can outplay lf by herself
really like the card as it is but how about the your opponent '' part be add two copies of fungal growth to your opponent 's hand '' ?
i have one more answer to the question 'what screams i 'm uneducated ? '
that 's a huge amount for only 2 left .
if that bar was filled all the way up your phone would have like 8 fully charged
vel vis du ser på dem som skadedyr så kan ikke jeg hjelpe deg .
men å gi disse håp om at de kan komme til norge når de virklig ikke kan det er også like ille .
er forelderene og mennskesmuglerne som er bak dette mennskesmuglerne mest fordi de sprer reklame om hvordan det er i andre land og får folk til å betale dem tusenvis av kroner så laster dem de i båter som ikke tåler ferden .
de ser på en kid til bare som litt ekstra gevinst for dem å dritter i om de kommer fram tilslutt eller ikke .
er ikke noe trump tilhenger men han funket i usa alt han trengte å si var at ulovlig innvandring ikke var tillatt og tallene gikk ned .
det samme trenger vi i norge en anti-innvandring reklame så folk ikke tror de kan komme her få penger og damer sån som mennskesmuglerne frister med .
and i answered your question.. then i asked you a question which you still failed to answer .
seeing you downvoted me while i did not downvote your 2nd reply .
i do n't think my friends intention was to megadose me because he has been using it for so long probably a year before me so he 's taken it atleast a dozen more times then me also i guess you are right since i 'm reading mdma has a sweetspot for the euphoria and it doesnt really go above that so i will make sure to take a smaller dose next time .
also will be going by the 1 month rule before i roll again and after that probably 3 months did n't know mdma was such a powerful drug to our bodies i really have to talk to my friend about his more frequent use
it 's straight up copying the shitty format of youtube reaction videos .
if i do n't reply that means i 'm dead .
you 're not a barbie girl in a barbie world ?
why are n't you buying b2x on the futures market if you are sure in your prediction ?
there are 3 futures markets now free money right easy 4x ?
do n't forget to attach proof after you bought them .
its called photobashing and is how most companies do their art .
pretty sure that all costs play into pricing including staff .
they charge what they can given the costs they have
if it 's only a week you can return it and buy a discounted one
one thing i feel is often overlooked or misunderstood the game plan '' is really not much different from the mana curve '' .
during mulligan if you have none of your openers according to your game plan low mana cards you 'll agressively fish for them .
if you have cards you really do n't want in your opening hand like roach patches or finishers high mana cards you 'll want to get rid of them .
if hs had 10-card starting hands the mulligan strategies would be very similar to gwent 's .
btw there is technically a limit to the amount of bronzes in a deck 40 .
or more accurately 40 minus the amount of silvers and golds so in a normal deck 30 .
you would n't wan na be the knee in that pic anyway .
this pic was snapped after the knee was jammed into the dog to pin him to the table to save the pizza .
neanderthals lived all across europe when the africans '' got there the americas were not inhabited by anything other than animals .
the americans '' who build the nation were english and prior to that french russians and spanish mostly and got separated from the motherland because of economic reason .
native americans had perfectly stable and working communities when the europeans got there .
i 'm not planning to roll her on her gacha just gon na ticket her
yes people kept telling me they saw it on facebook .
must be true if someone on facebook said it .
unfortunately your submission has been removed from r/nottheonion because our rules do not allow
articles or subjects that have been featured here before rule 5 .https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/71bll6/amazon_reviewing_website_after_algorithm_suggests
for a full list of our submission rules please visit our wiki page http www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/expanded .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you can check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
if you have any questions or concerns feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnottheonion .
it 's ridiculous that people are acting like this is some huge revelation .
i remember this from ghosts was part of one such a clan cept they usually just locked down a building i found it extremely boring .
giant ass bottle of sunny d probably a heafty dinner so i dont have to snack throughout the night and my skullcandy earbuds with my xbox elite controller .
in the past weeks i 've seen so much fud about bittrex while before everyone regarded it as the safe haven .
this again is a post made by a new member with big claims without any proof .
it could be true but i remain cautious before believing it .
so you 're saying trump is a leftwing peace-loving conscientious objector ?
because both my brothers names have this next to them and i do n't understand what it means .
there are many people that have some role on creative on impact .
who do you think that will be good for impact ?
what is their pros and cons with the way they book the shows ?
the policeman replied yes i would arrest you . ''
i said what if i was just thinking you 're a cunt ? ''
there 's not much i can do about that . ''
karambit doppler phase 2 bta pink on both sides metjm https s.metjm.net/i2kemhw.jpg
ultimately i want to show how these older units are extremely viable since i see a lot of people talking smack about how ayra is to op .
now i am using some heavy merges but in reality these units work just as well being non merged with certain set ups .
feel free to leave your underrated builds in the comments .
so i 've started tinkering with some of the older units after getting 11 eldigan trying for ayra .
mine was already 4 so now i got expensive fury fodder
lucky for me eldigan is one of my favorite units .
i decided to go with def/-res since i never got a spd one .
currently eldigan can hit 50 def using close def and def+3 seal .
add cavalry buffs and thats 56 def throw in threaten atk for fun and he can hit a staggering 61 def .
i have mine tank sapphire lance users all the time .
he 's one of those units thats got such an even stat spread that its hard for him to excel unless heavily merged .
however thanks to summoner support and the fact he comes at 4 that i am able to get him some merges and extra stats he needs .
and am able to 5 him can do 10 but i want to keep some ta fodder .
this puts his stats at 43/48/36/27/30 still pretty meh but add summoner support and he goes from meh to fantastic .
48/50/38/29/32 his high res means he can run the ploy skills pretty well .
his spd is just high enough to avoid doubles from many units which a tanky unit like roy wants .
the build iceberg/fury budget close def or dc if you want but not needed renewal qr sbreaker/threaten atk or def def ploy ss atk ploy atk smoke distance def
optimal would have to be iceberg/close defense/sword break or renewal atk ploy or spd ploy ss distance def or atk ploy atk smoke
with this set roy can reach def/res of 35/38 when a unit initiates on him 39/42 with a buff unlike other tanky units however roy maintains a respectable spd and atk stats that makes it hard for units to double him .
add things like atk ploy/threaten atk/atk smoke and roy gets an effective 40-46def and 43-49 res .
you can even opt to go with a spd roy to allow him to be doubled more and rely on qr iceberg to kill options are there .
if you read all of this thank you and feel free to leave your underrated unit builds bellow .
i have n't been playing this game as much lately largely because of the community pc .
i recently lost a ranked match with a guy blasting faggot left and right and we lost because i 'm not going to play until you can score one by yourself '' and i had to 1 v 2 when we were down 2-1 3:30 and eventually forfeited .
in my experience i have noticed a lot more cancerous players since the beginning of this season .
i 'm not exactly sure why but please report someone if they are breaking the rules so we can try to clean up the community .
i have n't purchased any boxes or 125/250 purchases either and currently sitting at 2.6 mil or so .
above the rest in my alliance which is kind of disheartening .
here 's the link http bit.ly/2klty3n btw fb group https facebook.com/groups/326747374417279
ps4 h full tactician chakram set w offers or keys
so im a high school chemistry student in his last year .
i will be doing a one week internship for a company called duracel in belgium they make batteries i 'm going to work in the qc lab and will be working with an icp ms system .
i know the theoretical working as good as i can understand from high school .
but are there any tips i can use practically or necessary things i should remember ?
i 'm sure they 'll guide me trough it since they 're not cheap but i do n't want to make me look like a clueless fool
i was just curious if anyone out there has been on the two or tried taking both fin/properia and testosterone boosters at the same time and if any thing out of the ordinary happened .
i know of one mother-daughter duo where this might be the case .
nmom puts pressure on her to be a fm in regards to her siblings and their partners but ndaughter also seems to enjoy prying .
in a way she seems like a bigger narc ' than her mother in that she verbalizes her delusions of perfection .
so i have a quick question about my secondary .
right now i have richard sherman 90ovr brent grimes 87ovr flashback byron maxwell 89ovr and josh norman 87ovr as my four corners .
i have flashback eric berry 91ovr at ss and twitch prime rodney harrison 89ovr as my fs .
i run a 4-3 zone that works particularly well for north and south passing but anytime i get one of these qbs who scrambles out and hits slant routes my corners are just too slow to get to the ball .
i wanted to get patrick peterson but his zone coverage rating is so damn bad .
casey heyward was another option but i wanted to turn to y'all for some input .
the following post by lfcameron7 is being replicated because the post has been silently greylisted .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
today i read one where an expert psychiatrist describes the kind of terror a person feels when they know they 're about to die .
but out of morbid curiosity what 's the worst you 've encountered ?
just got the game and wan na play with some other people
for example how far in advance do they record episodes edit them and put them up ?
i 'm more interested in the recording to on youtube timeline rather than the writing drawing board timeline .
knowing they 're on tour atm and episodes are still coming is what makes me wonder .
what would be a fair price in keys for this ?
i 've been spending my blood money on the 100 blood money war paint unlocked cases and i 've literally only gotten civilian grade items .
by now i have more than 10 civil servants/civic duty war paints .
the description of shows that i can get civilian grade and above .
do i just have incredibly bad luck or an i only get civilian grade skins from these ?
i 'm going to visit a friend in seattle and will be driving around to see the sights along the pacific northwest and possibly a trip up into vancouver .
what are some west coast fast food chains that i should try ?
i 'm from the northeast and have tried most of what 's available in the ny tristate area .
for the life of me i ca n't make any substantial dimensions .
any dimlets i put into a dimension tab seem to do nothing unless i only put in digits and then hope for the best .
trying to get an iron block or diamond block dimension but it just keeps giving me a warning of there are dangling modifiers in this descriptor ''
there have been a number of threads recently about special counsel robert mueller including two https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/786psa/mueller_now_investigating_democratic_lobbyist today https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/787es5/mueller_now_investigating_democratic_lobbyist on the front page of this sub where people seem to be getting their hopes up that mueller will nail tony podesta or paul manafort https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/6su93u/robert_mueller_subpoenas_paul_manaforts_global or trump https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/6ogrse/mueller_expands_probe_to_investigate_trumps or whoever else he might be investigating .
i think that some people are aware that mueller was the director of the fbi but most people are probably unaware of his history of white washing important deep state events .
former fbi agent coleen rowley charged that mueller presided over a cover-up http www.accuracy.org/release/911-whistleblower-rowley-on-muellers-history-of-cover-up with regard to his handling of 9/11 .
mueller also of course was in on the amerithrax investigation https shadowproof.com/2009/11/01/fbis-robert-mueller-still-engaging-in-an-anthrax-cover-up which sought to find who mailed the anthrax letters in the wake of 9/11 and bungled that case too http www.ocregister.com/2017/05/21/comey-mueller-bungled-big-anthrax-case-together .
mueller was appointed to head the fbi a week before 9/11 https www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/05/17/7-things-know-robert-mueller-new-special-counsel-russia-investigation/101811990 and reaching even further back into mueller 's past when he was a u.s. attorney he abetted the cover-ups in waco ruby ridge and the oklahoma city bombing by changing rules of evidence http themillenniumreport.com/2017/05/robert-mueller-the-old-fixer-is-back-in-town so that the fbi did not have to share as much with defense counsel in those cases .
mueller was also a senior justice department official and ran the criminal division there from 1990-1993 when the bcci scandal http www.nytimes.com/1991/07/25/opinion/essay-bcci-justice-delayed.html was being investigated .
what was the bank of credit and commerce international and why have n't most americans even heard of this ?
the underworld bank scandal is oozing out all over .
conceived in karachi financed in abu dhabi the conspiracy reached into the world 's western capitals and perhaps the u.n. under the protection of high-paid lobbyists and naive spooks .
scandal involves the laundering of drug money the illicit financing of terrorism and of arms to iraq the easy purchase of respectability and the corruption of the world banking system .
for more than a decade the biggest banking swindle in history worked beautifully .
between 5 billion and 15 billion was bilked from governments and individual depositors to be put to the most evil of purposes while lawmen and regulators slept .
now the fight among investigators is coming out into the open .
manhattan district attorney robert morgenthau who gave impetus to long-contained probes told a senate subcommittee headed by senator john kerry that he is getting no cooperation from the thornburgh justice department .
justice 's criminal division chief robert mueller tells me he will have a hatchet-burying session with the independent-minded d.a .
next week and vehemently denies having told british intelligence to stop cooperating with the manhattan grand jury .
and what about the revelation last week by the new york times reporter jeff gerth that the c.i.a .
for payoffs abroad which may have been used by the swindlers as a cover ?
'at no time have we received a request from the intelligence community ' insists mr. mueller 'to alter or suspend or in any way change the course of our investigation . ' ''
even mainstream news orgs like newsweek http www.newsweek.com/bcci-cia-connection-just-how-far-did-it-go-195454 connected the dots on the bcci scandal and were able to uncover that bcci ... was involved in some of the most sensitive intelligence operations of the reagan-bush years including the secret sales of arms to iran '' but out of that entire affair which interlocked with the iran-contra affair basically the only government figure to suffer any sort of consequence was oliver north and a couple of other minor figures even though the case was still being probed by a special prosecutor right before 9/11 http content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,157496,00.html .
there 's so much more that i have n't gotten to but suffice it to say that mueller has long been an insider and to me it is not surprising that he has been called out of the bullpen to be the designated white washer of this most recent series of deep state events .
this https www.counterpunch.org/2017/06/21/good-agent-bad-agent-robert-mueller-and-9-11 counterpunch piece does a great job of summarizing mueller 's complicity in the 9/11 cover-up .
let me know if i 'm missing any other instances of mueller 's cover-up work or if anyone knows any other interesting details about mueller and his career .
i got into a fender bender the other day and there was barley a scratch .
but today when i went to back out i got an alert that the pdc does n't work .
does anyone have any ideas on how to fix it ?
the cathedral of the deep is inspired heavily by shintoism and aldritch by a japanese fisherman diety cant remember the actual name .
but the skeletal butterflies are an evolution of pilgrims and the angels of butterfly .
we know that they are related to trees and the pilgrims wore those shells to ward off something particularly related to the dark from the blue cleric robes
they bore large covers on their backs to ensure that they would not become seedbeds for spreading darkness . ''
the dark could mean either the pus of man the deep or some miyazakitm bullshit .
if we observe the undead settlement everything is becoming a tree particularly hollows or the dead .
in the dreg heap a great tree has grown and if im not mistaken the angels pray to the darksign in the sky .
its interesting thst angels would be born of man and that they became trees before becoming butterflies .
whats also interesting is how the butterflies gather around lothric castles throne room as if they are waiting for something .
its a lot to think about they seem to be heralds of a new age but it would help to understand the mythos thst inspired them if any .
this is unsourced and highly speculative based off a broad chain of events and statements .
i would like to encourage any interested individual to do more research add to this story or come to their own conclusions .
after recent news releases i got to thinking about the possibility of correlating events on a geo economic scale .
correlating events with such a dramatic nature that if ignored may could lead to a brutal assault upon crypto currencies .
or if embraced and acted upon a long due lesson to big banking .
in 2014 the venezuelan economy began a period of inflation .
due largely to low oil prices and tax revenue that it had become very accustomed to being substantial .
jp morgan as well as goldman sachs and some other institutions had a large amount invested in the venezuelan oil industry being one of the largest reserves .
in an effort to stabilize the venezuelan economy slow inflation so that the oil profits could be extracted .
jp morgan and other institutions began buying venezuelan government bonds .
while it may have stemmed some inflation at the time it did not due the trick in the long run .
jp morgan and the others kept piling money blindly into the economy via venezuelan government bonds doubling down all in hopes of not losing their initial investment .
venezuela is now and has been in a state of hyperinflation .
a fiat currency swap is unlikely to hold due to the ill perceived governance .
and now a few venezuelan bonds are being forced off of the us and other markets .
apparently now the venezuelan population is starting to look toward cryptocurrencies for help .
with a huge population already running small mining operations .
a giant help to a country in despite need and certainly a great use of an alternative crypto currency .
that being said it 's also a potential catalyst for disaster as well .
if the venezuela adopts crypto currencies for a majority of their transactions .
then would almost certainly lead to further downfall of their fiat currency and by association their bonds .
potentially rendering jp morgan 's extensive venezuelan bond collection worthless .
what are the chances that jp morgan will let their oil investment go under ?
what are the chances that their double down venezuelan bonds will be let to go under ?
and then what are the chances that jp morgan will let more venezuelans invest and transact via cryptocurrency ?
i 've recently been speculating that a large chunk of the new crypto currency investments have been jp morgan themselves .
either to hedge their losses with the whole spiel or possibly something a little more nefarious .
i started my etsy shop in march so this is my first time dealing with the holiday rush .
i got some extra shipping supplies and have a bunch of new inventory i 'm going to make prints of soon .
any suggestions for advertising sales gift wrap or not past successes/flops ?
i know it 's partially item-dependent but we can still all help each other .
i 'm probably overthinking this but would like someone with some background to double check me .
i 'm trying to get all the top standard and mid range cars .
my warehouse inventory has 1 appt open so i thought that was the last one but i must be missing something since i get jobs to steal cars i have ?
in the dream i thought i had a strange white lump sticking out of the back of my hand where some bones meet .
the lump was hard and i squeezed the skin around it which opened up a large hole for some reason my skin was really loose .
inside the hole was some pink flesh and near the surface a part of a bone .
i pushed the other side of my hand until it stuck out a little and slowly pulled an entire extra hand out .
it 's lucky i had an extra hand because i did no checking to make sure this was n't the only skeleton .
the skeleton looked strangely disformed it was more like two or three skeletons put together to make one hand .
there were lots of fingers i 'd say atleast 15 fingers on the one hand .
the fingers all looked like the correct one and the extras looked like the one they were closest to .
the fingers had tiny little hands on the ends made of a single bone .
i looked back into my hand and saw i had a regular skeleton and the skin around it was very loose then i woke up .
i do n't know if that 's the only extra parts of a skeleton i had .
there 's no explanation of why it was there i must have just been born with it and just never knew .
it was the right hand i 'm right hand dominant .
there was very little blood just pinkish flesh on the inside of my skin .
i do n't think i 've ever had any similar dreams .
i get a lot of weird dreams that i wake up from and i usually just go back to sleep and completely forget them .
i just had this dream and had to share it immediately and found this subreddit i 'll probably share future weird dreams too .
if i had to guess a meaning the extra skeleton could symbolise another side to a personality or it could be that my body feels tired and a new skeleton would be refreshing .
then with the entire horde behind me cheering me on i dab on the horde for the blood elves
my husband is a condo super and has an issue with a specific resident .
the condo board of directors election is coming up and this one resident henceforth referred to as a runs and loses every year .
he also goes on a campaign '' every year which involves posting flyers on every resident 's door in the building as well as in all common areas andstopping people in the lobby to talk to them about the election .
he was given a warning by building management last year after he damaged residents doors by taping his flyers to them .
last year someone vandalized one of the flyers he put in the mail room .
so he posted a notice saying he was giving cash rewards for leads on who did it and threatening legal action .
he was told not to post threatening notices in common areas by building management and the board of directors .
the flyers were removed and he protested about his freedom of speech '' that his rights were being violated and his election campaign sabotaged .
but he has already registered yo run again this year .
he texted my husband to let him know and to warn him about interferring '' is his election threatening him with legal action threatening to get him fired as well as to ruin him financially .
a sent all of this by text so my husband has record of it and building management/board are directors are aware of what has happened .
my questions are namely is this guy full of shit ?
what kind of legal action could her persue against someone who vandalized his poster ?
and would the texts we 've received from him be enough to go to the police ?
tl dr crazy resident in our building threatened to get my husband fired ruin him financially .
i do n't know how common this is for you guys but i spend a lot of time wishing i could change the past .
oh all i had to do was do this differently then i would have been happy ''
oh what if i was in this situation instead my life would be so much better . ''
but i ca n't change the past it 's past .
so why do i spend so much time thinking about it ?
instead of accepting my present i wish that i could somehow break the rules and change my past .
i 'm considering switching servers and have a friend on my server that wants to come with .
they 've only been on pc for 14 days so instead they are thinking make a new alt on that server buy skip potion ''
they 're already at level 60.. i do n't want them to start over at 0 and i 've already completed stormblood and have several classes 30
im a 305 titan multiple normal mode clears.. able to do all parts of the raid.. just havent been in prestige yet ... looking for a team that may need one competent guardian !
in all the videos of the new pixel i noticed that the system fonts were a bit different from the regular roboto .
after a search i found out that it is in fact some sort of modified form of their product sans font .
now my question is is it possible for someone with a rooted pixel 2 to maybe extract the fonts from system/fonts or is that in any way protected on the pixel 2 ?
does anyone else hear the casters mic cutting out frequently ?
your typical visual novel dating sim but it has the player 2 '' characters as the romance options .
english is not my first language please excuse the typos .
my parents tried to immigrate to new zealand 2 years ago but had to come back after 6 months .
it seemed more like a long vacation with occasional skype calls .
the time afterwards was very difficult because i was happy to have them back again but they were grieving for the missed opportunity .
of course i always supported them and have been very understanding but they just refused to talk about it .
they are trying the immigration process again via university study visa and will leave shortly before christmas this year .
i guess i would like to know what to expect from a relationship like this .
have any of you similar family constellations where your parents live really far away like 30-hour-flight-one-way-far ?
did you manage to visit regularly and how were the visits ?
tl dr parents move across the globe looking for similar experiences to know what to expect
so if i log in on americas and play for a few hours .
that progress is that americas-server locked or would i be at the same spot if i went on europe servers ?
i made a pure pf as my secondary and the grind for dimer is real to say the least .
20 assists in a game gets you like 2500 points in career my pro am team has been playing walk on with me to help since every 3 assists there is like getting 10 assists in career .
not exclusive to being black or not done in general to make someone 's argument appear valid .
it 's to the point now where i will literally sleep all day .
i slept for 12 hours yesterday and forced myself to get up and go to work .
but today i have no such obligation and i am really struggling to stay awake .
i 'm so monumentally tired i feel like i could sleep forever .
i have n't been eating properly because of it either .
i 'm scared and i do n't know what to do
i 've been in false labor for over a month now and have needed morphine/percocet for last three nights meaning 2-5 hours spent in l d the past three nights in order to get the contractions to calm enough for me to get any amount of sleep .
baby is breech which is probably why my cervix is n't dilating while i 've been contracting so they finally set me up with an appointment to potentially schedule a c section for today !
i 'm sitting in the waiting room crossing every finger and every toe and praying to any and every god i can think of that we get to have this baby girl today !
good price easy communication packed well and shipped quickly .
highway 99 by the steveston exit where they were doing all that prep for the shiny new bridge i assume there 's a bunch of dirt that is green ?
i 'm colourblind so maybe i was seeing things but what 's the deal ?
has the dirt been coated with some sort of construction ... thing ?
i recently moved from visual studio 2008 to 2017 .
all of my reports in various applications were developed in the report viewer in 2008 .
when opening these apps in 2017 i was asked to convert them after opening the app in 2017 but they would not run as apparently there were still references to reportviewer 9.0 .
is it even possible to upgrade reports from 2008 to 2017 since it is such a big jump ... .i am debating whether to continue to beat my head against the wall i have found very little info online or bite the bullet and re-create the reports .
hi guys just opened a demonblade tryndamere in my worlds orb yesterday gives me the urge to play trynd again .
i played him in my beginnings in league march s6 and did n't like the split pushing style at that moment .
is there any place where i can get analysis of when to go which build ?
i see consensus around boxerpete ' and fogged ' builds but i do n't know what are the pros and cons of each builds their strength regarding enemy matchup allied and enemy team composition .
hello i 'm a college student in new jersey a one-party consent state and i 'm considering carrying an audio-recording device on person to avoid any false rape allegations at a party .
i realize this is a bit anxious and pessimistic but i go to a liberal university that false rape allegations would n't be entirely unheard of .
my concern is that i would be recording other conversations at the party which i 'm not a part of .
i simply want to record my conversations but the audio will pick up other blurbs of other conversations most likely which i 'm concerned would nullify this recording in any legal situations .
essentially i 'm using the audio-recording like a dash-cam but i realize audio is a more touchy subject than cars
i 'm thinking of getting a refurbished t440p and upgrading the hdd to an ssd and putting the ram up to 8/16gb .
does anyone have any experience with the higher end oh i7 mq range ?
4700-4900 as i 'm a little concerned about the extra heat it will produce .
is there anything i can do to remedy that ?
do you guys have any recommendations about what to do here ?
in my current environment we have 3 rdp servers running 2008 r2 .
users are assigned to a specific server and if there are ever issues with one of the servers we have to move everyone on that server to another one .
i want to implement load balancing with shared storage for user profiles disks and i have a few questions having never deployed this before .
do i need to upgrade to 2012 or higher ?
are there any good ways to ensure all 3 rd servers stay in sync as far as programs installed updates etc ?
can one of the rd servers also act as the load balancer/session broker ?
or should it be a separate server dedicated to those roles ?
any best practices or anything else i should be aware of or i am misunderstanding ?
i 'm losing track of my balls of glue for some reason is there an item that can scan my surroundings and point where a given item is ?
so my son is watched by his grandparents 5 days a week from 8:30am-2:00pm .
they ca n't get him to nap while he 's over there so when he gets home he 's an overtired monster .
my parents insist that he just does n't need as much sleep as other kids which i completely disagree with and them plus my so think i have too high of expectations for his sleep .
i 'm sorry but i do n't think expecting him to take a nap and not be awake for 6 hours in a row is ridiculous expectations .
i 've given them every suggestion i can and he just wo n't sleep .
for example ltc is only up 3 or so over the last 24 hours .
switched over from the t-rig to the jig for the most part as the water 's cooled .
this gal https imgur.com/a/293rh has been working well in clear water behind a black blue stanley 5/16 oz jig .
if the mobile mining app is just a simulation surely some people will create several mobile emulators on their pc gaining a big advantage on everyone else and eventually making the worth of the coins valueless .
i 've been smashing mofos in the offlane with howie .
his r2000 poke along with his wave clear abilities make it hard as hell for anyone to move into t1 tower .
plus the r2000 does damage when you start leveling .
g/d has been bread and butter with possessed spry-kin plague lord and grinning spectre .
epic do n't change his kit cuz he does so much work right now .
well we had eternal weekend so less focus on this .
still i needed a reason to procrastinate at work .
hey y'all i wrote this during an emotional whim i do n't really think like this that often but it is somewhat true so if you wan na read it go ahead but it does n't reflect me in the most accurate way
i mean i love the concept of school and learning new things but i just hate the way school is set up to be .
millions of upcoming due dates the horrid repetition the way we 're forced into learning a certain thing in a certain way rather then interpreting it ourselves .
i wish school required more than just sitting in a classroom doing busy-work and taking tests because that 's pretty much all there is to it .
you see i want to accomplish great things when i 'm older and i set high standards for myself because i can .
but alas the constant repetition and meaningless routine work of school just kills me and my motivation to do stuff leading to horrendous grades .
and it hurts it really does especially since i go to one of those top of the state '' high schools where everyone solely lives for their gpa and believes everyone with a 3.9 or below is a dumbass .
everyone at this school is a robot they get assigned something they get it done get the grade and completely forget about it .
and then there 's people like me people who break under constant repetition and order people who hold themselves to high standards because they genuinely think they 're capable and yet receive a 3.3 because they did n't feel like memorizing french vocabulary words or math equations and procrastinated far too much .
i used to think i 'm stupid because of my grades but i 've found the conditions by which i thrive under .
all i need are classes that require creativity and actual uses of my brain rather than pointlessly copying equations and memorizing what the mitochondria is .
my grades are horrible but what does a high school gpa matter for anyways ?
i may not get into princeton which was my initial goal but i will get into a different university and still earn degrees and pave my way towards becoming a foreign service officer .
honestly i ca n't wait for adulthood no more sitting around doing fucking nothing .
so kids if you get bad grades just live with it .
i mean do n't full on embrace it try to improve but do n't act like your entire life is based upon your gpa .
sure you may not get into an ivy league but why do you need to get into an ivy league ?
just go to some good college and get a fucking career that you actually enjoy .
i 'm only in the first few weeks of sophomore year .
i shall become a robot and do all my work and nothing else for the remaining years of high school and go to princeton and study abroad at sciences po or some shit and all that other stuff because i fucking can .
or just move to some tiny cabin in a village high up in the swiss alps and smoke weed everyday .
actually no i really value making money and gaining power .
i know most everyone else struggles with school as well but it just seems that most of them just do n't experience the same types of problems as i do .
that 's not to say that they 're not going through hard stuff either or are any worst or better than me .
we are pushing for 2k but we really need a good healer which we can play with almost '' everyday .
we are currently in 1800cr but we are both 2k exp .
i am already on the upgrade programme with my iphone 7 had it since release day so i am planning on upgrading to the x .
my question is will 3rd november be classed as my first payment ?
as we only get this phone in november if they release next years phone in september as per the norm will it be possible to have made 11 payments before next release day ?
same scenario if you do n't manage to get an x on release day suspected low availability and only get one in december for example you 're never gon na be able to upgrade to a new one on the release day if it goes back to a september release .
what are your top 3 favorite and least fav seasons ?
as a main adc/toplane my only knowledge of jungling is that they gank you when you are too greedy without vision .
many people who main jungle have learnt through the years and watching better junglers and learning their mindsets .
is there any way to learn jungling in a faster way ?
is there any list of fundamental knowldege that any jungler has to know ?
or a set of steps/script that you have to follow to execute a good performance at least in early/midgame ?
i 've seen rhymestyle with it and it gives him this awesome aura that i wan na use .
if you are willing to come to upper east side for pick up i am selling at discount of 3 per bottle .
if you want me to come meet you somewhere else in mahattan itself i will charge a little more .
like i saw other posts about people going to their concerts early to get good seats .
i got tickets for the jacksonville show and i got good seats near the front so i 'm wondering if its just first come first serve or not .
it 's my first show so my bad if i sound dumb rn lmfao
i 'm waiting to hear back from a few companies i interviewed with at career fair so i thought it might be useful to start a thread of which companies have sent out offers and who is still deliberating .
smashed my passenger side window in luckily i had nothing of value in my car so after going through my car they left with only a pair of cheap headphones .
was such a pain to drive back home in the rain last night with no window .
looking to get this fixed asap and will most likely just pay cash instead of going through insurance
can anyone recommend any good spots in the area to get a brand new window replacement ?
if you have vocal for edm/pop/tropical house or trap send me pls
i am really wan na do collab with someone .
here is my sc https soundcloud.com/user-214517780 if you wan na check my works .
i 'm looking for a clan based in north america for pc players .
i would be playing in the afternoon and evenings .
i 'm planning on playing semi casually i would like to eventually start doing raids but i 'm not going to rush through the game .
anyway i 'm currently planning on playing a warlock .
i 'll be working today until 2 p.m. eastern standard time but i 'll be online immediately after that and i 'm off wednesday and thursday .
edit i should have mentioned my primary goals were pve based .
i 'll only do pvp for the powerful rewards .
so in my course i 'm tasked to give a brief introduction about the mode which includes the definition method for solving and a business application as in how can businesses use it .
i 've already got a general idea about it but am struggling finding a practical application for businesses and could use some help .
also looking for white standard and painted calculated banner !
hey guys i started with bpm today and packed some good looking e.g .
japanese badges and kits but none of them is worth something .
to save time in the future are there any badges and kits worth something ?
link to bot http steamcommunity.com/id/foxlevelupservices selling 21 sets for 1 csgo key
i heard that they were sold at a recent con but i ca n't find pictures of them .
after my 3rd faulty nexus 6p my contract provider has offered a huawei p10 plus as a replacement .
ideally i really would have wanted to have moved away from huawei but does anyone know if this is a quality phone ?
we have created a new fanmade supernatural discord just for you .
it has space for rants for spoilers for chats and for reminiscing over already seen seasons .
please feel free to stop by and look if it 's to your liking .
we are new and few but we welcome everyone with a big smile .
i am currently planning to sue for breach of contract .
am i also able to sue for punitive damages for evident intent and an attempt to steal my intellectual property illegally with proof in small claims court ?
what about suing for the filing fees as well ?
i now have at least 182000000 experience points in the invention skill .
i killed 53 tormented demons fewer tormented souls in the world must be a good thing .
a lot of people need therapy and the waiting lists are long up to two years .
some non-insurance therapists charge people with low income less but only accept a small number of patients .
i just wish i knew where i could go instead .
but no it 's just ... be quiet be nice be functional and do n't kill yourself until someone or something else does '' .
i 'm 20 love to cook and am from earth so i love potatoes .
bro its hardly the shitstain that sf4 diehards claim it to be .
at the end of the day sf is still king of fighters tekken 's style will just never appeal to the masses .
full roster from sf4 new characters which looks like it will take them until fucking 2025 .
further reduction on aa jab damage or removal of aa jab and rework of anti airs for all characters .
rebalancing of offensive vs defensive strategies as being aggressive is extremely favored in sfv due to the very small window to punish wiffs without precise understanding of matchups and frame data
better baselining of weaker characters like juri and alex and other characters that simply do n't see any popularity in play .
and making ryu at least average instead of missing both balls .
more sexy lingerie costumes for chun li and friends .
this way crapcom makes enough money to fix marvel infinite lol
i wonder how many bigfoot stories were just a cougar making this sound .
you still see it in the sci-fi shows which is why it came to mind .
i like your idea of legendary cards however i think it could be done in a better more natural way .
what i would instead do is deal legendary cards equal to the number of players then each player gets to bid vp 's on the first one dealt then everyone but the winner gets to bid vp 's on the second one dealt etc .
players would start with whatever legendary cards that they won .
i know we will get at least a few chances for snow like we always do .
but more recent stuff is saying drier and warmer .
do you personally think richmond area va will get at least a few decent storms ?
last year we had one that dumped about 12 inches early january but not too much after that .
cephadrome is n't nearly as bad as it used to be in the freedom era .
better to have sonic bombs than just stubbornly bring none at all .
well shit i deleted the app on my phone and i lost all my progress .
i 'm not usually an ass man but sue me if the last thing i ever want to talk about is the arcade .
we have a couple paramedics that i do class with i always try to position myself as close to them as possible !
understanding teens ' lack of good judgement does n't mean that they ca n't make good choices or that they should n't be punished for their actions .
but judgement should still include context a developed adult dropping rocks on cars is almost surely a violent psychopath .
a teen doing so could just be an idiot not fully appreciating the consequences at least in the moment .
they should be punished but they probably should n't be judged as irredeemably broken at least not from an isolated incident .
i find the cranberrys really counteract the bad faloviurs of vodka
if you have to ask it 's probably a bad idea ...
i really want people to tune out these guys so they will eventually go away .
not sure but there was an article i read today with a former writer that talked about vince telling the raw team he wants the main event to end hour 2 .
they see the ratings drop and it has n't historically mattered what they put in the 3rd hour .
when the first thing someone does is call me a tranny and say we 're all pedophiles there 's not a lot of room to de-escalate .
probably the rock that requires quoting a source when you intend on being an uppity cunt .
i guess you should have looked into it before moving here good luck with winter hopefully you freeze to death or move back to whatever shithole you crawled out of and the world will be a better place again .
is dallas having a full season getting in the way of vpr ?
well if that 's the criteria ... . we 're gon na need a new language .
i 'm sorry man sounds like you 're going through a pretty rough patch right now and it 's only natural that you would be angry and sad .
i ca n't say i 've ever been in those exact situations you describe but i have had times in my life where money was so scarce food could n't be afforded or there was no place to go or life just seemed simply hopeless .
i can tell you right now it ai n't easy .
to answer your question in all honesty i still have n't quite got the whole coping method '' thing figured out yet but i think even with that it may be beneficial for you right now to acknowledge that it 's okay to not know how to deal with these feelings and it 's okay to not know how to feel better and it 's okay to be rightfully upset about things going on that are n't exactly the way you 'd wish life was at that moment .
it 's okay to be sad and while i do hope you feel better soon sometimes a good cry is just the key to letting go of some tension .
best of luck from ireland to ya mate hoping things improve over there soon .
you do n't know me at all but i used to frequent nexus atlas all the time during my nexus playtime and seeing your name in here brings back a lot of memories lol .
side note i also saw alilolelotte posting in official forum before and it freaked me out haha ...
she 'll be joining our jack russell mix so we 'll have our hands full
fuck all people who throw things off an overpass into traffic .
i lived in a farming community for a few years until early this year .
even though the farm i worked at was technically competing with others in town everybody helped out everyone else .
after almost 20 years of corporate life it was so refreshing to live in the boonies and be a part of something so uplifting .
and it rejuvenated me when my soul had been sucked dry by suit life '' .
if it makes you feel any better i 'm thinning a bit ?
i really do n't think the food synthesizers on discovery are meant to be replicators .
i 'm pretty sure they 're meant to be as i said food synthesizers .
they look and act just like the food synthesizers on tos but just voice activated .
as for the holodeck '' i think i get a prize for being the hundredth person to point this out but the discovery does n't have one .
it has a shooting range which uses a more primitive form of holographic technology that is a half-step between the holographic tech shown on ent and that shown on tng which is ... exactly what discovery should have .
i know i really hope this helps his channel .
i wanted to message him and be like 'dude you made the front page of reddit ' but i do n't think he 'd ever see it .
also do n't know if he really cares that much .
i mean yeah money is nice too have but he 's one of those dudes that lives really humbly and and is always happen no matter what he has .
67 is still pretty good compared to say 20 iv 's
no i '' did n't assume that but many of the people in the comment section who read this post did !
venge 's passive kinda takes a while to get any use out of and she 's naturally poor at farming .
i 've seen her in 1 sometimes but it 's kinda rare and i 'm not sure why to do so .
i play her as a 5 with another stunning support/carry/both or sometimes as a 4 like lion she does n't really harass out an offlaner or babysit a carry with her low attack range and expensive nuke .
she can pull off kills very early and level 6 is a big power spike in ganking .
did roaming morphling but his e is mostly useful because of items .
buildwise the shotgun build with eblade and the raw stat build with linken's/skadi are common .
better off going barkley and then any of the top 5-10 o lineman in the second round .
i personally love orlando brown from ou hes an instant plug for bobby hart at rt .
those two picks can literally change this entire offense .
also i 'm not ready to jump off the webb train until we see what he 's got .
break up with her and let her find a guy who knows her well enough to avoid asking internet strangers for gift advice .
should have challenged the placement of that ball but too bad that 's not possible
doctson has been wide open about 4 times this game .
ive read it before it 's really interesting until they put it up on line webtoon and changed all the kr names to english names .
but tbh it does n't really have anything to do with fashion ? ?
i feel like the artist just illustrates what is trending onto the characters and the types of people that they portray
here is yesterday 's giant thread regarding stealth heroes and monitor choice https www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/77zd4r/hots_is_pay_to_win_i_just_bought_a_new_monitor
spent much time in the pool hall/arcade downstairs as well .
sounds very interesting i 'll have to look more into it .
it takes balls to describe yourself like this and then seriously endorse roy moore for senate grabbed from his site
elected in 2010 as utah 's 16th senator mike lee has spent his career defending the basic liberties of americans and utahns as a tireless advocate for our founding constitutional principles .
they should just not do collabs and they should just make heroes everyone can recruit at all times
i 'm frankly glad there is bo1 next split .
lots of new teams and what i imagine to be a crazy off season with all the top tier free agents .
wonder if someone will just grab the whole imt roster .
my husband and i both have 0 baby experience so this will definitely be an adventure for us haha !
so far i like keeping this secret between the two of us and i do n't want to share the news yet but i guess i 'll have to tell sooner or later !
thanks again for all your advice i appreciate it !
i will definitely pm you if i have any questions .
i do n't think it 's rude to hit on people .
i think it 's rude to keep hitting on people when they do n't reciprocate .
we do see a few more looks in the trailers and some clips of challenges where there only 7 or 8 ppl left and she 's still there .
opinions are the bulk of content from news outlets .
dying means something and the anxiety and adrenaline rush you get when you 're in the last 10 is something games can rarely ever do .
it 's just a good formula designed to make you feel serious intensity and i love it and lots others do too
feel free to link to official statement that they are not .
i 'm on the other end of the spectrum i work with a team that is being outsourced by our clients from us .
i agree with sulbhne in our experience those clients who have their own project manager liaising the team tends to be more efficient .
daily scrums helps a lot in making everyone on the same page .
find someone technical onshore if communicating to the off shore team daily is too much for you .
it 's down to consensus of the users miners and exchanges .
got lucifer strong enough but not really top tier anywhere so pretty disappointed
a bit like how small amounts of alcohol and thc too iirc can help concentration but past a certain limit is terrible for concentration/productivity/everything .
does jaela not need to do daily kills with her raven dagger anymore ?
i have an internal door that looks similar it is in bristol .
a lot of people would have removed them or broken them it has done well to survive .
well the trend is we lose 2 or more important players each week so i doubt we are going to get healthy .
i just hope we do n't lose anyone else this year .
empty hole top right and two empty holes in bottom row instead of filling two rows completely and leaving bottom row entirely empty
input box on the right in the view instead of placing it left
i did n't know i had ocd until this post .
i hate it that there 's literally no rotation in the squad .
i expect to see a very different team but i 'm 100 sure that tuanzebe and mctominay will only make the bench and we will play with a lot of first team players again .
do i become a character i have or start from scratch ?
there are four proposed variants for the future air defence
20 new aircraft extension of the service time of f/a-18 simplified sta system .
according to svp adrian amstutz security does not allow half-measures '' .
any other variant than the 40 or 55 new jets represents a public threat . ''
opinion of course if security is that priceless for the party that keeps fighting against any kind of government expenses why stop at 70 aircraft ?
let 's get a few bombers or air-support aircraft as well .
and brand new battles tanks too while we 're at it .
i mean we 're talking about public security it 's super important and stuff .
where else would they nominate for their backup venue ?
hmm he seems fairly risk adverse none of those mobs could scratch him .
so i suspect the rapid temperature decay on interloper would claim him before long .
it 's been a long time coming d i 'll listen to the episode as soon as i can .
assuming this first one counts as a seasoned review ?
just look at space in the guardians of the galaxy for example .
you 'd have a better chance of being successful if you could post
lyrics if you do n't have lyrics try r/musicinthemaking or r/songwriters
where to start singing and the parts of the song
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needvocals if you have any questions or concerns .
well it is only because there are more than 1000 token atm according to coinmarketcap
this is why we use accountants to pay less tax and planners to make money .
should the soviet union focus tree have focuses for the civil war to speed up the conflict ?
also should trotsky have the option to return to lead a marxist leninist government and to lay the groundwork for a war with the third international ?
its fine on a tablet i stream my xbox one to a small linx 8inch tablet and it looks fine play with xbox controller for me its not too small anyways .
most of the time i 've noticed the major drop off points are usually up and the ways to the busiest stands are usually down .
götze was promising but reus is not in that category .
thanks for pointing it out there 's a box that lists supported languages in the japanese eshop directly on the switch .
ca n't find it on their web page directly not for mario they just send you to that overengineered/overstyled preview site if the tech specs are hidden somewhere i have n't found it .
i shamed him and made him deranged and now he ca n't feel pain .
all he says is i ca n't feel it .
really breaks my heart to see him lose something he loved so much .
i 've been in this situation as well and at least for me this fear comes from not knowing if you 're actually good enough to stay in xyz-league .
when you first breach into a new league you 're not necessarily at the actual skill level of that league .
there is a certain point though at which this fear vanishes it 's the moment you realize that you are actually doing well in casuals in xyz-league .
at this point i do n't care if i lose my first match because i 'm confident that i 'll rank up again in no time and that i can actually make progress afterwards .
it 's very rare for a son to be shorter than their mother .
was wondering is behemoth actually the oldest still-active robot design in the world obviously it 's a new model but it 's still basically the same robot ?
even nightmare from battlebots only debuted in 1999 a year after behemoth .
fish levels are just indicators high or low number do not guarantee bad or good behavior always look at real activity before jumping to conclusions .
many scoring rules have a max score typically plus or minus 300 .
your profile and flair was refreshed as a result of submitting to the subreddit .
the report is generated automatically and may be incorrect .
if your pizza count/flair is incorrect contact moderators to have it fixed .
practical bot examples https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/howto_bot and command reference https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/bot_reference
i can do wurm unlimited between me for the night for never alone foxtales dlc
he would n't say it without having at least sounded it out with the 27 countries so while he does n't have the unilateral power he likely does speak for the people who do .
i would n't want to show my face at work for a week if this was my kid haha
damage output feels similar the splitters are lighter and smaller so they do n't get shot off as quick as the bigger chredders .
if you got a good feeling for when to spin them up .
i love that every specialty parks a cart outside the door to ward off badness .
in the er and i 'm lead to believe the icu does this as well if we pulled a bag of pressers but then did n't need it we 'd still keep it in the patient 's room to ward off the badness .
do you do this with l d specific drips ?
step 2 bind voice line to mouse button/scroll wheel .
i onda žicaju da ugasiš ad block jer i oni moraju od nečega živjeti ...
i have to ask how much does it cost to make something like that ?
i was walking through the woods a couple days ago and i almost walked into one hanging from a tree on its web .
can you post an example of what you said before that got him pissed like that ?
it seems to me that when you talk to the guys you frame it too much like a transaction or business deal .
remember that the main reason guys are on the site is because they like the allure and sexy experience with women .
if you are coming at them with a business portfolio and trying to establish xyz terms right away with no charm sexiness etc then obviously they will get pissed and either ignore you or verbally say so like this
i 'm talking about those american actors who start early but by the time they hit 27-30 they start to lose out to non-american actors .
apart from the group which came to fame in the 90s matt damon etc .
would n't it be reasonably safe to say those 30 leads now are mostly british canadian or australian ?
strange loki rey finn oops aged them up let 's say venom instead jyn british
if it was n't for jake gyllenhaal and the various chrises chrisii ?
leading american male actors in their 30s would be practically extinct .
turns out i do not have an address field .
edit looks like changing league format does not work properly when i use firefox .
should be seeing you on the leaderboards then soon no same society just a club on xbox so we can upload clips and stuff .
i thought i had sent you an invite to it .
i 'll send another when i jump on xbox .
i agree with this to some extent but it can actually help your prospects of getting a mortgage by having a car/phone on finance as it builds a credit history for yourself and this is what lenders are going to look at .
i agree that people do go over the top with financing stuff like holidays where it would be more beneficial to just save up for a deposit .
not sure on the legal angle but i can comment on the physics of it .
how sure are you that you 've never been close to 200 pounds ?
so for example i weigh 110 if i stand on the scale if the scale is capable of measuring instantaneously and i jump/fall onto the scale it will register a much higher number as my 'weight ' as the movement has increased my effective weight .
so if you 've fallen or something you may have exerted more than 200 pounds of force on the rod in your left leg .
if the op 's husband is n't super thin there is no way he would be able to stuff his ass in'em .
well done for posting and getting help the only way is up !
was n't there a secret boss on the jp side that gave a rat tail before bahamut came out ?
it 's common enough that there are threads https www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/4vmfab/why_do_foreigners_hate_other_foreigners regarding https www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/4c84c3/bizarre_encounter_with_another_foreigner_on_the that https www.reddit.com/r/japanlife/comments/57eudt/are_other_expat_communities_as_hostile_as_japan from time to time .
with the passing of my favourite james bond tis year i 'm going as zombie roger moore plus it 's gives me the chance to wear my tux that 's been hanging in the closet since i bought it .
this works for me in germany for iplayer and channel4
since she 's going to be figuring out her flow and will be irregular the underwear designed to catch period blood would be a great idea .
i had to set voice chat to team only .
buying a 10 starbucks coffee everyday and then wonder why you do not have enough money for expenses at the end of the month .
hope it sorts itself out one way or the other .
i 'm a juve fan and i say he completely deserved the award .
he was responsible for getting us at least 15 points in the league which we only won by 4 points .
and he was flawless in the cl until the final only conceding 2 goals the whole time despite playing attacking teams like barcelona monaco and porto .
he was absolutely the best keeper last season across all competitions .
and for you to even mention handanovic is a joke .
he was great against you guys this weekend but 2016/17 was a season to forget for him .
your memory must not last more than 2 weeks if you honestly think handanovic was amongst the best goalies of 2017 when he was in poor form for the first 6 months of it .
if you wishlist a game on steam you get an e-mail when it 's released or go on a sale .
dtr with the air method works overnight for me very well and erections are n't a problem but it also means i do n't socially drink anymore because i save that for helping me fall asleep .
like everything else what works best is hugely determined by genetics .
just do a test run first and if you can comfortably make it 4 hours a full sleep cycle then you 're good to go .
most people do n't have to sleep all 8 hours at once they just do n't know it .
is there a separate dinner that 's not in this picture ?
chicken have killed me twice on inferno when they block the door .
standing there in second mid like an idiot spamming the door someone peeks from balcony and shoots me .
there are no carnivorous chickens in the game though .
iohannes zicea la un moment dat ca prezumtia de nevinovatie functioneaza doar an justitie nu si an politica aberatie mai mare decat asta din articol .
yeah and its not like retailers really lowball used games .
they take the current value of the new game and drop it slightly understandably because it 's used it should be cheaper but it 's also much better for the store and they do n't have to undercut the price of a new copy for much to make it the most attractive purchase to lots of people .
his best performance has nothing to do with money .
he took out both speakers which are attached to the midframe on all the issues '' you are talking about .
so it 's not empty '' he just took out parts of the phone .
you make it sound like this guys desperate for another hit as if it were ice or something .
this guy just does n't care about annoying some people on a tram .
it 's like calling someone a junkie for eating corn chips .
i 'm sorry but whyyyyy would you want to glitch this raid on prestige ?
considering the rewards being basically exactly the same as from normal mode the only reason to do the prestige version is the challenge and sense of accomplishment beating it .
if the rewards were different from normal mode i could somehow understand why people not being capable of beating it legit wanting to cheese/glitch their way through it .
and so did the children who could no longer work 12 hour shifts in the coal mines and factories and the families who were counting on that income .
that does n't mean it was a bad thing and certainly does n't mean it was n't well intentioned .
i 'd put green beans in my pocket then flush ‘em down the toilet later .
even though i think that my english is kind of good i do accept the fact that some of the stuff i write might be hard to understand .
but good to hear that my point came across .
my anxiety has been pretty awful lately so i needed this .
if anything it has visibly slowed down since 2008 the golden era has pretty much come and gone .
more supply due to economical troubles more access to no-strings hookups for many folks in larger cities as well .
i would look out for yours around the same time .
are the gay people mad that you 're appropriating their label or are you a trap ?
the mamasan a.s.a.p is the best flavour i 've ever had not only that but my buddy and i have tried mixing it with all our other juices and it goes well with everything .
started buying a bottle for the staff to keep in the break room and we 've gone through 8 bottles in a week not even mad totally worth it .
i have all these i do n't know if they all have ha or not but let me know which ones you 'd want and then i can check when i 'm home
jason goodman is another excellent one similar to jake endtimes news report goodman went into the jean george steakhouse and debunked the stupid claim that the room in photo from award ceremony was a fake goodman completely debunked that by showing the room on video .
i have certainly gone on hikes and wished i had stayed home .
shave your bush asap so it 'll have time to calm down by then and put on some lotion after every shower to soften your skin .
you had to pass a theoretical exam before you could get a 'voorlopig rijbewijs '
i 'm pretty ok with all of the duggar spouses except derrick .
the consumer has a say in all this by buying electric cars installing solar on your home or switching your power provider to a renwable source .
there are many ways the average person can lower emissions without having to rely completely on the government .
if you do want the government to step in make sure you vote for environmental friendly candidates .
seems a little flattering after what i 've watched this season but i do feel like the o is headed in the right direction .
really worried about the d from here i 'd love them to just turn the corner like they did last year i know we 're short on personnel but when they played as a unit last year they proved they can be greater than the sum of their parts .
i 'd go with yes your friend will see the weapon 's custom name .
okay let me re-phrase that kinetic energy does n't solely equate to energy .
because then you will have an exit wound so much of the force is wasted out your back .
this is why the smaller weaker 5.56 is used mainly over the 7.62 the 5.56 stays in your body delivering 100 of its energy while the 7.62 blasts out the other side making a slightly more survivable wound .
whilst yes that makes sense it 's not so cut and dry .
whilst yeah a projectile with less force will be difficult to remove and thus less likely to survive but if you 're hit center mass by a larger projectile with more force you 're far more likely to get well more fucked up and thus being closer to dying .
if you 've got a large hole in yourself it 's not going to go too well and that 's not even taking more sensitive areas into account .
i would like to cry but i do n't have any time to .
we are engaged in manufacturing multipurpose wafer check valve which widely used in chemical and process industry .
our organization is the premier export from india and our sluice is manufactured with high grade quality of raw material .
disc check valves are recommended after traps discharging into closed systems to guarantee against return or spill back .
dcvs feature a compact and rugged stainless steel design and are suitable for any process liquid and gas not just steam .
they can be mounted between pipe flanges in any direction .
available with us is a quality range of valves mmke which is manufactured as per the industrial quality standards at our vendors ' end .
these products also exhibit excellent strength and durability that make them highly demanded by the customers .
we make sure to offer these products at the customers ' end after thoroughly checking these on various quality parameters .
ah yes milo the gay jewish man who prefers black men .
why do you gamergators still think you can fool people ?
yiannopoulos was a useful soldier whose very public identity as a gay man one who has now married a black man helped defend him his anti-political correctness crusade and his employer from charges of bigotry .
but now yiannopoulos had a more complicated fight on his hands .
the left — and worse some on the right — had started to condemn the new conservative energy as reactionary and racist .
yiannopoulos had to take back alt-right to redefine for breitbart 's audience a poorly understood leaderless movement parts of which had already started to resist the term itself .
so he reached out to key constituents who included a neo-nazi and a white nationalist .
finally doing my big feature on the alt right yiannopoulos wrote in a march 9 2016 email to andrew weev auernheimer a hacker who is the system administrator of the neo-nazi hub the daily stormer and who would later ask his followers to disrupt the funeral of charlottesville victim heather heyer .
it 's time for me to do my big definitive guide to the alt right yiannopoulos wrote four hours later to curtis yarvin a software engineer who under the nom de plume mencius moldbug helped create the neoreactionary movement which holds that enlightenment democracy has failed and that a return to feudalism and authoritarian rule is in order .
which is my whorish way of asking if you have anything you 'd like to make sure i include.
alt r feature figured you 'd have some thoughts yiannopoulos wrote the same day to devin saucier who helps edit the online white nationalist magazine american renaissance under the pseudonym henry wolff and who wrote a story in june 2017 called why i am among other things a white nationalist.
back in the late 80 's i worked for a company that did lots of shipping and there was a cut-rate shipping company called burlington express that my company had a contract with .
i went to make a delivery to their airport facility one night and one of the forklifts had impacted the wing of the plane .
there was a crew up on the wing patching a hole in the leading edge of the wing with duct tape !
as i watched this the pilot came out and started screaming fuck no ! ''
he then got into an argument with some managers who said they would not unload a full plane .
when i returned with a second delivery later that night the plane was gone .
no one would say whether it flew or not .
it mostly made me wonder what sort of fucked up career path the pilot must have had to end up flying for such an outfit .
i 'd be looking at trying to eliminate one of two vibrations that still occur .
extremely minor fairly constant vibrations during long travel moves diagonal infil on a large part for example and those that occur during short rapid retraction moves .
in my setup i have rails under the bed with sufficeint space i could probably mount 1 or 2 of the things under each rail .
the x axis would be trickier as i ca n't mount to the rail there because the backplate will obliterate them .
there i 'm thinking of somehow finding a rubber damping material that will fit in the front and back t-slots .
the complicating factor being i do n't know if such a material even exists or would be secure enough to use .
maybe silicon rubber fuel tubing pinned with r nuts and bolts at either end ?
reducing the extruder mass will certanly help working on that i 'm just trying to think of other areas that might benifit from incremental improvements .
on the plus side my taz backbrace mod seems to be working great i just got literally the best print of my entire career tonight after attaching that and my new damping bed corners so i 'm hopeing even an incremental improvement could be had .
next step will be mounting the printer to a granite slab with anchored vibration dampers as well but thats waiting on the move .
i have one somewhere at my parents house that was made in an early 90s glass pepsi bottle with a wooden cork ... shit was so tight like 4 years after moving out i visited and it was still there .
my friends and i have done some 4 man 4 pack drafts for conspiracy .
it gets a bit weird but works surprisingly well .
the c2 mm3 c2 c2 draft was very spicy to say the least .
depends on what time i work nights so my schedules ' goofy but i 'm down .
i read everywhere how he looks just like kail .
that makes more sense with skippy being wrong about every possible thing .
ticking the remove full screen optimizations '' on gta stopped the volume/music overlay '' from appearing anymore .
when it would appear changing songs or volume in game it would cause a stutter .
also anyone wanting to remove that volume overlay from a game can do this .
im in for that kraken is still my favorite exchange in the way it works
yopro white guys might be the most hated group on twitter right now and i 'm not even joking .
that 's barstool 's core audience and it 's not surprising at all that the sjw 's on twitter are hating .
have a look in the bins round the back of google there should be loads .
you came in here asking how 's he 's been this year because you clearly have n't been watching him play .
then in the next breathe say he 's giving up to much yardage lol .
dude is balling out we 're the number 1 pass defense for a reason .
either way we are 1 pass d he has n't been getting taken advantage of .
what bothers me is that billy corgan invested in the company and they still*were too corrupt .
i hope he ends up going through with that nwa resurrection .
dang it seemed like putting money in always seems to rig it positively for people somehow .
i was able to figure it out without spending too much time on tutorials .
i only did recolors/retextures so i did n't mess with any meshes .
since trump was elected almost a year ago the market has gained 5000 points .
it matters and affects the market when the president wants to lower capital gains tax .
renewable energy for 1 of the population would probably just mean bulldozing australia or something and lab grown meat and eventually veggies removes the need for food .
add in the extremely quick progression of military tech and robotics ...
seriously the extermination of your average joe by the rich and powerful is n't as crazy as people seem to think .
sure but it 's within a lifetime two at most it 's entirely feasible and cause for legitimate concern .
i ca n't believe after 26 years alive we have made such progress.. backwards..
its just gon na take one shitty night and hes going back
kidd probably rests him as much as as he can been playing lots of minutes the first three games as he should though
when dealing with internet is best to reduce the speed instead of just turning it off .
he 's an egomaniac who does n't like being shown up .
he going to now act like a child in response .
but it 's good for the tin foil hat crowd .
they 'll claim its proof hes a russian pawn channeling their inner alex jones .
he can not take it when people point out he 's not king .
i have never been able to do this and really want to .
changing that option in game does nothing nor editing the config file .
i run no mods so that 's not affecting it .
if the dealership says hey i can get you a better deal i you can wait three months before paying it off will you do that ?
if you say yes and then do n't do it that 's lying .
here 's https imgur.com/a/zahww my first attempt at one of these challenges !
i had fun finding a dress to fit with the theme .
not exactly quick a bit of cooking time but not too labour-intensive
you can also hit report on the messages themselves so they go to the admins .
people harassing you in pm broke sub rules and site rules .
sub rules get them banned from the sub but admins can ban them from the site .
that 's a great example of the sort of uptake and embrace that a game engine project would try to achieve .
used resource booster and i could haul 10 wisps in like 3-5 minutes .
also used loot radars all 3 of them and bullet jump boosting mod like lightning dash cause i found teleporting short distances to be annoying with wormhole .
some talents can completely change heroes and the way they are played .
so if i 'm just going for midway is it worth it ?
if you need some apps only on the play store you can try having a cheap backup device only for a few of those apps .
i have an old htc which i use only when i need uber or something like that which is about thrice a year .
you know every time i see some useless piece of crap .
i always wonder what the chinese think that made it for us .
i swear toffoli had to fight around him 3 times on that shift .
simmons on the other hand seems like a master of it he just lost control and had a summer smooth landing on ass
cov for 3 and simmons with amazing mental composure as a player .
of course it was n't like that at first .
i love my husband dearly but if we end up divorced i will not remarry .
i would n't want this for myself or anyone including my worst enemy .
it happened over time and i thought it would get better after marriage .
close your eyes and imagine trying to make yourself attracted to someone you 're just not .
forcing yourself to get hard for a woman you 're not attracted to .
that 's how far gone it is once attraction is lost .
i hate to be harsh but trust me you do n't want what i have .
we are a rocket league community that is a great place to meet friends and play casual or competitive .
we are looking to for players plat or higher to join and become part of a growing organization .
we have an inner league that battles each week for the champions cup and you can look to join in on the action .
message undeniable to let me know when you join .
in the movie humperdink makes a comment that he wants to rule the world .
in the novel there 's a scene where an arranged marriage between humperdink and a princess from guilder does n't go well and he says that he 'll just conquer it having wanted to since he was a child .
as a side note if you enjoy the movie you should definitely read the novel .
it 's unique in that both the book and the screenplay were written by the same author playing to each medium 's strengths .
he has the zoo of death created simply so he can spend more time actually hunting and killing powerful cunning and dangerous creatures and less time traveling around looking for them .
not that his tracking skills are lacking in any way he 's just much more busy as his father ails .
but we can still narrow down the time frame a bit .
inigo and fezzik both spent time earning their living by traveling around the entire world and defeating local champions .
fezzik was so good at it and the crowds got so ugly that he had to switch to fighting groups .
it 's inconceivable that neither of them would be aware of firearms if they existed .
surely at least one angry loser or more likely their loved one shocked at their loss of status would n't retaliate with asymmetrical force .
the fact that neither one sports a scar from a bullet means that clearly no guns were fired at them .
so we know it can not be after 1346 because guns were used in the siege of calais .
but we also know that the year can not be before 1630 because of the reference to thibault whose academie de l'espée was published at that time .
however rapiers fell out of favor by 1710 so clearly it can not take place after that .
the n sane version makes so that you can die in a stage and still get the clear gem deaths in bonus rounds do n't count as a death in the stage the save system is much better crash controls better imo and 100 the game is much easier than it was in the original .
not to say that the original is bad but it has definitely not aged well .
he recreates a new universe with exactly 10.72 in loose change
i would do research only when i has a solid team without the 4 .
etemon isnt a great mega so discovering his rookie would be the best option but you cant find out which megas you 'll get until you know the rookie
i have a 10 month old pitbull mastiff mix that weighs 85 pounds and is solid muscle he could kill me in a second if he wanted too but he 's the biggest baby in the world
i got my dick stuck in the oven would not recommend .
the only thing i can think of with a red hair girl singing in a band is pugwalls summer '' .
to me it seems bobo is just slow compared to the usual flow of the team .
almost like jefferson looked last year when people were saying he was out of shape except for this year the team is even quicker .
i agree he is great to stretch the floor but primarily only for half court offense it seems so far eye test .
having just discovered my dog has a mild bee allergy i would suggest some benadryl .
also might be good to know the proper dosage for your doggie .
a non nuclear us first strike which will happen any day now following some dumbassed thing the norks do
yeah i primed black and brushed on retributor from the pot .
im a current player since it was released haha i played on the es .
condi soulbeast is just as viable in the open world as power soulbeast it 's just that it is one of the few builds i have n't got around to playing myself and did n't wish to put something up as usable if i had n't actually used even though it is only a case of swapping in one trait line .
the evade back on shortbow has certainly been a life saver at times .
i 'd like to know why this has any upvotes .
the extra step to the friends list for me is the worst update i remember in the 15 or so years of xbox live .
i think the next modern sonic game should just be 1:1 recreation of the mach speed segments from sonic '06 p s
i 'm sorry i could n't do more to help you . ''
there 's not much variation in this palette and the shades look more frosty than metallic .
and they 're all relatively light so i do n't think it 's woc friendly .
it 's gon na be a no from me .
i say trade down to a qb needy team .
maybe we can bamboozle a team like the rams did the redskins
it 's a principle designed to support individual free will .
it 's there dose n't require any additional work .
yeah that 's gon na be a bit more difficult without going the obamacare route unfortunately .
the old white tubs are their old formula which are now being replaced by the newer glissant formula .
the old ones were very good soaps just the new formulation is better .
what activity does n't go down in popularity once you reach 305 ?
i have mixed feelings about fans who either arrive late ir leave early or both .
but also this is la and yeah ... . traffic sucks .
the irony is that aj always bitches about the government poisoning our food and water .
it 's interesting the point he was making about class is pretty similar to the point that orwell made in the road to wigan pier .
none of my other games give me what i want so why should this one be any fucking different ?
the insanity is the government prohibition that facilitates that black market industry .
i had just about 100k on xbox and grabbed a douglas costa for 98 .
for now he also fits into my serie a bpl hybrid so i might keep him but given if he gets if his price will at least double ...
translink will have a big rfp going out in the next few months most likely about more articulated buses so there 's a huge opportunity for the city to advocate there .
cov will probably advocate during that and future processes .
i 've heard kevin desmond speak a few times and he 's indicated that translink is very bullish on evs for its fleet .
also the city of vancouver is part of something called the petroleum products buyers group which jointly purchases fuel for its own fairly large vehicle fleet .
remember all cities have parks departments bylaw officers police departments and other actors that they themselves have to provide vehicles for .
the city has a unique opportunity to spur innovation and show proof-of-concept operationally speaking they 'd never buy untested tech of this kind of equipment in the field for larger operators .
maybe i 'll take a peek since i 'm only about 5 of the most recent episodes in with the podcast .
but he does live here in the us so it 's sort of a 50/50 split of who gets credit imo !
of coarse it 's needed malcolm has fttp and a backup battery array and solar panels .
all things he has grandstanded as not viable options next to coal and copper .
the problem is that the knight probably only gets one shot .
dothraki are more mobile flexible resilient improvisational and better horsemen .
my money 1 on 1 is on the knight 10 on 10 my money 's definitely on the dothraki .
he was being fed it by his roommates as a form of rent .
seriously is god some sort of cover for them just to be total dicks ?
its like they never read their bibles just sit there and thump it all day .
that 's awesome i definitley need to keep an eye out for one of these .
no there are actually several competing ideas about the formation of the gospels but the most popular case i 'm led to believe is that luke and matthew both derive from not only mark but also another source called q '' .
john is less related than those 3 or 4 or more ... .
yes they 're written by people with an agenda ... that is clear as you say and nobody disputes this .
2 the epistles those that are n't forgeries never place jesus on earth .
i do n't see the problem here you take issue that paul never establishes that jesus was a breathing human because paul never gives out an address ?
you also mention in passing that the authorship of many epistles is in question which is correct .
that 's because historians have been taking a very close look at this book lately and are trying to parse out what happened from what the bible says happened not an easy task .
yes there is a lot of that in the bible .
sometimes the fictional nature is even preserved such as in job othertimes the fiction is unfortunately baked into the mind of the writer .
you 've thrown three spurious assertions at me uncited and in some cases irrelevant and now for your fourth you want to inform me about a reasonable time frame for when something should be written ?
i doubt rather strongly that you know a thing about it !
the idea that it makes more sense for a secret organization of cult leaders to invent a person complete with parents lineage and backstory to sell their agenda is a marvelous embellishment to an already unlikely story and to sell that you give me this ?
is there a lot of bull in the bible ?
i think it might have more to do with the culture and trying to find someone that fits in than anything else .
so glad to have a consistent team in this city .
sorry your submission has been automatically removed because your account is younger than a month .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/astoria if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're going to play against someone else who had one of those decks they can be great to learn the game .
passed that they 're not good enough to compete with any decent standard deck .
i wo n't argue that they do n't do good but the democrats are n't holding their own accountable .
the dems are pushing their pro war pro banker/bail out candidates to the front and then acting indignant when people grimace .
people want change and after sander 's loss it netted us that fake populist trump .
what 's the best way to clean your lens without scratching it ?
why on earth would we put down an otherwise healthy animal who still has excellent quality of life and a chance to go into remission ?
it sucks a bit financially and we should definitely have gotten insurance on the little booger but we are n't killing him just because he 's expensive now .
dude in front is rude af for not watching this legendary video
anyone else feel like she is just pushing to be popular and kinda does n't like that she has fallen for the ridiculously average clay .
look at the guys she dates or has somekind of romantic relationship with .
now lets look at how she treats people who objectify her
bryce sexually assaults her and rapes jessica in front of her .
oh i am going to go to his party to blow off steam .
tyler takes some creep pics of her what a creep there is no way i can be friends with this loser .
she pushes her mom away because she does n't know what it is like to be her ... because her mom was popular in high school .
when i rode a crappy 16g full suspension mtb i switched to an 11kg bike .
it felt like it was weightless fast as fuck .
the same 11kg bike would feel like a tank if i hopped off my current 6.5kg summer race bike and rode it .
a few grams here and there makes sod all difference in the grand scheme of things a lot of feel is based on perspective instead of absolutes .
shit you could probably maintain your muscle mass with like less than or around 2 hours of training a week unless you 're like an elite lifter .
comedies do n't upset me when they have questionable subject matter because that just means that they have bad jokes .
violent video games do n't turn people into murderers and bad jokes do n't damage society .
i know some people who are dead but i do n't talk about it to the next generation .
when i die the memory of those people will die too
he busted his ass in attempting to renounce his iranian citizenship which he could n't ultimately do thanks to iran 's austere laws .
but he 's fine because he went through the time to sastify the reasonable effort '' qualifier in s44 .
xenophon could have done the same and did n't .
add to that the fact that the vast majority of us will never ever collect enough stardust and candy and high iv mons to replicate the op 's experiment .
i do n't personally know anyone with a single legendary pokémon .
i 'll probably never own a second gyarados i finally got my first one two weeks ago .
i have a collection far better than the average player in my area but the heaviest urban players are the only ones who could ever be worried about which of my mewtwos is best .
use jumping attacks never try for more than 2 hits and always move left or right never front or back as he can shoot you .
i found having the highest bloodtinge defense useful to mitigate some damage from the gun and transformed chikage .
you can bait the hp loss when he 's transformed as that will help a bit .
arcane build trivializes the fight but i found using the cane in whip form to be the most useful weapon against him .
i struggled a lot with the last story but decided to submit anyway .
thank you though it really means a lot as i 'm always self conscious with writing stories in another language .
your submission has been automatically removed by automoderator because you have low comment karma .
r/newtubers wants you as an active contributor but right now your comment karma is too low !
we do n't allow users with less than 10 comment karma to post self-promotion threads so that you read through the newtubers rules https www.reddit.com/r/newtubers/comments/52atut/newtubers_rules_v21 and understand our subreddit etiquette .
try commenting in other threads talking with the community and giving some meaningful feedback first !
the more helpful you are to others the faster you 're allowed to post !
you may comment in feedback friday threads or any unofficial critique threads so long as you follow the specific rules for those threads i.e .
you must give feedback within that thread in order to post your own link .
you also are allowed to post your own link if somebody else asks you to in a thread .
check out our website fetch http www.veryfetch.net for up-to-date tutorials tools tips exclusive discounts and more !
if what you 're looking for is n't there suggest it to us !
want to meet befriend and possibly collaborate with other newtubers ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/newtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
i spent 450nrg on malboro for crap rewards and 10000nrg for sakurafubuki then genji blade came out a week later .
i expect more gameplay for upcoming games we already know about more than anything and maybe a couple of small announcements followed by a big announcement of some sort possibly hinting at revealing more at psx .
more monster hunter gameplay new ps4 pro bundles and either new or newly ported indie games coming to ps4 .
a more traditional scorer/playmaker like fultz just fits better though .
we need someone to get into the teeth of the defense and make a tough shot or hit a hesi jimbo and thats not lonzo .
ben can kind of do that but not the way that markelle can .
i really like lonzo though and also salavate at the thought of ben and lonzo running a break together though
it 's popularity has more to do with nostalgia than quality .
argh and i technically responded to king 's post 8 seconds sooner than you did too .
i really hated the bush legacy platform but i feel like if bush did have daddy to thank for the role and cheney to thank for control he could have made an ok president .
his decisions near the end of his second term were much much more reasonable when he was able to exert more personal control .
that being said his administration did irreparable damage to the country capitalizing on the fear of muslims like never before .
so the i in cao****i****mhin is there in order to reaffirm that the preceding ao vowel sound does not have an i sound thus the word is pronounced keevin rather than kyeevin ?
irish is literally worse than i had previously imagined it to be .
bans on foreign buyers on residential and farmland confirmed .
no it is n't the agreement contains no restrictions on foreign ownership at all .
it 's actually a lot weaker on this point than i thought it would be given labour and nz first both campaigned on the issue of foreign ownership .
haha so far there have been a lot of hours to count !
pro tip you can use potato starch to make a decent gelatin which could be used as a crude approximation of skin .
video showing the process ... semi-nsfw https youtu.be/st7vgsfxszm do n't think it 'd last too long tho .
probably not but it sounds like it 's just a visual glitch .
i wo n't affect gameplay but if it bothers you leave the park take the subway or switch to another neighborhood then come back to the original one with your friends .
alternatively you might be able to get rid of it if you just go in and out of your mycourt .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
he said he would be thin as a rail at that weight not that the guy in the picture is thin as a rail .
height makes a huge difference to how someone at a given weight looks .
150lb at 5'4 might be a little fat while 150lb at 6'3 would be skeletor status .
unless the dude is like 6'7 or some shit he should n't look thin as a rail '' at 180lb .
sun tsu was a big advocate of the effectiveness of cowardice in battle .
also can i suggest a super galaxy cosmo and bahamut combo
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/78dnsq/if_casinos_and_gambling_was_made_legal_but_the .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
where cocky athelites show us that pride cometh before the fall .
any sport or form of competion is welcome as long as it shows arrogant competitors making fools of themselves !
bot created by u​ el_loke feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=el_loke subject=trendingcommenterbot 20feedback
iirc they forgive even more if you go to a higher risk or bad '' school .
i do n't really remember how my mother described it
gru is actually still bugged but not as bad but you can use it and stay at 300 hp while moving fast .
the us government does n't recognize alcohol so much as a drug in most cases but its own thing same as tobacco .
when i suddenly quit my job and moved my 4 person family 2 dogs cat and 60 gallon fish tank out of our 4 bedroom house and into my father in laws 2 bedroom house in a new city expecting my mortgage application to iron itself out nicely so we can get our own place by the end of july.. definitely by the end of august ... couldnt possibly be longer than october ... ... ... ... .. november ?
thanks keep up the fluids and you will have a better time !
best in premier league is kevin debruyne de gea paul pogba harry kane eden hazard kante
is it possible to calculate how far that shoe flew based on the info available in this video ?
and quebec 's politicians are trying to pass a law that discriminates against religious minorities .
i only remember a faint memory of a man sitting in a cafe talking to a detective or police officer and telling him that a spirt killed the children he 's been accused of killing .
one quote that stuck with me is spirt told me where the body was '' .
i think the guy was a pedophile and killed kids then blamed it on a spirit .
mr satan has everyone convinced that he saved the world .
he 's got everyone thinking the z fighters are using cheap parlor tricks .
did everyone forget about the saiyan invasion being televised ?
there are clearly shots of them using ki blasts on tv .
even before that at the world martial arts tournament goku and piccolo were throwing energy at each other and destroyed the ring .
just seems like an alien invasion would be hard to forget .
i know this might be a stupid question but does this year 's roster updates include an overall changes or attribute changes to some of the players ?
for example giannis is balling out will he receive a buff to his rating ?
i wish we were able to set drop beacons to specified item drops .
imagine you are going to k'ril for lantadymes which are below your drop beacon threshold .
but when you set grimy lantadymes are a personalised drop beacon you will receive a beacon whenever you get that item as a drop regardless of value .
drop beacons are supposed to show you have gotten something valuable which will stay the same way .
you will just be able to set a number of custom beacon triggers .
as whatever item you are setting it as has more value than others for you at that particular point in time .
a guy from tinder sent me a dick pic so i sent a photo of my huge sex toy .
i think he got intimidated because he disappeared from the conversation ! !
so i bought tickets to the last screening of blade runner 2049 in imax at a regal theatre this thursday at 8:15 p.m .
the regal website showed it at this time and so did fandango which is how i bought my tickets .
but now i checked the regal website and its showing that the last showing of 2049 is at 3:00 pm with jigsaw ughh taking over the imax at 7 .
an hour before the movie i have tickets to is supposed to start .
fandango 's website still shows 2049 playing at 8:15 and there are no messages saying its been cancelled or anything .
i will give the theatre a call tomorrow but in the meantime im wondering if anyone has ran into a similar situation before ?
i 'm glad i caught this because its quite a drive to that specific theatre .
i wanted to know if anyone is a regular user/investor of bitcoin in india and what platforms you guys use to start buying and trading in bitcoin .
it 's a topic in which i 'm interested and was wondering if you guys had tips or advice on where a novice can start .
mainly wanted to get some r/india opinions on whether it 's an interesting investment at this time and what prospects you guys are seeing in the country .
i want to redirect all my traffic through a vpn also from my docker containers .
at first docker changed the iptables rules and ignored my ufw settings .
after doing a few things see below the docker container now does not have any connection at all .
i first disallow docker to change my iptables rules .
then i change my network variables to allow ip forwarding .
then i try to forward traffic so the docker container can connect to external servers .
sudo ufw allow out from any to x.x.x.x my vpn server ip
and what do i have to do if i want to connect to one of my docker containers e.g .
we just had a string of offensive/off-topic posts and our single mod u/vermilion has n't commented or posted in over a month .
i remember that he wanted to marry his childhood friend but the hero who defeated the demon king proposed to her first and in a heartbroken stupor he runs off onto an s-level monster-filled mountain and living and leveling there for two years until he was strong that he one-shotted the king of the dragons and all his minions .
plus his adventurers card kept showing the percentages of human that he no longer ?
i wan na bring this topic up because this is n't a vague issue this is n't something random and it affects americans from every single walk of life .
could we and would we start something to change the current state of mental health but especially suicide ?
60 of gun deaths are suicides and in 2016 an average of 20 vets committed suicide every day .
these are our americans and our families and our siblings .
everyone is affected m whether red or blue white or black .
also this would be a great redpill for the younger generation especially if we would be the group that finally changed this !
i watched a video of yours that said that dms steal from everything and you 're right if you bring in something nobody 's ever heard of you 're a genius but what do you think of players who are obviously playing 'other ' characters ?
you know someone brings in a blind warrior with a cane-sword or their barbarian or ranger is quite obviously the predator with the serial numbers filed off both are concepts that i 've looked at for d d many times .
is stuff like this acceptable around your table or is there ever a point where you just ca n't accept a table full of batmans and james bonds and inigo montoyas ?
i have a fairly good pair of speakers so i never really bothered with headphones .
threw them on this morning because i woke up super early and did n't want to disturb the husband ... .holy mother of god ... it 's incomparably different especially if you 're fond of stridor like i am .
also cousin vs dallas or watson vs seattle on the nod this week ppr
i really want to use the vss because how silent it is but it after 50 games i havent seen one .
a little while ago i noticed that this game would be great to do some color studies in my sketchbook .
if anyone has some screencaps with some nice scenery i would very much appreciate it !
it 'd be nice to have a nice variety of screencaps from different areas in the game .
my party and i have been adventuring through pota for roughly 11 months .
in that time we 've made it from level 1 to level 8 .
you guys helped me make my valor bard skald who from day one sought a glorious death that would be sung about for ages .
and as we closed out the session with misty eyes around the table it dawned on me ...
being that my bard filled that charisma slot of the team i feel like i need to make a warlock or paladin .
however in my experience we rarely had opportunities to actually talk our way out of things .
that makes me want to go full on martial with a battle master or champion .
but then i feel as though i 'm leaving a gaping hole in our casting and off healing needs .
i was wondering if anyone else had it to where their favorite champs were not in the roll they main .
my favorite champs by far are taric amd gp but i main jungle since it is by far my favorite roll .
or does this happen to a lot of other people also .
so on this most recent playthrough for me ive completely abandoned positive reputation .
got really tired of combatting the negatives i get for my mines so i just became a great big asshole .
this seems to have an unintentional positive side effect .
while the bandits are trash the brigands and bandit leaders are not .
they have bows sheilds spears and somehow swords as well .
i form a sheild wall and just march into arrow range and murder armies with them .
lannister scouts and freeriders seem to die before they can even reach my line and if i give the fall back order while the enemy is charging then their arrows wipe out the enemy army before they can close the gap .
they make up for being lightly armored by having shields and stupid high hp .
ive watched a lannister knight 1v1 a brigand and lose .
was fixing a ladys stove that lives in some rental property that i manage and i had known something was going on in that building for a while so i started telling her my girl has 4 bulging discs she does and how they wo n't give her shit for it but tramadol .
i finally just asked at the end if she knew of anyone that sold from their prescription .
after a slightly awkward pause she told me she dose n't even take her script of roxi 10 's and she just sells them for 10 a pop and she gets 90 a month .
i feel like an idiot for throwing my professionalism out the door but fuck it lol .
so i just formatted my hard drive and re-installed my drivers r9 fury and there are now 2 crimson settings icons in my system tray and 2 radeon settings host applications running in task manager .
i used the amd complete removal tool thing reinstalled and i get the same thing .
gpu drivers provide the version of drivers currently installed .
it 's been over a year since i finished my sniper zomba set .
noone wants to buy it or to offer on it .
no clue what to do feel free to offer something http imgur.com/a/imhqc
i 've done 15 wcs got loot on 13:15 them and i didnt get a single token ?
specifically child skips and skips that have been hurt in their past .
i have some events to trade and it 's been a while since i posted my spreadsheet even though it 's pretty bare so here it is !
the pichu is 100 not for common codes no matter what and i really like it but a good offer can take it away !
about a month ago my soon to be wife asked me to piece together my dream server with the catch that it had to be something somewhat reasonable .
i thought it was an odd request but i looked forward to being able to include her in the hobby in any way/shape/form .
anyways i spec 'd out one hell of a beasty server on orangecomputers and then i sat down with her the next day and gushed about all of it 's features .
i went over how i currently had a physical system and wished to virtualize everything explained the differences between physical and virtual machines .
i went on and on about all of the new things that would be possible if i had this server .
little did i know that she would end up buying the system for me as a wedding present ! !
i have my computer set to auto-login at boot and my instance of chrome stays logged in as me .
so she turned on my computer and went into my email and forwarded the orangecomputers quote to herself then deleted the evidence ... then she bought it for me and surprised me with it the day before our wedding !
i have these setup in raid1 via the perc h710 and am using these as datastores .
the plan is to put the primary vm 's on flash storage and the test vm 's on spinning disk .
plus the extra space will allow me to store backups if i need .
next i ended up converting my norco rpc 4224 into a das by using an intel sas expander a sas external internal adapter and a 24-pin psu bridge .
eventually i hope to virtualize my router so i can get rid of the 1u supermicro server that screams like a banshee ... but i 'm not there yet .
this is our fourth week trying this new thread .
if you guys like it after a few rounds we 'll keep it and if not it 'll go !
a complete list of our recurring threads can be found in the sidebar .
tell us what 's on your wish list and why .
tell us what you 're not gon na buy ... and why .
ask for a tmo/tmi talk me out/talk me into things on your wish list if you need some outside opinions .
be sure to give us reference information to help us help you !
request opinions reviews swatches on wish list items to help you do your research .
i am the one who made this solaire jojo pose while ago https pcecileart.deviantart.com/art/solaire-jojo-pose-686612613
and i have recently made this tarkus one https pcecileart.deviantart.com/art/tarkus-jojo-pose-711585455
also i am actually doing inktober and all my drawings are dark souls related i will make a post when they 're all done but you can see the result so far here https imgur.com/a/2eb2r
so my d d 5e group is about to enter a small forest that is haunted by a green hag .
i 've read volo 's guide and really want to bring up the illusion aspect of the hag in this forest .
but i 'm kinda stumped on which scenes/challenges to use in this ... dungeon '' .
so i 'd really appreciate any help or inspiration you guys might provide me !
the main idea for now is to do something akin that hobbit desolation of smaug scene where the dwarves enter mirkwood and start walking in circles losing their path become drowzy etc .
since i already played up how the forest works more or less one npc warned them that you ca n't trust your eyes in those woods '' i 've decided to use a bunch of scenes with several optical illusions each that lead the characters randomly from one scene to the next never reaching an exit .
the trick will be that some specific scenes will have non-optical clues smells noises maybe warmth ?
so the way i see it right now i need several scenes that can be repeated without becoming less interesting that are n't permanently solvable '' so that i may stitch a track of sensory clues trough them .
any time the players follow something they see they end up in a random scene/location and can not advance through this dungeon '' .
when they follow other senses they are on the right track .
so i 'd really appreciate any input/ideas you can give me for inspiration .
maybe suggesting scenes or threats maybe suggesting clues that they can follow maybe suggesting tips i can use to nudge them in the right direction if they become too lost or maybe dissuading me of this idea with something else entirely .
just for sake of completeness of information they are 4 players of 4th level a halfling rogue arcane trickster a half-elf paladin/sorcerer a genasi fighter arcane archer and a half-elf fighter/barbarian .
i was living in germany with my now ex boyfriend and i had to do 3 presentations a day for my job .
one in the morning one in the afternoon and one in the evening every day for two weeks it was a sort of punishment from my job .
i 'm the type of person who gets out of bed once my alarm goes off because i hate the sound of it going off .
so we woke up one morning at 0430 for the presentation and got ready to leave which only took about 10 minutes .
we got in the car and drove down the street for about two minutes when he looked at the clock and its was already almost 0700 .
we checked our phones to see if it was the wrong time on the cars clock and even checked to see if there was a daylight savings time but there was nothing .
we were both so sketched out about it and to this day never figured out where the heck that time went .
traveling during the summer and christmas is freaking stressful .
it 's always crowded and the flights are more likely to be late or cancelled and you are more likely to get a crappy seat .
does anyone know any dog friendly pubs in liverpool especially allerton/childwall/woolton ?
looking for somewhere we can go as a family the dog 's part of the family now !
then why are n't they taking any african students ?
never had him before but i like his steals .
in the capital building when joel says it 's over tess '' did he break up with her ?
were they actually together because i never got that feeling between them .
they really only seemed like close friends or even siblings .
i had a girlfriend once who broke up with me like that so i was just wondering .
starting weight 120kg though i 'm sure i was 125kg before tracking
goal weight 75kg before my 40th at the end of february eventual goal weight tbd
so i 'm one year in and loving my new lifestyle .
i 'm genuinely one of those if i can lose weight you definitely can people because i did n't think i 'd ever be as far along as i am and i 'm not done yet .
it started with going to a local gym with my folks about 13 months ago and then i discovered this awesome place .
i took in loads of into cico mfp and most importantly other people 's stories .
i 've worked out more than i 've ever done .
i 'm no longer at the gym i moved countries but i run up and down own stairwell .
in fact i 'll be doing 60 floors after i 've posted this .
i recently completely the couch to 5k challenge and did not think that 's something i 'd ever be able to say or write !
i still eat and drink crap and go over my daily goal but i do n't beat myself up about it and i do n't binge eat anymore .
i look at a bar of chocolate and decide it 's not worth it now though i will have a strip of it now and then !
i 've had to buy a whole new wardrobe and am now too small for some of those too .
i just wanted to thank you all for being part of the inspiration behind my route to a healthier lifestyle !
tldr i 'm one year into a healthier lifestyle and just wanted to thank this inspiring fantastic place !
our arcade mobile game is almost ready and i 'm thinking about release it in some small coutries first .
i know how to set my game to be avaiable in certain country but what i do not know is how search engines work and push your app by country..
it gets 2k downloads and reach 30th position in some category .
after 2 weeks you do not get any more downloads and stay on same place in store .
you wo n't not get to new popular '' as your launch was failed and some weeks passed .
i set my game to be avaiable there update it .
searh engines push my game to the 'top new ' in usa but in canada my app stay on same place cause there are no more downloads .
search engine do not push my game to 'top new ' in usa just because my game was available for more than a month no matter where .
first 2 weeks already passed and there are no way to get to the tops anyhere .
so the question is how 'new popular ' and other categories work .
does they count total downloads total availability time and global rating or they count from release in certain country ?
what i want is to release in some small country gather some downloads ratings reviews bug reports and stuff than update it and make my app to be available in another bigger country .
but i do not know will store count my country release as fresh start in this country or it will count my previus statistics ?
because my app may fail in one country and succeed in another and i want to get to the tops especially topnew there .
for the past day and a half i have been having issues with my character not moving when i move .
it 's like the gps is not reading at all .
i have turned the game off and on turned phone off turned location off data off with no avail !
never had this issue before and using an iphone .
i will be coming to london for a couple of days and wanted to buy an iphone in-store since i need a vat refund form with it and online purchases do n't count .
the apple store is online only for the iphone x so is there any other retailers which we can reserve online and pick up and pay i store ?
i asked carphone warehouse but they do n't do in-store for the iphone x .
i sold off all my amd stocks and have just about 5k now i was considering just buying back when it hits lower but i looking for some great value stocks because of todays dip as well .
it seems like drive belts ought to be safer than hub motors but most of the broken axles appear at least anecdotally maybe selection bias from boards with drive belts .
i 'm scared to death of a broken axle are there any manufacturers producing electric skateboards with significantly beefed up axels or would this only be possible as a diy project ?
i think an electric skateboard used for commuting over typical city streets needs to be much more robust than a normal longboard .
for example if i have a g major chord in a song that 's in the key of c should i only sing the g b and d notes while the g chord is being played ?
hello hello i am having a dilemma regarding whether i should take sql and python together next semester .
i feel like there 's a lot of cs people on reddit so i was wondering if any of you guys who have experience can help me make the decision .
i personally want to take both at the same time because a lot of jobs/industries i 've been looking at states that i need to know sql or python .
i asked advice from my cs friends i am an info sys major about what i should do and i am getting mixed answers .
some people tell me that i should n't do that bc i just learned my first coding language vba and i am not particularly good at it/lowkey lost bc it was a totally new concept for me .
some are telling me it 's doable especially if i am only taking 12 credits next semester .
i was thinking about learning sql and python over the winter but i am still not sure if i am being too ambitious .
i 've had anxiety for basically my whole life .
recently after my therapist diagnosed me with gad i came across a few articles online about st. john 's wart and read many success stories about people who achieved major anxiety reductions from taking it .
after reading those testimonies i gave it a shot and bought nature 's bounty 300mg capsules .
i have been taking 900mg daily for about a month and have seen no changes in mood or decrease in anxiety levels .
i 'm wondering if the vendor does n't use potent st. john 's wart or if it just does n't work for me .
if that 's the case i 'd appreciate it if anyone could recommend some otc or holistic anxiety reducers that have worked for them .
when i press u to bring up the roster page the right side clan '' one is always empty .
when i go to my character menu and go to the clan page there the roster page just has a spinning icon but no names ever appear .
the paris-based cryptocurrency hardware wallet manufacturing company ledger has announced a recent partnership with the giant multinational technology firm intel .
the joint initiative aims to tether ledger 's unique operating system ‘bolos ' and intel 's ‘software extension guard ' sgx .
the hardware wallet startup ledger is continuing to expand its company goals as the startup just revealed its partnership with california-based tech corporation intel .
the intel sgx solution plans to create a secure area called the sgx enclave for private keys tied to digital assets .
essentially this means the data will be stored within the enclave as opposed to applications and the goal aims to curb a variety of software attacks .
we have seen an increasing demand from the market for security solutions to manage crypto assets over the past couple of years explains the ceo at ledger eric larchevêque .
following the launch of a line of hardware wallets based on our operating system integrated into a secure chip working with a leading player like intel is a unique opportunity to keep providing our growing client base with innovative solutions for cryptocurrency and blockchain applications .
3. what kind of strange thought are you dwelling on today ?
4. would you like to meet more people or spend more time alone ?
i ca n't seem to find any of them around .
i 'm recruit happy lol should i be killing them instead ?
i do n't want crates unless they 're nitro/pcc/cc4/acc .
do n't be offended if i do n't like your offer .
i am very attached to some of this and it 's only on here incase i get a crazy offer .
i prefer for you to offer in the comments rather than through a pm thanks !
just because an item is on my wishlist does n't mean i 'm going to overpay like crazy for it so please be reasonable .
i have no desire to break these down into less desirable items i want to build them up .
what are some common pest species unique to your world ?
how can i get rid of them if they invade my household ?
are they potentially dangerous or just annoying to deal with ?
i had an idea that 's been stirring around in my head for a while and i 'd love to play it out with someone .
the basic gist is it 's been only a few months since the economy collapsed but this is the fastest that anyone has seen a government recovery project take off .
in order to cut back on frivolous spending and raise capital to pay back the nation 's staggering debt the hall of fallen stars was created .
every celebrity big or small was rounded up and taken to the immense manor .
from there people could pay to come in and play to their heart 's content living out all the fantasies they had only ever dreamed about .
some of the celebs loved it throwing themselves into their new work .
others despised the way their freedom and dignity had been stolen and fought tooth and nail against those who came to use them .
but no matter how hard they fought the customer always ends up getting what they want ...
so if anybody is interested in playing in this scenario feel free to hit me up !
i 'm open to discussing all kinds of ideas and kinks so do n't be afraid to get pretty crazy !
unfortunately we did n't manage to get a photo but we saw a very small dove in jaipur that we 've been unable to identify .
the little guy was sitting on a telephone wire near two laughing doves and was much smaller than the laughing doves and lacked the spots on the neck .
it was all over a grey colour similar to the eurasian collared dove but obviously much too small .
two of us got a really good look at the little bird and it also did not have any kind neck stripe/collar and no reddish hue which rules out the red collared dove aka red turtle dove which is the only one in the guide book that would be smaller than the laughing dove .
then the bird moved to a small tree where it perched near two common myna and it was even smaller than the mynas .
we went back to the area the next two days with camera and binoculars hoping to get a better look but never saw it again .
what we are 100 sure about very small a little smaller than common myna and much smaller than laughing dove and no neck ring .
we are 80 sure because it was dusk not the best light it was basically pale grey not reddish or patterned on the back .
we ca n't find anything close in the book .
and yet k breaks the guy 's back in the scrapyard scene right after his crash .
a couple of friends told me they found that scene exaggerated and unfitting like the breaking-through-the-wall scene .
from my first to my fifth viewing i just felt like these were very powerful reminders of what still distinguishes replicants from humans and that if it was n't for their supposedly safe conditioning the humans would have a real problem if the replicants turned against them .
i think these scenes worked so well for me exactly because they seemed so out of place the sudden excessive show of strength more worthy of an action movie .
i do have difficulties however to accept he just kills hat guy after what he said to joshi earlier .
i try to justify that with his quick reactions in general .
that 's what i love so much about gosling 's performance in that movie .
without saying anything his face displays a ton of emotions while his body is so quick to react to strike and to kill sapper wallace 's redshirts in vegas etc. .
it constantly seems like he 's not okay with what he 's doing if you really asked him yet he 's trained/conditioned/genetically engineered to do otherwise .
but that only works if the guy in the scrapyard would have posed a real threat he needed to completely eliminate .
but that guy only has an iron rod or something .
he shoots at the others but we never really see if he kills them i doubt that .
so i 'd like to have a plausible answer for that as i just ca n't believe they would make such a crucial mistake .
but all i can think of is that the necessity was there and he reacted to it much like he would have probably just killed the child on joshi 's orders if it had n't been for his memory .
unless that guy was a replicant but i doubt that and how would k have known ?
okay was n't really sure where to ask this are there any active smt or persona forums online ?
i do n't mean like r/megaten or r/persona not reddit .
i mean good old fashioned forums with topic areas and stuff ?
i miss using stuff like that for other things i 'd love to find one .
also if there is n't one how much interest would there be in one being set up ?
guy from the post praising the stardew valley team concernedape for making a game i can play with my seemingly well acclimated video gaming girlfriend here .
as the title implies have i messed up royally and can i recover ?
so as a little background i bought the game for the switch the day it came out and have logged a few hours into it reaching winter year 1 with what i thought was a promising future i 've got my big coop and my dino egg in incubation i 've got my barn with my two precious cows producing quality milk i 've got several bundles completed in the community center only one fully complete ... the minecarts i 've been slowly wooing abigail to 5 hearts ... missing her birthday in the process ... . got to level 85 in the mines and have upgraded my axe to steel and my pickaxe to copper .
i definitely thought i was well ahead of my precious girlfriend and much better off .
i found out later that i was wrong and she had money to throw !
there she is making 4000 on an off day in comparison to my measly 2500 on a good day with about 40,000 to spare and many a dudes with 6 hearts !
she 's also got so many crops planted with quality sprinklers and so many animals that i do not know how she does it !
in addition to this she 's bought the third house upgrade and gotten to much higher levels statswise than i have .
i asked her how she did it and she starts mentioning things like pay attention to your tv go to the travelling merchant buy seeds from pierre get a cheese press get more animals '' and here i am sitting there like umm ... yeah ...
i have n't actually been buying seeds or visiting that guy or watching tv '' .
so the question i pose is having reached winter year 1 so far behind my girlfriend and seemingly the stardew community from what i can read is it possible to recover moving forward onto year 2 ?
in addition if anyone has any advice on what to prioritize it would be great .
i 've been reading the beginner posts and they 're quality but i 'm not sure it works for my situation .
played through d1 and never raided nor did a nightfall mostly because i started around year 1.5 and with the expansions had plenty to do until just before the end of d1 's run .
still managed to grind it out to 400 thank the traveler for archon 's forge .
been playing d2 since launch and want to give the nightfall a go preferably tonight around 8 or friday night around 8 .
i know there 's the guided games option '' but thought this might be a better bet .
do n't have a headset but take instructions well .
i 'm looking to start my first indoor grow in the coming months im not new to growing ive done outdoor before .
i have 7 autoflower seeds left and i 'm trying to grow then all at once .
i found a good deal for a 4'x2'x5 ' grow tent for 60 on groupon would that be enough room for 7 ?
i was thinking about purchasing a pen and was wondering if anyone had some brand suggestions .
nothing too expensive but i 'm willing to pay extra for one that will last
interesting article by paul joyce on the failings of koemans reign .
anyone have an account fancy posting would be greatly appreciated !
i killed 7 devastating creatures of zaros all named nex .
i 'm in the academy currently graduating december 15 and on with a department when i get out .
they have us purchase our own duty weapon and i 'm curious if i can get some insight into what caliber you all prefer .
we have the choice of purchasing a glock or smith wesson m p in either 9mm or .45 acp .
i 've trained with a glock 17 but that 's about it .
i 'm leaning towards a glock 21 but would like to hear opinions .
i think i will go with the glock 17 .
i 'm already a proficient shooter with it and the arguments for 9mm over .45 have been compelling .
edit 2 i never cease to be amazed with this community .
thank you everyone for all the help you have provided !
i did n't expect anywhere near this much input .
you generally need the game to use a season pass..
be prepare for the cement me ploz '' in every game and another level of bot exploit .
the game does n't seem that malicious in comparison to a number of other mobile titles out there i have n't felt pressured to buy anything at all and i 've been playing since vooks announced it was available .
also i highly doubt we 'll see this kind of model in an animal crossing switch game .
that would be like saying the next fire emblem switch game is going to be a gacha game .
oh yeah definitely it happens the love thing was more of persistent pattern of going to love early in a game it works great then going away from it .
in that 34 in the 1st game love had a chance to break klay 's record and kyrie was taking contested pull up jumpers and stuff with him open .
most people who do bad things are n't bad people 100 of the time but they can still commit gruesome acts .
the stereotyping of bad people as social misfits makes it easier for the actual bad people to commit to being bad because no one sees them as bad and they are n't treated as such even after it comes to light .
what 's your perspective on the current political climate regarding harassment and rape of women ?
i think that 's a very big question that ca n't be tackled as one whole thing .
i mean the culture of harassing people is a thing in power structured environments hollywood being a massive one of those .
but also in society in general and that falls a lot on women as the bearer of that harassment and men as the perpetrator but there 's a thousand shades of grey in between .
i think we need to get consent lessons into school i think men need to be more active in breaking down toxic masculinity and i think women need to be more active in breaking down feminine politeness culture .
all of these things will have cultural backlash and downsides to them .
it 's a complicated structure to dismantle and has very little to do with the current political climate other than having a light shone on it that will soon enough move on and we 'll still have these issues .
so the vote 's only after we left thus rendering it basically pointless ?
man if you believe in giannis you should also believe in polytheism
multiclassing into rogue nets you light armour thieves tools and one of the rogue class skills of your choice .
for some reason it does n't give you access to rogue weapons so you 'll still stuck with simple weapons .
dagger is the only melee weapon to accept sneak attacks or any of the simple ranged weapons unless you took pact of the blade in which case you 're proficient in whatever you manifest rapier for melee sneak attack usually .
personally i think enhanced 100 evade soleil with titan provoke would be a better use of the slot but that 's just me .
just make sure to also have an aoe tank for the every turn swipe unless you can survive it no problem .
wow dude you really do n't understand how the world works .
i grew up poor worked my way up so now i have a job that pays well .
on my way up i seen many others who were far more talented and harder working than i am fail .
also at the same time i seen many that lack any skill were lazy but they succeeded simply because they were born into money and knew the right people .
i know this is all annecdotal but many others have similar experiences as i do .
wow you must be an inteligent and very well-adjusted individual
based on the average wage in australia in 2017 it would take 3 weeks to pay over 900 tax not including the additional 10 gst on everything you buy with your taxed income .
when you work 40 hours a week and pay that sort of tax you keep an eye on this sort of shit and how freely your tax is spent on things that do n't benefit you .
well im not really a fan of doc either to be honest .
but at least the doc is very obvious a character while ninja pretends that his over the top attitude is normal .
might be normal if you are on adderall or something maybe
oh that 's true i did n't notice that until now .
do you have any oil cleansers you would recommend ?
i think he means for the declarations and comments like here https mickaelistria.files.wordpress.com/2016/09/ex3.png but any self respecting programmer should use some type of code formatter you are not getting paid for clicking spaces .
sounds like an onion article heroin user happier and healthier after deciding to stop hiding her use stay high all day and quit seeing doctors .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
she was only strong '' because other midlaners were shit and gunblade now gunblade is shit on her and other midlaners are strong and she 's shit gameplay wise .
i work in sport mate at the time i was doing some work at west .
i think he means that the threshold of reasonable suspicion is met if you enter a building and find people in there who have no right to be of dubious purpose .
it requires further investigation at the very least and you could arrest for burglary if other conditions apply .
harris scents but it 's still a nice classic shave .
also had the highest winrate over season six without anyone complaining or noticing .
your school is exactly the type of environment i will benefit from and to which i can contribute .
left and right alike confuse right wing with capitalism .
not that you want 4k gaming yet it 's not worth the price
then they insulted ryan and he just stopped caring and then started being a dick .
i 've done nearly 100 piles and gotten 4 tokens .
means we got ta almost solely rely on event chest which means spending gold .
i hate these kind of replies ... where did this come from ?
is n't cambridge the same university were you do n't need to be able to write anymore ?
i like blackpearlsoapstone.com although it looks like they 've moved that dedicated domain to their parent company website now .
what did you pay for him if you do n't mind me asking ?
electronic bill system ebs is a new hybrid crowdinvesting platform it incorporates both online and offline services in order to provide for and support fiscal relations between businesses and investors .
the ebs platform will host various startups and projects that aim to expand their businesses .
projects will be selected after a due diligence which will allow us to host only the most promising ones .
ebs is offering guarantee obligations for the investor in the form of promissory notes .
payouts will be made according to the terms set forth in these notes and in compliance with the company 's financial policy .
and even though most regulations regarding promissory notes have been created in the beginning of the 20th century they are still recognized by many countries .
ebs is conducting an ico in order to be able to develop its multifunctional system based on the working prototype .
we are also planning to open a network of international representative offices .
the goal of the company is to raise € 20,000,000 and open offices in different countries around the world build promissory note issuing machines and develop the two main components of the system the broker 's board and the exchange where internal tokens will be converted into fiat currencies .
your submission has been automatically removed for not including a valid category/subcategory tag .
tags are essential to an optimal browsing experience for our users .
since your post was removed automatically you are free to resubmit it with an appropriate tag .
you can find the tagging guide here r/dc_cinematic/wiki/linkflair wiki_automated_tagging .
add a valid and appropriate tag in your submission title .
choose wisely as posts with misleading tags are subject to removal .
message the moderators if your post was removed despite being tagged with an input from the category list .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dc_cinematic if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe these are all stupid harmful assumptions people should stop making .
it helps to get things done faster because again they do have basis in reality .
not to mention that wanting to get rid of preconceptions altogether is completely unrealistic .
nice i payed 3 but the guy was very dumb
my parents put a small amount of money into the share market using a listed investment company afi and term deposits .
it was under their name until my sister and i turned 18 but we were able to track its growth on spreadsheets whilst growing up .
many years later i have a strong knowledge of investments .
the money did n't change my life but the knowledge definitely has .
indeed it 's right to say that benn was an elitist with love only for himself .
to be fair he loved his family too handing out private education his peerage and dodging inheritance tax to pass on his wealth .
not so sure gina miller is a socialist so much though .
sales i would n't even be able to sell a guide dog to a blind person .
if a diamond iii playing with a diamond i-ii against diamond iis is boosting then i 'm confused about what boosting means .
ps also the two games we lost were against a diamond iii and an unranked whose score was over 1000 so probably a champ the first time and two diamond iis the second time
for me it was juggling the chest the cannonballs and whatever briney is using at the time .
i did n't know what to expect with the ship so both attacks got me at first .
it 's not power it 's just evasive maneuvers most of them .
yes but there 's doing it in a pleasant manner
the presenter should n't ask a question if he cuts off the guy answering within 5 seconds
i do n't want a specific chroma but i would also hate people that are asking to swap the current default version with the twisted treeline blue one .
and then there 's people who climbed solo that maybe do n't like the white one or the people who need to get 50 victories in their region because x mode is not there .
i mean we should take care of all people .
most of these games take place when i 'm working so i do n't get to see much .
i feel like every time i come here for highlights its this motherfucker hitting a home run .
bungie should n't really have anything to do with the refund assuming the transaction is through the blizzard app .
if you buy something from let 's say walmart and you want to return it you just go to walmart and return it .
it does n't matter what the company that produced it says walmart is the place you bought it from so their return policy is what matters .
they pay you instead of the other way around ... you get free education healthcare meals clothes and housing .
my best loadout was super craig captain diabetes and mysterion .
my character took the role of support dishing out status effects and buffing my team with chakra cleanse .
also i ‘loved ' how they added in the weed ..
love the second flair but come on you ca n't play that kinda trash talk considering your first flair .
my old elementary school replaced the metal/wood structure with a fancy new colourful plastic one because they were saying plastic was safer .
turned out the plastic was more slippery especially with how much it rains here and injuries went way up .
the cringey flag dancers for the equally cringey antifa song just ... .
not to mention i was a bit miffed that some of the footage they used was the same from when i saw them tour on the rio grande blood album 10 years ago .
well wahts x to da powah of n times x to dah powah of m equals tuuuuuuuuuuuu xd
if quality is a part of standard and by ur admission it 's different then it definitely is n't on par .
also your own example suggests that the highways should follow the beaurau of indian standards .
so you still have to establish that the indian standards are actually at par with international standards .
but am pretty sure your initial claims were made using your posterior as opposed to research and now you are doing a lazy job of digging up some supporting evidence to win an argument on the internet .
i would advice you to spend days comparing and contrasting indian road standards with the international ones and then documenting which of the new highways actually implement the standards they set out to implement and shut the hell out of me .
or you can just accept that you made a claim which was n't even ‘half-right ' and move on with life and possibly have kids and a bright future !
yes it 's been well-rumoured and known that china possibly compromised australian f-35 information .
the article you linked is quite old in reference to the latest information .
the last i heard they only were able to access a specific schematic of the f-35 that related to two different design systems .
you do n't have to play through park the bus in the box and shooting is n't really nerfed .
just play patiently on the edge of their box .
does n't help if you 're playing a narrow formation too which you no doubt probably are .
i thought it was pegi in europe ruining it but turns out it 's usa lol
it would n't of happened because vet queue would n't exist .
vertical progression in d2 is kind of weak but it is pretty much the same genre .
he sighs and chuckles then sits down why are you up this late ? ''
dozens of uploads of big accounts on insta etc its a meme at this point
yeah because a diana can kill a champion tanks included in their own fountain with one q .
other just started and actually need a carry unit for trials to get some rewards and making my seph op ...
i need to take baby steps and see my growth and progress through life as something linear but atm it 's just a spiral and a mess .
i just get stuck in this thought loop of not settling for crap but i need to crawl before you can run
i dunno man europe 's got some pretty good infrastructure but i 'm not sure it 's better when you consider the national highway system and the collective state highway system ...
between those three levels of highways you can reach almost any point in the country in a decent level of safety and speed .
though i am biased though i know also me about the european highways i do n't know as much as i do about the american system
huh i 'm surprised i 've never heard it used that way before if it is common as you say
those two impressed me a lot along with durkin who 's a quality ball playing defensive mid after blanco he was arguably the best 6 at the competition
yeah kinda i am getting only 5km eggs for like weeks now and 10 and 2 km are something rare for me ... . at least i get good stuff from them but still i whant some 10 km
so you have n't been specific ... ..whats the advantage to putting btc on gemini vs. whats the disadvantage of owning my private keys and waiting ?
you guys have completely lost your sense of humor lol .
well since you want to watch good rp may i suggest the finest skyrim rp'er i know .
it 's not requiem but in this context it really does n't matter .
the recently started new series of leon 's tale by rycon
let 's roleplay the elder scrolls v skyrim leon 's tale '' season four http www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=plxiq9fpv90xnjvgmj_hsrphsjnh7frv5w
ah you 're right in fairness only threw him in because i 'm a big meathead fan dudes hilarious
the dead poets society is still one of my favorite movies but neil totally overreacted by offing himself .
i mean jesus dude first of all it 's not like being a doctor is this horrific humiliating fate .
plus just placate your asshole dad for just a few more years and you 're golden .
they can release glitch fixes outside scheduled client updates .
they released one to fix screen size issues on some phones for example .
... and this is where seaaaahan sells his ass crop that is n't suitable for market or excess to raise young dick head cubs to grow into a full and healthy a-rage .
decide which side of digital marketing you want to be on ad tech or media publishers .
while they 're all on the spectrum of digital marketing different skill sets are required sales versus analytics or strive to understand both .
this fall back with machine gunner means you get to swap weapons in zed time for extensions bit you also shoot fast enough to be more consistent and do more interesting things like shoot at a scrake then a clot back to the scrake another clot and so on .
if you could n't shoot in real time things like this would n't be possible .
fall back is really strong just for the swap speed let alone the extra pistol/knife damage i do n't see why you would want more stumble power unless you were n't taking the medic ar which carry 's over 400rounds combined with the scar or even ak12 gives you plenty of ammo for 6p hoe which means you can take tenacious which makes you more durable .
it absolutely 100 undeniably is an immature way to express the fact that you are upset to go and break other people 's things .
looks to be into the winter combined with the stained water would tell me to slow down my approach .
black blue jig to start and a black blue laminated or junebug senko as a secondary .
slow rolling a spinner or chatter bait might be an option if the fish are more active .
he 's been assisting in the making of the anime procrastinating on splatoon 2 and twitter .
complete a mission with the laso legendary all skulls on playlist skulls enabled .
was only able to do it co-op solo is impossible .
did the first mission of halo 3 took 3 hours
and then the first mission of halo 1 which was a lot easier but still extremely difficult .
maybe one day i 'll give the entire playlist a go .
and what if 99 of the nodes were consolidated into a single location run by a single entity and they decided to divert to a different chain that were incompatible with all the miners ?
this simply would never happen so why even bring it up ?
you 're trying to construct absurd arguments and then try to defeat said argument .
or worse the ones who think it 's an alternative to washing
i do n't think you know what the equals sign means .
those groups may be linked but they do n't equal each other and they are n't the same thing .
thanks for the reply ill check today in the bios .
im wondering why the default setting should not be pwm
the first question mark armhole whole length measurement if you put the ruler around
those two terms seem like pretty much the same thing to me lol unless someone who knows tailoring can clarify ?
are those chimney stacks from the district heating system or coal stations ?
if it 's coal then i 'd hate to be living there .
they sure can be better in certain aspects like be more efficient but at the expense of decentralisaiton .
as this is not what bitcoin is about it is about decentralisation and having no middle man at all any centralisation for bitcoin is not good .
these core assholes and their shills tone is one of their most vocal advocate in youtube are complete sellouts ...
i so despise these people ... they have such a rotten personality .
ps tone is no expert at all ... he knows bit of trading as he comes from wall street if he is to be trusted on this in the first place and if true only works against his credibility when it comes to being a good person honest etc as no honest people go into wall street to earn a living and he does n't actually know anything technical about bitcoin or even what the bitcoin principles are .
so tone fails in every aspect ... as a person as someone you should not listen to as he is just a sales person for core .
why didnt you include communist party of turkey tkp ?
oder man macht es einfach wie vor 10 jahren als man noch onlineaktivismus betrieben hat weil man an die sache glaubt und nicht für werbeeinnahmen in der empörungsindustrie
ebt is likely a mod 's probably jr alt and they use discord to laugh and direct threads to be made when they act like retards .
chaos gods are nothing but very powerful warp entities .
because warp is a metaphysical reflection of the physical world they just happen to reflect some forces of nature aspects of psychology .
and now that the rules are out this opens the way for all kinds of cool bonesinger conversions .
i 'm curious to see what people might come up with !
do n't spoil the movie for me have n't seen it yet literally no cinemas in the country where i currently live
they should change the day that boss arenas are on to sunday or saturday to be honest .
most folk 'll never lose a toe but then again some folk 'll
its so amazing to see camila be herself and make music and videos that are true to her personality her heritage and her passions .
the whole over-sexualized manufactured mindless shallow pop act got old a longgg time ago ... good for her for leaving 5h .
colors fashion designing institute in chennai aims in making a creative unique career path for ladies .
fashion is everywhere around us and this is an evergreen industry .
kendrick was fucking wild i can die happy now that i 've seen that man perform money trees .
did n't your mother ever teach you to say may i ''
delita is definitely a murderous scumbag but i do n't see how the war can be blamed on him .
if he did n't do it the church would have just sent a different assassin
damn ... well i guess i 'll have to wait for pubg themselves to do it .
this might be the wrong subreddit/thread to ask this in but what kind of person is caren hortensia ?
omg you actually traveled to scranton which is filled with a bunch of arrogant pretentious rich trust fund baby white fuckboys .
boring as hell confederate flag waving racist fuckboys ... . trust fund babies .
all of pennsylvania besides philly is like that but believe they 're better than everyone else and try and act tough and say they 're from the hood when they 're fucking rich and never worked a single day in their life .
and are just fuckboys who act like they 're tough and badasses but are extremely thin skinned .
i hope you slit someone 's throat that lives there .
this halloween makeup look has always bugged me because it is never executed properly .
no one wants to buy what might be needed to make it good black liquid liner bright coloured eyeshadows good brushes to do the dots a wig so you have the right hair colour people dont understand that its supposed to be applied to all exposed skin neck and shoulders and they usually dont bother to look at actual comic book drawings to see how to wing the eyeliner and to understand that they shouldnt do a buffed out eyeshadow look unless its a bright colour like electric blue .
i get not wanting to pursue legal action but yeah if you could just find out the truth for your own wellbeing and your wife 's that would be good .
i got 6 golds on my first multi ... 4 of which were fakes lol .
on the plus side i did pull two extra madaras .
if you think i 'm going to spend more than 10 euro on a fabric that exclusively keeps my hole from touching my pants you must be out of your mind .
also it 's like 7 quid for 5 pairs 14 quid does the job for a while its class .
rick said at some point if you fix the windows in a bad area then you fix society .
i like to think he did the opposite to send a message .
hard to say the examples you gave are ones that require a lot of skill .
it certainly is possible that lebron could have developed into a qb or a pitcher if had grown up doing it ... although i would probably choose a different position for him to take advantage of his insane athleticism ... like center field or defensive end hell lebron could probably play halfback .
yes i 've watched it yes i 've played it .
try this post http eskonr.com/2017/03/sccm-configmgr-report-for-local-admins-and-local-group-members you have working cab file uploaded .
but it 's gon na cost him like 20 of the amount loaned .
frey needs uw for the rune slots but laias can function without uw .
of course laias with and without uw is a big difference at t5 .
also dont use either roi or mitra for story .
last week i made a bet with u/booletj that the eagles kicker would score more points than the skins kicker .
thanks for being a good sport about it booletj twas a fun game .
this week i 'd like to reach out to 49ers fans !
i know many of you will be shying away from bets so i 'd like to make a unique bet .
i bet that jake elliott goat kicker of the eagles will score more points than cj beathard .
for example if beathard scores one touchdown elliott would have to kick 2 fgs and an extra point edit i am an idiot in order to make up the difference .
one time we knew mira was in there and we threw 6 frags in buck sledge and iq .
huh they totally do now i 'm confused does n't yamaha make the vocaloid software ?
are .72 and .21 really the default gateways for those subnets ?
i know this might seem like a minor deal but we reserve the music tag only for original works by the person submitting .
unfortunately reddit does n't allow you to change titles so we need you to re-submit your post using the discussion tag .
thanks and i look forward to the responses to your post !
sleeping in on a winter 's day with a cold bedroom and under about a foot of blankets .
we shall reap the benefits of the x my brethen e.g .
the pubs might run another candidate against a president from their own party .
trump is a mess so far and he has to go .
thank you weirdly my case gas gasused the version that i am using of geth is metropolis with the clique consensus .
the ico is designed the same way as 0x was tokens are already minted and ready to be transfered as soon as you buy them .
i do n't like to assume so i 'll ask .
i specifically indicated the reason for the cost no object variable to remove price bias because i could have gotten the sig for a great deal .
if i had said i can get this sig p227 tacops for 700 because it came through my shop '' the answers may have favored the tacops based on price alone .
things i like about the tacops are the size of grip i have medium size hands short trigger reset without creep and the sights are among the best i 've seen from a factory pistol .
i do n't like how long the mags are how much mags cost and how i ca n't seem to find the 10 rd mags with a baseplate that fits flush with the flared magwell .
edit changing my answer from rome to 'right in the middle ' .
i feel like i 'm going to regret this . .
thinking about the riddle further i think it 's literally giving the answer .
the answer is actually 'right in the middle ' . ''
only politically engaged folks know trump is liar unless they live in denial some do resist to abandon trump .
a lot of eligible voters who are tuned out who are not politically engaged are not aware of what 's going on .
these are folks being left behind and will most likely not vote come 2018 .
i have to hand in my master thesis next week .
prof wanted some alterations done although in that case they were completely fair criticism .
as in literally ca n't sleep lost appetite feeling cold and hot heart racing and i 'm spending every second i do n't distract myself with doing some last minute changes imagining some doomsday scenario about me being torn apart by my prof .
it 's not even about good grades for me at this point .
i already have a job starting december so i do n't really give a fuck about grades .
i 'm just somehow terrified that i 'll be failed entirely which would suck pretty hard considering i have an a as my average grade and spent 2 years on this degree ... worst thing is i only have myself to blame .
doing coursework was fun at all but turns out i 'm pretty terrible at writing a thesis .
hey if you are on a us server and you can supply a 2 key i 'd run one with you .
also you can try this message to your guild hey guys i have a 2 keyname if anyone wants to join me .
wait 5-10 min if nobody says anything okay guys last call for my 2 keyname before i pug .
i think few people could confirm with their own eyes that the earth is round so being a little sceptical is fine .
there 's absolutely nothing wrong with checking your phone between sets .
i normally pull it out and either switch a song and put it away but when people are checking twitter insta and snap after every set that 's a problem
i 'm with the servants of the secret fire an old an venerable kinship dating to the first week of the game .
the album is easily damaged corner many people have that problem .
and just compare to another 101 boys album the styling the color .
and the burn it up budget or whatever it called .
what the boys wear daily life are mainly fan gifts .
each boy has few thousand custom in-ear monitor you think ymc that generous ?
the stripped shirts been used at least 4 times already and they damn ugly .
the shirt kuan lin daniel wore been called out faked even on dispatch .
if last era they wore h m this era they should upgrade at least to ck for ex .
is that fair enough or should i throw in someone like jaylen brown ?
hope i do n't sound overdramatic but if it 's i 'm '' that significantly impacts my enjoyment of this song .
so uh did he get kicked or did this count as activity ?
always at least one representative of nimby tribe gracing everyone with their important presence .
i hate the gfw name but ultimately it 's a small part of the system .
people hated the tna name but at the same time when the show was great the crowd would chant tna .
if the product is good no one will care about the name much .
fingers crossed that i just failed super hard at the harder difficulties since i 'm only seeing one copy of her in my barracks .
hopefully i did n't accidentally sack her for db2 of all things .
i just pulled 406 at 14 years old and 139 bodyweight .
giving players more options is always the consumer friendly choice
what 's sad is that recipe made me hungry for corn/chili/cheese mush ...
to ty chyba prawicowego internetu dawno nie widziałeś bo tam zwolennicy rządu tego nie zauważyli i przez rok piali peany na temat nadwyżki .
i think rachel is probably the show runner herself sarah gertrude shapiro with their jewish heritage and all .
shapiro seems to hold the same view of the show as season 1 rachel does although i do n't doubt there are other producers like her who still work for the show .
elan is a plausible rachel too like you said because of his progressiveness and closeness with the cast .
i can see him being a natural manipulator like rachel since he seems to have the complete trust of so many contestants .
chet as fleiss is spot-on and gary is probably rob mills also ...
i can confirm his name is gary because i can hear quinn saying his name in my head lol .
there was that other network guy who got fired at the beginning of season 2 and i 'd like to know who that is ?
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chakrabarti_inquiry the anti semite who was on the liberty commitee and abstained on the snoopers charter
i only wish here was a way to have it delete right after you share it .
seems inefficient to have to go back to the screen shot after you 've a shared it click done then click either delete or save .
that option is on the ipad and preview for macos .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oldpeoplefacebook if you have any questions or concerns .
i did say i do n't want to do this for years to come and he did seem to concede that point but also said he does n't want to have to censor himself
find a plugin that let 's you send mail through smtp .
lower the budget for some services when they are not used in full capacity .
usually in early game when you just place a new power/water/transportation/etc facility you might be using only 50-60 of full capacity lower the budget to 60-70 .
build less infrastructure to reduce upkeep power line is quite expensive surprisingly
i bought it for my wife like 2 years ago .
people followed my account when i called them out on their bs .
the difference between what the cavs did and your idea lies in the difference between dray and lebron .
draymond is an amazing passer and court leader but he is n't the playmaker lebron is .
lebron can consistently find his own shot if he ca n't find teammates but draymond couldnt
what 's the depth and how can i find it ?
i just play another full damage geb ... is so xd
used to work at nature 's table sort of a healthier '' version of subway that also sold wraps soups salads and smoothies .
found out the employees at their sister store which they would sometimes have me work at when they were short staffed were starting at 1hr .
more than i was being paid after being there 1.5 yrs .
when i called them out on it they said it was n't true '' and they could n't pay me more right now after the owner and her husband just took their 4th vacation for that year .
they would n't even pay my earned full week 's vacation and could only pay me for 3 days .
well during my week off i started a new job .
came back and quit within the next week ... ..but here is where it get 's good
the new manager they hired and who i used to assist with cash drops and deposits after work every night now without my supervision started taking that cash to supplement '' his gambling habit .
what i was told some time after i left was they started getting past due notices and product deliveries were stopping because the vendors did n't get paid for awhile .
when they confronted the manager he confessed to swindling at least 4,000 ... .not to mention the thousands they had to cough-up to pay their vendors so they could resume deliveries !
since the owners were too damn cheap to do a background check for a position that requires handling money they did n't know the manager they hired had quite a lengthy record that included everything from burglary prison time and even arson !
this is more of a karma story than a quitting story i guess .
he sells 3 exotics for legendary shards and he waits on one of the planets whichever is the flashpoint for the week
there is n't really anywhere else you would buy '' anything .
you can buy mods from the gunsmith once you are 280 .
you can buy special cayde 's stash '' maps from cayde after you beat the game .
and you can buy eververse item with silver money or silverdust what you get when you dismantle eververse items
that i should have startet with electrolysis right away 4 months before the start of hrt .
and not just with laser as my hair is mostly dark red so laser does not do much to it .
the power of being kind bribing hungry middle-class quislings with food .
we use the terms instructional days '' or instructional hours '' .
smarty is the way to go in 03-05 cummins .
it will destroy a stock automatic transmission though so if you are n't willing to upgrade the trans dont tune it .
mine didnt last a week after installing the smarty even on lower settings .
now that i have a built trans it runs very strong .
and just under 18 months ago he went on to score the fa cup final winner .
i think we 're lucky to have a squad player like him at our disposal .
i do miss old rengar but i 've learned to play with new rengar despite him being clunky to play at times .
it 's a struggle man but it 'll all work out
better not try to play with captain codpiece there in a gw store .
i swear half the people who go here are in con ed
well when your gm is known to withhold information embiid simmons and lie embiid simmons its kinda tough to blindly believe everything he says
if you went to colorado state i think we had the same professor
for expansions you can also put additional hard drive in front loading enclosure as well .
but that 's about it no additional power supply connections .
my cat had earmites and a food allergy and we took her to taunton rd .
animal hospital on the recommendation of a friend of my mother 's .
they charged me about 250 dollars to confirm that she had a food allergy and earmites .
and 30 for ear mite medication that i later learned i could buy at the pet store for 16. they also entered my cat 's information wrong but that 's more clerical error than actual bad service so forgivable .
they quoted us 600 dollars to get her fixed .
we ended up having a friend take her as a rescue with her rescue group for 50 dollars .
an ex-roommate took her cats to simcoe/rossland animal hospital and they were well-priced and professional .
i have n't taken my kitty in yet but that is where i am looking to go next .
that 's an ancient proverb he who smelled it dealt it
150 he was talking about playing on a stockholm server from germany .
yeah i live in northern indiana and ca n't even find a flight out there soon enough
one of the instructions for the apft is that soldiers who feel ill or fatigued should not take the test .
hey make arms wear mail since shaman and hunters are also reverting to leather .
let 's add a bandage spec to warriors too .
not the same when we have tangible evidence of modern technology .
there 's a book written by about 100 different people all slammed to a spine of a book written thousands of years later and translated through 10 different languages before it landed on english but yeah totally compares to hard evidence we have now .
heads up against a single random hand the big blind aa is 85 to win .
against a full table that drops to less than 30 .
the more people who come with you the less likely you are to win the hand .
the 4 bet shove in 0.02/0.04 is a strong move and in my opinion the villain is very unlikely to have worse than trips .
a bluffing hand would have likely called your turn raise and then shoved on the river .
you do realize that affidavits are signed under sworn oath .
hence now comes your affiant steven a. avery sr. and under oath hereby states as follows ''
if le can lie in an affidavit why in the hell ca n't suspects
they can but they 'd be committing perjury which avery and brendan clearly have no problem doing .
who is the person i commented to calling out ?
they 're just spouting nonsense directed at no one .
i can understand that but surely they ca n't use that excuse when the entire fut servers went down for everyone on ps4 at least .
when i was 7 and my dad and older bro took me trick or treating we passed a house and i got my candy .
my dad and brother thought it would be a good idea to have one of the teenagers who lived at the house and was handing out candy dressed as chucky from child 's play to pose as a statue and chase me to the end of the block once i came up to him i had n't seen him handing out candy since one of his parents gave some to me .
i was scared shitless when it happened but i understood that it was one hell of a prank even at that age .
for all we know we could 've lost to the pats in overtime .
it 's been there but i 've never actually gotten one from my 11 or 12 win runs .
i can only assume the chances of getting that particular prize is less than the others .
i tried to use gmail and the ads were hideous and the app just looks very dated .
i love the snooze '' functions of inbox i can get to inbox zero but not lose long term todo items .
she 's a rapper and was making a joke i feel like this is in the wrong subreddit
it is not selfish to focus on your own pleasure .
it would be selfish to only focus on yourself and ignore him .
if you 're not doing that you 're fine .
if he has no complaints you 're doubly fine .
lmao no proof no evidence just a one line claim against forced conversion happening because it makes him feel better to live in a fantasy world .
dumb fuck forced convert pakis should all be killed descendants of dalits and arabs mixing together .
at that age both myself and my daughter started our periods mine and hers both started when we were each 11 .
numero uno for both of us was that we knew it was normal .
but did n't want to have some big conversation about how we were becoming women and it 's nothing to be ashamed of '' .
ironically for both of us we did n't want our mothers to run out and tell everyone like close friends aunts grandmas and we did n't want to have to talk about it .
i use to throw my underwear away rather than ask my mom to wash them even though she was great about it .
a few short sentences can go a long way .
but i say save that for later and just focus on apologizing for right now .
i wonder how many of those 32 parts are the engine .
it always feel awkward when you walk out the bathroom after crying .
i feel like people can tell but they dont say anything .
i wonder if they are making fun of me ?
fuck my boss sent me an email asking why is the report late .
hey we should definitely get credit for not getting blown the fuck out like we regularly did for the past 4 years .
edited in heck my main is still a toshiba satellite l645d-s4029 .
it 's still perfectly fine and it 's seven years old .
if you take care of your stuff it 'll last a long time mac or pc .
trying to decide between saving money for tulsa or buying more guns .
my favorite deck out of all of them is i believe misplaced rocket ''
i think it comes down to pure laziness on anets part .
colin johanson or one of the devs i forget which is on record as saying they would not make any specific armor for charr because it is the least represented race in the game .
but the reason people do n't pick charr is because of all the numerous clipping issues and so many other problems .
there was also the thing where charr footprints were backwards for the better part of 3 years and so many other issues with the race it 's hard to remember them all .
it looks like things are a little different now with most armors having tail slots though so congrats to them on that i guess .
i wrote a bunch of ruby scripts that help take an existing github org and turn them into hcl for my org it 's pretty handy .
i 'll have to see about getting approval to make them publicly available .
full bladder every time they think they want/need to talk to me .
i feel like you came off as douchey but did n't mean to .
like if you were a hobbit you 'd be douche baggins .
he just kinda stared at me and told me that those accusations were made up/funny/not going to happen/i did n't count anyway ...
i 'm bi and have been with my boyfriend for 3 years .
he 's expressed confusion/annoyance over bisexuals before so i knew his opinion .
i honestly could n't believe that came out of my mouth .
i do my best to be professional and sweet at work but he was such an unprofessional child .
i just left that job for a place where everyone is incredibly professional and actually behave like adults .
i feel like i 'm in a foreign world .
a solo queue option would suck ass for parties with varied ranks .
you could 've used fewer words searching for her nudes on google .
i think you might be better off with a netflix subscription and maybe just concentrating on doing short 45 minute or less sessions and leave the longer rides for the milder winter days or the spring
most cycle computers will let you create some kind of stepped workouts .
whether you do steps based on cadence power or heart rate goals is down to you .
add a warm up at the front and a cool down at the end and adjust the resistance with your hand either on the trainer or by selecting bigger gears and that 's free .
i tend to find 45 minutes with a lot of variety in the steps stop you getting bored .
if you want to do 'ride at z2/z3 for an hour ' then sure you might need a distraction that 's where netflix comes into play but i 'm not that convinced of the point of doing hours on the trainer like this .
you should be able to maintain fitness over the winter with a few hard sessions a week .
another alternative is taking the opportunity to do some weight bearing exercise .
yep simply adjusting the screens rgb settings has the same effect .
some monitors actually come with blue light filter settings .
useful when gaming late at night or in a dim lit room .
greg nuckols is the strongest natural lifter ever so makes sense
i 'm both scared and amazed a man of his size can move like that
yeah done that a lot just to appear like i 'm not a super crazy person remembering everything what someone said
it 's ugly but not as pathetically ugly as qc .
bill 62 was such a cf of a rollout .
name one recent bill in ontario making national headlines ? ? ? ?
i just want there to be no class/race restrictions .
lore wise you could argue for anything at this point .
i want to be a horde gnome druid because .
the issue is that neither of them is close to the relative skill of either opponent .
so basically the ranked lists fail to do what they are supposed to do .
also since a lot of people point out they would like to have fun with their friends at various ranks this is n't fun for the opponents .
it 's not fun meeting meeting someone high above/below your rank even when they play together .
supernet 's only coin is komodo then there are assets that earn revenue from usage of its features .
oh for sure i completely understand where you 're coming from and knew from the get go that was absolutely something i was going to have to keep an eye on .
making sure that i did n't replace one addiction with another .
i make sure to keep myself busy with other hobbies and other healthy outlets as well .
a big one for me that 's been super awesome has been walking .
coupling that with audio books has been a really really great resource for staying sober as the distraction .
if i start getting anxious or feeling the itch i pop on an audio book and go for like an hour long walk .
it 's been great also because i 've been crushing books i 've been meaning to read but just have n't had the time to sit down and read .
knocked out the stormlight archives which was/is incredible and i ca n't wait for the next one .
i 'm currently in the middle of kingkiller chronicles .
and the nice thing is i have another series that i read also which is malazan book of the fallen easily my favorite book series i 've ever read but god damn is it intense and dense .
if we focus on get minorities more legal gun ownership it will be a repeat of reagan and the the black panthers from back in the day .
we live closest to a separate school maybe it all sucks !
be a real same if something happened to it .
next let 's set up a system of international trade and cultural exchange between nationalists .
not crying at all though almost causing a head-on crash would be cause for crying .
i feel as though you are making a judgment that mental illness is somehow the person 's fault .
wo n't stick unless they personally want to change '' .
this assumes that they wanted to be mentally ill in the first place .
the first thing that you learn in family therapy is that a mental illness whether it be an eating disorder addiction or depression is not someone 's fault .
through the use of drugs the brains chemistry is changed .
whether someone wants to change '' is irrelevant if they are not of sound mind to make the decision in the first place .
i do n't believe the family unit '' is under attack by anyone .
saying that progressives '' and elites '' despise the family unit is a gross generalization and simply false .
i identify myself as a progressive and i have a wife and child .
i love my family and friends more than anything and am very close with them .
there seems to be this unwarranted hatred for those who view life and love differently than you do .
if you are referring to lgbt marriage as an assault on the family unit they want a family just as much as straight people hence the want to be married .
if anything this is a solidification of the value of the family not an assault on it .
in my view going through life keeping track of credits and debts of those humans who share this life with you sounds exhausting .
if someone needs help we as a society should provide that help regardless of the roi .
i understand that there are some people that could take advantage of a system set up to help people but they are in the minority .
i understand that not everything can be free obviously .
i also know that i am a good person who is just as much a patriot as anyone else .
i love this country i love the people in it .
i love the diversity the drive the tenacity of our people .
however i do n't think it is productive to label an entire group of people as trying to bring down the us .
i pat them dry place them in a bowl add a tiny bit of oil and season the crap out of them i like a lot of seasoning .
i 've been obsessed with the mccormick brown sugar bourbon seasoning .
then i 'll cook them for 12 minutes at 400 degrees .
i do chicken breasts the same way just leave them in longer .
we have the airfryer xl so i 'm not sure if that will make a difference in cooking times/temperature .
you ca n't do it every day but if you watch the market there are a good number of sub 300k units moving in hueneme .
active field data gathering or something along those lines probably
trixie is great do n't get me wrong but shangela is iconic .
rule 0 no threads that are answered by the wiki searching r/fitness or google https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_rule_.230
please note this is not an automatic removal by a bot .
your thread was reviewed and removed by command from a human moderator .
if you have a question about this removal please first click the link and read the full text of the rule above .
if you still have questions you may send a message to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness and include a link to your thread .
yeah he did but i think in this instance it 's a bit forgivable because he was focused first on the guy attempting to murder him and second trying to go straight to the police for help .
he obviously intended to stop until the whole thing got crazy .
there are only a few questions that apply to me .
how do i move from a beginning to an intermediate level ?
already read this these are just general ways to improve in programming which i understand .
i 'm trying to find out what i should do next in my own scenario .
should i learn more than one programming language at once ?
the second question says use a language for at least a month and i 'll have 3 months of experience by the time i 'm finished with the course .
however the first question says the fundamentals are flow control error handling i/o implementation of algorithms data structures etc . ''
but i have n't learnt these because i 'm a beginner .
should i learn these with a resource that teaches in python or a language agnostic one ?
the comments on that post were probably terrible but they do n't even know who you are or your story so forget it .
like i said i 'm sending good juju your way
the only reason the new orbs help endgame is because it lets you easily reroll all the shit maps that people do n't like to do into one of the few with a decent layout density .
these are the memes we need if we 're to compete with the other team 's subreddits .
you have no idea what you 're talking about .
this is a little bit more extreme than being an ass and not giving a costumer a smile .
then why did the pq oppose its removal even as they were promoting the charte des valeurs ?
fire marshall is trying to get him out with a trap pole .
if we get jim hickey as pitching coach we 'll be doing a lot of that .
apart from the lead song hearts of stone '' what would some other sick tracks be ?
6/10 why does 1 of ur eyes or both go down .
u would be a 7.5/10 if it werent for ur sagging eyes just being truthful .
when you have nothing to loose you do n't give a crap and just scream the truth .
the spirit in the wood told me you should stop singing .
yin and yang means studying and understanding that there are two sides .
it does n't mean one does n't have to make a choice .
it means both always have and always will coexist .
yeah they really are love how they put it for lauri .
did an uso just say what '' after cole said keep on sucking '' ?
bruh we are well on our way to getting doncic like this lmao
if they placed them as smart objects they 'll display a the canvas size .
i have to point out your point 2 i have seen doods constantly being reset from naked almost safe with their sheet door back to naked level zero a lot but i have n't played the new system what i am hoping is that it does reduce that effect and helps guys once they hit a wall raided able to quickly rebound
u/ggwag was banging this drum a few months back .
i 'm too sick of seeing this asinine theory to write a new response so i 'll just copy what i wrote then .
the idea that the 2nd amendment was written to appease mason is ludicrous at best .
the constitution only needed the ratification of nine states .
new hampshire was the ninth so virginia 's endorsement was n't necessary .
not that it matters anyway since virginia ratified in 1788 and the amendments were n't written until 1789 .
they were n't even in congress when madison wrote the 2a .
as it was henry and madison were bitter enemies and it 's hard to envision them working on anything together much less a constitutional amendment .
the whole idea that the 2nd amendment was written to protect slave patrols '' has no historical basis is in fact incredibly unlikely and is nothing more than a cheap drive-by attempt to equate support for gun rights with racism .
i m a g i n e m y s h o c k
someone once said the first indicator of gentrification are those hipster coffee shops .
you know what i see at different stops on the lightrail ?
fucked around and got the am90 flyknit in the glacier color they look so sweet .
surely you do n't think racism in america stopped once black people were made free .
nice attempt at a distraction though from the fact the mormon church taught its constituents that god would curse them for marrying black people that black people are 'the seed of cain ' or that black people are less than white people for 'biological reasons ' or brigham young telling white mormon men to marry native american women so they could be restored to a white and delightsome '' state .
that does n't mean that every mormon is a racist but attempting to portray mormonism as anything otherwise takes another level of silly .
racism is a pillar of the mormon church not just some random belief held by specific individuals .
it was literally preached about from brigham young up to professors still at byu today .
you do n't really need the large army that khepri gathered at the end .
the coordination could easily be achieved by having a small team be the ones to pull off the bullying attack rather than a gathering of every cape accessible through doormaker .
after the current wrangler stops the production – the plant toledo south will be retooled to then build the all new jeep pickup launching in 2019 .
and at sterling heights the production of the all new light-duty pickup truck will start in the first quarter of next year .
and the current pickup in warren truck will continue in production to avoid any production losses in that ramp-up period .
the best hard sci-fi show since stanley kubrick faked the moon landing . ''
lpt do n't face the pens after a game when niemi starts in net .
the joe buck hate i think is so arbitrary and i 've never heard a good reason for it .
some educational discounts are great though for example it was a lifesaver when my old pc croaked and my oem windows license would n't transfer since it was oem so i got non-oem windows super cheap .
i think this team will get better as time goes on though .
we got worse as time went on last year .
also i actually think noah is going to have a huge bounce back year when he comes back and he 's gon na end up being the starting center for defensive purposes .
i can see how having physician leaders use it for real would be especially helpful .
children as young as two or three can exhibit signs of being transgender and may qualify for the use of puberty blockers .
7 gonadotropin-releasing hormone gnrh agonists e.g. leuprolide acetate histrelin to halt puberty can be used for transgender youth before the development of natal secondary sex characteristics .
the evidence for the safety and efficacy of puberty suppression is thin based more on the subjective judgments of clinicians than on rigorous empirical evidence .
it is in this sense still experimental — yet it is an experiment being conducted in an uncontrolled and unsystematic manner.
that list is your preference of a good mmo .
loads of those things dont matter to people and some definitely repulse them in an mmo .
lots of politics though a lot less than early days. or i guess different from early days
great crafting system with a lot of width but not much depth a lot of opportunities missed .
every class is dps class except actual dps classes .
dps classes meeeeeh here you go some damage but no survivability xd
game doesnt force you into the story if you want to experience it go ahead. if you want to never touch the story .
it 's literally not against the law it 's against the u.s. flag code recommendations code is n't law no matter how official it sounds .
420 only works in countries where for some backward ass reason you put your month before the date .
i 've had a ton of electrolysis ... hurts like hell but is eventually permanent .
i started with full male-type facial hair so it 'd likely be less awful for you but still not fun
we let them make the dlc sell it as a paid mod and we keep all the money .
i 'm from new york so our 55 really means do n't go above 80 .
feel free to go back and find me when wwe has repeated that same trope with the same 2 guys at consecutive ppvs .
of course they reuse angles there 's only so many different types of stories to tell .
braun and kane are already in blood feud territory though very hard to see them running the exact same angle they just ran 2 days ago when their feud is clearly at the point of 'braun is looking to fuck shit up when he comes back '
my signature looks like jan shit '' instead of resembling my name .
weapon sharpened cane of the white tsar head aurum regis circlet of healing chest swansgrace coat hands orison fingerless gloves feet antiquated seventh heaven thighboots ears paramour 's earrings
which would be awesome if you came out with something relevant to read ''
all i 'm telling you is besides whining about whats happening i 've never seen you make an actual insightful comment good head coaching candidates good fo candidates good realistic free agents great value contracts browns should target .
nope it 's just straw man arguments that everybody here is okay with the team and bitching and moaning .
leest op de nos dat ie niet meer in leven was
holmgren and hextall need to go to the league with hours of tape to show we are objectively treated unfairly .
if i was hextall i would just pull th team off the ice at one point .
do people think hes actually baiting or are they just memeing about it .
the writers probobly did n't choose a method at all and if they did it would probobly be like a squirty french toilet .
yasiel puig is slugging just .275 33 total bases in 120 abs versus lhp this season rank 141st of 145 full-time hitters in mlb league avg .419 .
barry 's parents on that earth also took a vacation to atlantis
i ca n't seem to get past 3 days at the moment .
what are your tips for fighting urges in the early stages of stopping porn ?
also any noticeable reduction in urges as time went along ?
our last year together we decided to move in together .
she was still studying and had to move 600 kms away for a new school .
i quit my job in order to move and leave with her .
arrived there i find a little job first jobs minimum wage you got the idea i basically was paying the rent and our expenses being the only one working and she wanted to be independant so ask her mother to stop supporting her financially since we needed someone to act as a guarantor to be able to rent the place nearly always work this way in the country i was living in at that point it 's crazy her mother was our guarantor but then the renting contract was in my exe 's name .
during these two years i put money aside for us to go on vacation in japan she was a huge weeb .
could feel things were tense for the last six months she was always coming home late because in bars with girl friends or going to the movies alone etc ...
anyway we finally go to japan she offered her twin sister and her boyfriend to join us eventually so long for the romantic holiday during two weeks there she spends all her time with her sister and sister 's boyfriend me on my own .
we come back home i 'm virtually penniless since all my savings went in this vacation .
i go to one of her friends to take back our cat he had looked after .
i come back home she 's not there she went back to her mum 's .
she sent me a mail explaining we were through and that i had to leave the flat .
have to quit my job go back to old town spent a year squatting from one friend to another while working as a temp before getting back on my feet .
one month after she left me i learnt she was now living with one of her teacher hence the strange behaviour for the last months together .
maybe op is fooling us all and they 're siblings or something hmmm ...
ya just said that since he said he was still getting the tv .
not the direct question but i thought it may help
the winners of the 3 fights before the main event could easily be fighting for a title on their next fight .
from a bit of an outsider perspective i 've been watching the dodgers for only a few years now but he 's always the voice calling the game and that 's been the case for some peoples entire lives .
imagine being 5 years old and hearing this guy your whole life almost every night .
it 's like watching the game with your grandpa who 's rubbed shoulders with everyone in baseball .
god incited violence in the old testament so i guess god would be banned from reddit .
sensitivity.. dpi.. you are thinking about this like we are talking about counter strike or something .
this is destiny with the right weapons you 're not supposed to aim .
that picture gives me a freedom boner that even trump ca n't quash .
was it at least something sneaky like a baseball choke ?
can you trade now the morning is no good for me
that term comes from a paraphrasing of oliver holmes jr. opinion of a case before the supreme court considering wether speech in opposition of the draft for wwi was protected speech .
they ruled it was not protected speech because like the fire '' metaphor the speech was both false and dangerous .
part of the ruling was later overturned to use the threshold of speech that is likely to incite imminent violence '' .
even back before it was overturned the term also included falsely '' .
pizza puff by iltaco are simply not available outside of our area and they 're truly missing out .
28 is chump change for the best movie of the year
just look at that medivh go he just needs level 20
if you get them that young it will be your best friend for life .
we actually kind of need people to not have babies now
wait so the whole building a base however you want doesnt exist anymore ?
moral of the story ... do n't purchase d2 because they ca n't be trusted .
you 've never had a lucid dream therefore you do n't know you 're dreaming at the time .
you would n't cheat on your bf normally so then it 's no different in your dream .
how can these announcers talk with so much spurs dong in their mouths
well toronto also has no space on their roster for him and they have options for call up altonen and fehr in case of an injury
you 're not spreading risk by diversifying in other crypto-currency .
if the market crashes all coins will be hit .
however unless you 're new to this game expect crashes to happen and hold tight when they do the market eventually recovers .
the losers are the ones selling to the whales when their weak hands ca n't take it any longer .
if you want to diversify you need to look at other assets altogether .
the thing is those other assets are terrible investments at the moment .
relistate is due for a major correction gold has n't made anyone money in the last 10 years accounting for inflation recession or more likely depression is not hard to envision in the near future .
not even government pension plans are safe from being pilfered .
why do you think big money is starting to enter the crypto landscape ?
jesus he literally asked russia to give him hacked into on twitter .
well he did reach the stop sign before the other car was even in the frame so he should 've had right of way .
if you can peel it off it 's a sticker .
if you ca n't and it 's on blue it 's a waterslide .
maybe just maybe the last year of high school but i doubt many students would care about such things .
the ones that care enough would 've figured it out on their own anyways most of the time .
some of them will realise that they could 've made good use out of it later .
so definitely not mandatory maybe elective for the last year of high school .
if you can wait target is doing a buy 2 get 1 deal starting sunday 29th .
these are the three games i 'm doing that with .
cougaring hard over badass archie holding up a gun as some dude scream sings i 'm a bad man at me ...
agreed i have n't measured it but all of these wasm examples have an additional copy out from the webassembly memory buffer to the images attached buffer that could explain some of the loss of speed for wasm .
unfortunately multiple memories are not currently supported so for now this is a necessary overhead .
my blood pressure is too high i must have missed that
well it 's been pretty mixed the past few days .
cash has been starting lower early in the day as packers attempt to break the market but then ultimately called slightly higher by the end of day .
things are slowing down and futures basis is widening .
i would think that the reversal will come by late this week or early next but honestly something keeps telling me that the very unexpected is happening and that demand is coming through big time mostly domestically i guess while the supply of hogs has been overestimated .
this market might not be a straight plunge back down although my puts really hope so as usual .
so the only definition of a market is you have a choice whether to make the transaction . ''
in soviet communism you never were forced to buy a certain product .
so the definition has to be at least a little more complicated than that .
it 's absurd to suppose that a market is not a market unless all transaction costs are zero .
however that 's the starting point of all economics .
any transaction costs or opportunity costs have to be tacked onto every model .
at some point it 's just the wrong mathematical tool .
when the transaction costs dominate people 's decisions the standard assumptions people about supply and demand and capacity are no longer valid .
the simplifications we make affect the model further on .
the fact that for every market friction you have to add a correction term means in general models will be missing friction terms .
since frictions affect the poor more that means in general economics is not properly describing how the world works for the poor .
they 're great at describing financial markets which behave something close to the ideal
i 'd love to get one when they 're back in stock
how long do you like to steep the capone for ?
if you think it 's such a plum life being a janitor then i 'm sure you could go apply for the postion instead of sweating it out at a keyboard doing it .
means you did n't learn it fam just memorized for exams and did homeworks .
i think you could get a better return for brees
free ink for life is an hp thing which as an fyi does count as ink attach if you ring it up correctly .
all of this is listed in the ace communication about it it 's not the worst thing ever .
that said i 'm certainly not putting out the shipper for it .
i think what you mentioned was galvanized by the votes at ti
how dare that 74 year old man steal a ninja .
i was not present but it was at a bachelor party with several of my friends as well .
he claims the bbq was already up and running when the explosion happened .
there apparently was a separate gas hose under the bbq that was not connected to anything .
after the bbq was running for a while the bottom chamber filled with gas enough to catch with the already lit bbq above and the thing exploded in a ball of fire .
he get very bad burns on his arm/hand and leg .
luckily he had a hat and sunglasses so it protected a lot of his face .
it 's no bullshit to scam money this dude got burnt real bad and he was and is still really affected by it .
i hope me writing this does n't affect his lawsuit but i 'll write again that i was not present i heard the story second hand and i ca n't guarantee 100 facts as once again i was not there .
well this lady is making seem like it was n't bledsoe that plummeted his own trade value
the phrase is often quoted as judge not lest ye be judged. while the meaning is the same it 's interesting we have learned the wrong wording from the 1611 king james version .
it should be judge not that ye be not judged. the verse often is taken to mean nobody has the right to judge anybody for anything at any time .
when jesus spoke these words on the slopes surrounding the sea of galilee he was n't saying never to judge .
he simply warned about doing it the wrong way—by telling us how to make judgments the right way .
i think you ca n't live with christians being able to live with homosexuals being a thing .
the bible never tells anyone to kill somebody because they are homosexual
parroting some thing i saw in a similar thread way back .
people legit invested in what was happening in that squared circle
according to the article the tour would be second half of april and first week of may .
i wish it was march then i could combine lollapalooza and radiohead show .
so i 've got a very old jaeger lecoultre watch .
it 's in very bad condition is it worth me getting it restored ?
is a heartbreaking song about a man and his friend who has cancer .
there was a 5 year stretch he was averaging 18/10
nowhere near as potent as curry but at the time he was a hell of a weapon on offense .
meh the ones that graduated with me who cared are still in graduate/med/law school .
the rest either fucked off made fat oil money or are in the nfl/mlb .
still a few away from that 10-year mark though .
my husband spends close to 10 hours a day on his xbox and completely ignores me when he is doing so .
i have every right to be pissed about 200 or 1 that was spend with my credit card .
it effects my credit score and is under my name .
i 'm not taking his things for any old reason .
i took his xbox because it is clearly a problem .
and i come being an issue is exactly why spending 200 on a video game is not ok. we are not talking about money that came from our bank account it 's money that does n't belong to me on a credit card that i only use when it is completely necessary .
are you talking about dan let me suck on your toes and i 'll put you in shows '' schneider ?
i really am fucking tired of one liners like this everytime i see it i just imagine world 's biggest moron sitting there with smug smile feeling so smart and amusing .
probably drinking battery acid and downvoting any attempt of thought .
the most common example oh people wonder why nobody can recognize superman without his glasses but are ok with man flying and shooting lasers with his eyes ?
there is internal inconsistency in the world with magic and talking animals ?
the willing acceptance of unbelievable part of the story as true according to the laws of presented setting ?
in a world presented in superman we are informed about magical aliens but nobody has told us that everyone is a moron in a same way i 'm quite sure talking animal people appeared in dota before but i have yet to call butterfly a goddamn sparrow but man who even uses words like narrative coherence ?
who cares if you can drop a hillarious one liner that nobody has ever seen or heard before .
sorry for spam but man was that weighting down my chest for a while .
i really am fucking tired of one liners like this everytime i see it i just imagine world 's biggest moron sitting there with smug smile feeling so smart and amusing .
probably drinking battery acid and downvoting any attempt of thought .
the most common example oh people wonder why nobody can recognize superman without his glasses but are ok with man flying and shooting lasers with his eyes ?
there is internal inconsistency in the world with magic and talking animals ?
the willing acceptance of unbelievable part of the story as true according to the laws of presented setting ?
in a world presented in superman we are informed about magical aliens but nobody has told us that everyone is a moron in a same way i 'm quite sure talking animal people appeared in dota before but i have yet to call butterfly a goddamn sparrow but man who even uses words like narrative coherence ?
who cares if you can drop a hillarious one liner that nobody has ever seen or heard before .
sorry for spam but man was that weighting down my chest for a while .
i would n't doubt that she was trying to talk black . ''
that ponder is n't out for her casual racism comment is astounding .
i think these are exactly what i 'm looking for
the handle looks like the bottom of some well toasted baguette
except for the fact that the opposition could do the same to our goalie .
i 'll take a waived off goal of it keeps our 1 cop on the block safe .
yeah but hanekawa is also best girl a trait that gaen can not hope to obtain .
we do n't need those scum on the website and this is one of the few things mods and admins actually enforce .
bro there is too much oxygen on that planet .
there is no way it could sustain life . ''
there 's a post somewhere that broke it down from fastest to slowest and internal on the x will be the fastest but it 's only slightly faster than a good fast external .
the link may be pay-walled here is a link to bypass it courtesy of google cache link http webcache.googleusercontent.com/search ? q=cache www.straitstimes.com/singapore/transport/new-signalling-system-to-be-tested-tonight .
lol i wish i got rank 3 skills for days
if you were offered 150 or that signed picture no questions asked which would you take ?
if you would take the signed picture buy it .
there better be drama about this reddit being a peice of shit authoritarian censor again .
how are they going to show priority on xayah if she was banned all 5 games ? ?
we showed priority on xayah for like the past 3 months .
edit ok xayah was n't banned all 5 games .
it was banned the three games c9 was on red side and firdt picked by c9 one time they played in blue .
so we only chose kog over xayah in one game and a guy below explains really well why this could have happened .
just got home i signed up and am ready to play
i think you sell crimson and agony and irony short .
especially if you 're going to use sexy clear lenses
i feel like i 'm in so many peoples birthday pics and videos .
i guess dice games but all bar games i know need 5 or more dice it might just be novelty for the set
so when i 'm leveling the bed i level it with that spacer in there ?
i do n't think i 've ever seen ronda break down in tearsafter winning let alone repeatedly .
ronda was tough as nails she just did n't have the ability to adapt to a fighter as good as holly holm .
even after getting headkicked into oblivion i remember a recording of ronda saying she had to get back in there .
we 've never seen how jj takes a loss .
trixie bianca sasha and pennywise are q u a k i n g
pretty sure it 's a felony to be in possession of lsd .
could be wrong but i know it 's a heavier penalty than simple cannabis possession .
just the idea of making the dead feel like a joke feels so wrong .
we should have día de los muertos as the national holiday because it has the trick or treating aspect and still honors the dead .
when walking with a cane you actually hold cane on the bad side .
you lean all your weight onto the cane to take it off the leg .
i feel like there is a word for that most likely there is .
wanderlust is probably the closest thing i can think of .
and i think i know what you are going through .
i 've had to move back home already after only 3 years of living on my own and i just feel like my life has fallen apart .
i do n't like my career and i do n't know what i want to change it to .
i do n't have any hobbies or social activities .
the only thing keeping me from taking my car and just living out of it and traveling is that i still have to make payments on it and i do have my so .
this dead feeling inside is what i 'm mostly worried about .
food has lost flavor music and tv just seem like noise i feel like i am alienating my family or i 'm alien to them .
2 of my sisters were only semi active and i asked them the question of.. hey did you leave because of church history orrrrrrr ... and they would proceed to ask ... what with church history..
for a romantic dinner/celebration ... lake road or mattson followed by aberdeen tavern or the french .
please review the landlord tenant questions https www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/landlord section of the r/legaladvice wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues .
if this does not apply to your question please disregard
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legaladvice if you have any questions or concerns .
for that reason i think it should be dismissed because you were cited for a non-existent offense .
it does n't matter what the ticket was for .
all it would do is take the ticket away she still caused the accident .
ok so i 'm missing a few digits on my left hand and this sounds exactly like what ended up doing .
still took most of my hard-stance anti-clicking friends to school in bgs fairly frequently .
that and i mashed up all my action bars with addons so it was all super close together .
right because venting to a friend about marital issues equates to a flippant attitude '' .
go stroke your homophobic boner somewhere the rest of us do n't have to suffer through the sight of it .
i live in the mid atlantic and my parents live in portugal .
the weather is so different it 's crazy that they 're on the same latitudes and touch the same ocean .
it 's not really though it 's the long development cycles .
porsche operates on about an 8 year cycle with a 4 year refresh in the middle .
so optimistically the electronics in any given panamera will have been sourced 4 years ago .
4 years ago we were on the galaxy s4 .
go ahead and find an s4 i 'll wait .
because mobile processors and sorting technology is advancing incredibly rapidly and 4 years ago you would have looked at that touch screen and been blown away .
just hit up the marks of honor ones and buy the whole set for 12 marks when a new pvp season starts
i took kaplan and got over 170 on the mbe .
i credit that to doing over 2000 of their practice questions and reading all explanations .
frank was willing to use her as a bait but frank has a tbi and whether he admits it or not still sees himself in a world of enemy combatants and nominal allies .
matt has over the course of two seasons made it very clear that if they 're going to be in a romantic relationship karen 's place is his supportive innocent girlfriend .
any attempt she makes to climb down off the pedestal is shut down viciously either because of her own insecurities or because matt does not allow his supportive innocent girlfriend who can not protect herself to disagree with him .
frank on the other hand appears to relish being disagreed with .
to be honest i 'm team karen gets the fuck out of new york alive since karen/foggy is apparently dead .
it 's podcasts and regular web browsing for me .
i 'm using up 15gb every month without even trying .
a closed source browser my portal to all my internet browsing . ''
navy we also did n't get shit to help us .
i 'm in a legal state wa and am personally surrounded with a dozen or so recreational dispensaries near my house .
i find that ironic since mj is the last thing i want to use .
am a big kratom user for like 5 years now .
in fact i hardly notice the nerf to his focus .
he 's still very powerful and quite honestly underplayed for how great he is !
which part of the nerf in particular sticks out to you ?
first issue is they wo n't be able to get out of the lease and second is there are really not many locations near the loop .
no the book does not and as far as i know her body of work does not .
sorry about the whole not having any friends thing .
got ta be tough to go through life like that .
well if you 're learning online it will all be print and it 's just easier to read .
its really not that hard to grasp the sounds or a general idea of them of the alphabet a lot of them are the same as english .
within 5 years of active/reserve duty they are still considered a soldier
probably the chick who invited me to a halloween party tomorrow
we did n't do any dickens at my school in london but we did shakespeare king lear and the tempest .
later on at college i went out and bought hamlet for myself .
what made it more interesting is that the versions we used had footnotes on every page to explain the various idioms and meanings that the reader would otherwise not likely get as a modern english speaker .
weird how many times i have consulted that things done in my family is not normal ...
i hope you are doing well even with nags .
personally my fetish is phase 1 armour that t visor and little helmet wing/spike looks awesome especially when they paint it .
but if it 's stupid and works it 's not stupid
but broken war can use c dervish and it has 75 of broken bull 's dps and a finisher to boot .
rare but it happens like a 5 man yasuo ult oh baby
tom cruise decides this mission is too hard and casually snorts a fistful of cocaine instead .
that was the best home run derby i 've ever seen !
btw keep any and all dogs away from u/aluzky since he unironically fucks dogs .
i 'm partial to shows that feature emotional conclusions or ones that are in keeping with the tone of the show .
had breaking bad ended on season 4 it would 've made the list .
not a terrible ending but i like the s4 ending that amounted to the not-hero wins '' .
i 'm sure i 'm missing a few but those are the ones that stick out in my mind .
i watched all of chuck but i ca n't say its ending even springs to mind now .
why would it sound like i discovered a video about elon 4 days ago ?
in fact you move slower have to aim and reduce your vision around yourself .
if you hip fire you can hop around all you want as long as you hear the beep and have the circle it 'll home onto them .
not to mention you can easily see things and move at full speed hell you can even sprint while you do this .
i tried putting some acetone on it with a scratch pad and it just lightened it up a bit .
god i fucking hate these bolshie shits that have n't even listened to what dr. peterson has to say declaring him a neo-nazi .
the major message of peterson is take responsibility for one 's actions embrace your suffering and sort yourself out .
nothing he says has anything to do with supporting extremist ideologies .
the man has dedicated his career to studying and fighting nazism for christ 's sake !
his message is one that resonates strongly in gen x/millenial/gen zyklon b men .
honestly i think that 's why is opponents hate him this much he is slowly waking up and rallying the young men of the west and it is terrifying the simpering weak wristed utopians .
they know that for evil to prevail requires only the inaction of good men and now that we are being roused these fucking tankies are trying to get him ostracized .
enough people are being red pilled now that if peterson gets shut up it 'll be a line crossed that i do n't think they 'll be able to recover .
you 're missing the point that the nice part is not having to stress over every match because it 's not my job to prevent my own harassment .
it 's nice to engage in a conversation of my own volition without opening and inbox full of shitty messages and having to block or unmatch a bunch of people .
that 's a chore i find exhausting and unfair .
i do n't have to deal with any of that with bumble .
i do n't have to screen for shitty behavior .
i consent to each and every convo and that does n't mean they 'll be great but i 'm not getting a barrage of bullshit and shitty pickup lines .
because a lot of people have been talking about how they related to k by being told they were special and discovering they are not .
i ca n't stop thinking about the movie myself but i am in a vastly different situation .
i have purchased do androids dream of electric sheep '' and pale fire . ''
and anything that makes me read i consider a good thing .
holy fuck you 're right she 's holding her head still .
i ca n't even fathom what was going through her mind when she did this but this is upsetting .
got lucky enough to see them live with goatwhore put on a fucking awesome show .
they are still on sale at the gate but will sold out early on thursday i bet
wonder if this stuff is the reason for macaulay culkin ending up the way he is
is there a list of units who are really good in the beginning ?
i came back and had an account with snow and a couple other 5 as well as a bunch of tickets and 10+1 tickets ect
would you ... would you like us to insult you more on this ama ?
each item description tells you what brand/style the clothing is made from you can usually find them on the brand 's website !
i went to get an allergy skin prick test turns out im allergic to just about everything then the doctor mentions i should get tree serum injections or something .
i say no thanks a month later it shows up on my parents bill in the smount of 330 i was 12 at the time .
of course we call them and they refunded us .
i only recall paying for the exam not the 330 dollar serum .
they use xrp to further liquidity incentivize financial institutions etc .
if you can maintain a really short fade got ta be clipped every 2 weeks go for that
also a low fade is what i call a typical vietnamese uncle haircut and i do n't think that is super good looking so i 'd recommend a high fade .
if you look buff like cung le though you might be able to look good in that .
in fact it is ironic that because of little to no change is what garnered sony success .
change is inevitable and if you do n't change you will be left behind .
change inevitably leads to better even if you do n't think so .
hell if sony was n't doing so well then we would be seeing a huge decline in the industry .
ca n't forget about nintendo coming out with the huge success of the switch .
they can contract out the work to the most suitable studios .
they did it with halo wars 2 forza horizon series and age of empires .
they did it with bloodbourne and are doing it with insomniac .
what i am referring to is xbox owning its own studios that create content for their platform .
ironically early in the ps4 's lifecycle ps4 was dubbed the indie station and lacked first party games ... .
it is actually the opposite way around early in the cycle there is low content and high demand .
as the generation goes on there is a saturation of content .
you are right ... the ps4 does have too much content currently .
days gone spider-man god of war detroit become human sotc yakuza 6 and list continues .
you add in console exclusives not going to xbox then the list gets longer .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
in the post i replied to it was suggested that non-taiwanese to not talk about taiwanese politics .
yet articles written by white people get posted on this board supporting taiwan independence all the time but nobody has ever suggested that those people should not talk about taiwanese politics because they 're not taiwanese .
who could forget the 5 star classic with cm punk
because theres one where it seem hrs will always be having a stoke .
this is what i 've been thinking ecspecially since all of the previous marathons had some sort of sponsor like power rangers being for the movie pokemon for the 20th anniversary etc .
this is really the first marathon without some sponsoring body like that .
because they are different characters with different balance and different goals
way to 1 be uncooperative and 2 compromise team morale with your stubborn behavior .
remember that you 're not the only one playing in your team .
well to get that achievement you have to at least try to use him ...
new standard came around the same time i got a boost from being in esquire 's snapchat story .
i have a friend who had 100 mb episodes for no good reason we have similar length episodes but their file sizes are huge and they dropped by like 2/3s .
i 'm just not dumb enough to overreact 4 games into the season .
lol steph curry had a big 10 game slump last year .
do n't mind that goaltending that was obviously going out anyways
unless if after i place a thought in someones head they immediately follow through with it .
i did n't even know that many of them existed .
stuffed with magikarp despite halloween i go fishing with my gotcha every day .
even found a shiny in my net 2 days ago .
that would be true if the writer 's name is millennial .
is it dead as in it does n't respond to touches or does the display not show anything at all ?
if it 's the first scenario you can just plug in a usb mouse you 'd need a usb-c to female usb-a adapter and navigate via mouse .
if it 's the latter i honestly have no clue did you ever enable usb debugging ?
i 'm a nightstalker hunter and if you use way of the trapper it is very good .
it may not be quite as helpful as titan or warlock but it does n't matter much as long as you play decent and know what to do .
also as the other guy said if you have orpheus rig use that
you do n't joke about molesting an unconscious woman .
i 'm not your dude i would appreciate if you did n't call me that .
i never agreed to participate in a house share i rent a room in my home .
i was incredibly clear about that my house '' my kitchen '' my floor '' my cable '' and i even corrected him straight off the bad when he referred to my guest room that he pays for the privilege of using as his room . ''
in hindsight that should have been a red flag .
however you 're pointless to talk to and at this point you have nothing of value to share .
you seem to continue with the assumption that this is an equal partnership of equals when i was clear with you and him that this is not .
maybe that 's how you do things in your frat house but in my life i do n't do that .
i am not sure what exactly you mean by older '' as business has changed dramatically over the past 7 years as much as it changed from the previous 60 .
i do n't need high profile '' messages to know the score i have worked at enough kitchens call centers and the like to know how businesses generally treat their employees .
that you scoff at employees making unreasonable demands for job security benefits is disgusting and only speaks to a larger disconnect of economic reality on your part .
judging thousands of people based on the actions of one is the fucking worst
haha nah if i was n't on mobile i probably would have too .
pretty interesting format you can choose whichever unit you 're missing the most
that 's a way better idea than outright denying them access to valve servers .
i do n't know maybe it 's just a glitch some people are experiencing .
i on the other hand see it move all over the damn place lol .
or maybe you just are that level of driver who knows really .
maybe it was both and one led to the other ?
this persons username and icon combined with the post has now put the image of a sjw '' version of the soldier from tf2 harassing them .
if done this way what percentage should the second question have ?
or should one of the two answers get at least 75 ?
they ca n't really do a or b questions with the 75 rule ...
big city hospital guard 3 day new employee class by hospital .
this includes policy and procedure training and lots of defensive tactics/scenario training .
r/clitgw too 'cause goddamn that 's a sexy clit you got there !
the point is that they are n't throwaway units which is the context of what i was replying to .
of course availability is an issue but it still offers an extra option for those lucky enough or have enough resources to pull the necessary components .
they did n't have a ranged option before the respective seasonal banners .
as you said it is very close to my families christmases .
as i am in germany the difference is that presents are already on the 24th in the evening instead of boxing day .
ahem.. coke.. white girl although tina does sound like a white chic i fucked once..
wish you were here and comfortably numb reduce me to a blubbering fool pretty much every time by the time i get to the end of them !
english is not my mother tongue you lost me here .
i am learning ancient greek so its really fascinating to scroll through this article and see what i can understand .
in the 2 years plus of ownership ive spent about 700 cad repairing my em5.2 .
the lcd screws on the side came off then lcd broke because it was hold on my 1 screw .
the weather sealing work most of the time '' .
shot 2 marathon in the rain the camera stop behaved weirdly and not willing to turn off .
i had to let it dry for 2 days until it started working again .
i had the 40-150f2.8 and made sure everything was weather sealed '' but i guess not .
it was on pbe but it did n't get much attention for some reason .
any decision by god to prevent it would have interfered with the human free will right ?
i love the look but i find it too restrictive compared to irons .
one of those rare moments where you really just want to go fuck you timm !
maybe a duration system that is somewhat true to the books where the duration is based on the amount of metal burned .
maybe use an action/bonus action to activate/deactivate any metals you have ingested ?
pretending you are high elo at d5 you can say tracking might be hard d
i 'm sorry ajl1239 but i 'll have to remove your submission from r/shitamericanssay because
i was here thinking brexit was a disgrace to the uk then america trumps it ... .
this collin moshman 's book have always been considered some of the best in regarding to sngs .
i would also do some work with icmizer because it is easy to get into how to play different spots when deep but your money will be made by having a solid understanding of short stack play and the icm consideration that goes with it .
homeless person with a trashbag full of halloween treats to hand out .
i 'm bothered when someone responds me with hehe '' .
i feel like he/she is not really happy with our conversation .
do n't you mean mule gosh get it right .
something suspicious with no evidence.. we did accuse them once they left the country that 'd how they got arrested ...
or do you mean you do n't know what kinds of temperatures are dangerous for electronics ?
most likely due to the fingerprint scanner sitting on top of the physical button underneath .
this is exactly what folk moan about with ea .
how hard would it be for them to put our one fking tweet to say they know some players are having issues and they are looking in to it .
nah just leave us all frustrated and wondering if it 's just us or our consoles etc .
i feel like one of the six that were featured in the initial promo for the season are going to .
3 videos a week is so difficult i 'm just thinking about the editing nightmare
most people would n't mind stopping in pisa on the way from florence to cinque terre or lucca or even just the water front .
you are very talented but try not to stray too much into the cringy side of art .
i learned that i dont need friends who are n't there to listen to my whining all the time
toivottavasti ovat antaneet kuskin nukkua sen 6h mikä on heille taattu jos olivat leirillä .
itse kun kävin intissä niin kuskeja laitettiin ihan vittuilun vuoksi keskelle yötä kipinään juuri skappareiden luvalla..
phd theses are typically in-depth research on a specific topic .
this makes them much better teaching tools than the average published paper by the way .
i meant to ask if there were other ways to get a 10 weapon without buying it but forgot to write it .
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
you 'll find that most of us here were from the island over the last few years .
rally the ancestors https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/frf/22.jpg ? 1496792718 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=rally 20the 20ancestors sf https scryfall.com/card/frf/22 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! rally 20the 20ancestors
i wonder if they have to swallow water or their gills just take it up .
the ski mask looks like he will review the ejuice then mug me .
just like miitomo once your region is supported you will be able to link your my nintendo account .
then it will automatically change to your my nintendo region .
edit check the common questions in the app more info there
somewhere she 's telling an accidental bad guy '' story about the time she tried to tell a guy he left a cup on the back of his car but ended up coming across as a bullying road-rager and causing an altercation .
i think it was a good move if he had been open with ali about his bond with chrissy .
he should have pitched it as using chrissy to form a hustlers heroes majority and to try to prevent the heroes from gaining traction .
having to deal with anxiety and depression has been quite a long battle and i hope that this will be the first big step .
you 're right its honestly been so long that i 'd forgotten thank you for clearing that one up .
but the mob mentality on reddit is way too strong for a balanced discussion .
when word broke first that bungie apparently banned a larger amount of players bungie was being attacked left and right and every ban was assumed fraudulent .
then bungie posted their update '' and suddenly everyone who got banned was a cheater for sure because they personally investigated '' each and every one .
now we know some ppl got banned because they cheated and some got banned by mistake .
ppl lie on the internet about what they did and a company in damage control mode also lies about how good their banning process is .
anyway ... since this was the part my lesbian weeb cousin insisted that i watch ... is the rest worth it at all ?
you may have seen this already since it 's been trending but this girl https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xpvxrbwky6m does a really good job explaining it in my opinion .
if you search at http geizhals.eu you can find other shops as well .
no dispel but his mega flares hit numerous times so it 's very possible to get killed off again after re-rez especially with no buffs running .
here 's a guide i found doing the fight the normal way https youtu.be/a8iwkgihehy ? t=570
when flipped over for bench testing the motors spin the wheels no problem but when i flip the board over as though i were going to ride it i just get stuttering and no movement .
my belt tension is good so i 've eliminated that as possible issue
will shapeshift support trading between the two chains resulting from the fork ?
it 's mob mentality amplified by staying in the bubble they made for themselves .
remember that hr department heads or even your coworkers might not have your back when sh ! t hits the fan .
always follow protocol know your policy and procedures and always clear iffy stuff with a supervisor .
if it 's not in writing it did n't happen .
think the higher ups will stick their neck out for you ?
they 'll protect theirs first and throw you under the bus for some mickey mouse bs !
love the donnas they remind me of cycle sluts from hell https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=beunckmt7h8 .
if skulker get a guernsey so do nitocris https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=k1ceew2db60 .
please update your post to contain two feedback links as specified in the stickied announcement https www.reddit.com/r/ocpoetry/comments/73vf47/thinking_of_posting_a_poem_read_this_first
this is wonderful news truly heartwarming and a nice contrast to all the news about poaching .
as someone who is obsessed with elephants and loves them so much i have watched a lot of documentaries on them .
a couple of weeks ago i saw one that really stood out so if anyone is interested it 's called naledi one little elephant it 's a remarkable story and i highly recommend it to those who are as crazy about them as i am .
hi op i 'm sorry about your present predicament .
it ca n't be nice to feel lonely without the hope of finding connections .
you mention your social issues would you say your lack of meaningful connections is solely down to these or other things as well ?
eg perhaps you find yourself seeing the world differently to a lot of the people around you or you have no interest in the people around you ?
edit just read a bit more on other posts .
not sure if this is the appropriate place to comment but do n't want to write an unwelcome post in your message so if you want me to delete then pls ask but your combination of depression low self worth and hopelessness in your situation is in my opinion the sole reason for your non-meaningful relationships and those not so nice people you seem to end up with .
i appreciate it 's a bit of a cliche and certainly a whole lot harder in practice than reality but being able to like yourself and eventually love yourself and understanding that you are exactly who you 're meant to be is how you 'll end up moving forward in the way you want .
it 's a cruel and ironic thing that happens in that when you no longer need acceptance from anyone else you end up getting the right sort of attention .
it involves a lot of soul searching and dissecting your life but yeah on the end is worth .
abilities that leave a ground dot can break the ice if you use them right before being encased .
union jack appears to have been rotated clockwise 90 degrees too .
they 're cute when they are little but then they grow up and act the same way and they are not .
while gdt looked into the tragedy of hellboy in subplots it 's never really been the focus of any of the movies
that 's really what the new director should focus on if he wants to win fans over
i 've been through so many people for their first listen throughs .
i absolutely love hearing about this experience because i wish i could discover ye again .
if you 're gon na do it i suggest do it chronologically .
even more so look up what was going on in his life when each album came out .
pink polos and a backpack college dropout ye is waaaaay different than married to one of the most famous women with two kids dad pablo ye .
also i dunno if you have any animosity towards him as a person .
but you ca n't let that influence your opinion on the music .
you may not hate him but some people do cause they think he 's a jerk .
happy listening and keep me updated when you make it through each album .
i 'll always talk to you about what you liked or disliked !
you would have needed to have bought it from the jp eshop to do that .
one of the things i remember about the trolley problem is it 's also a question of active choice .
it 's not just 1 vs 5 it 's that you actively have to chose to change its path .
one view is that the situation would have existed without you and if you do nothing you 're not culpable for the death of those 5 people .
they may lie about the 70s but at least we know we 're prepared for when the raptors come .
mirror of flamengo fans get desperate after manager calls hated midfielder márcio araújo from the bench !
if the original post is already a streamable link and i posted a streamable version of it it acts as a mirror in case the original is taken down .
if i still offended you well ... ca n't please every human .
it 's been a beery night so i could n't right now if i wanted to and damn you for making me squint and stick my phone in my face .
it 's all ‘us vs. them ' that causes all the problems .
unfortunately it seems like such an engrained basic part of our psychology .
the best time would 've been 5 years ago .
time is precious and if you appreciate time you 'd realize that it 's actually more risky to not take risks .
porn is one of those things that dulls our soul and how we view ourselves and the world .
it might be weird to take a step back and view ourselves as porn addicts but we have to realize that life is much more interesting when porn is out of the picture .
and do you want to know the cold hard truth ?
the majority of men who become porn addicts will stay porn addicts .
and here you are knowing porn is bad and still not doing anything about it .
are you tired of the same thing every single day ?
a keynesian mixed market economy like that of the postwar consensus
and how did that work out for the uk ?
hmm ... . post-war decline lost of economic and industrial competitiveness becoming a laughing stock of the developed world .
that largely depends on whether or not you like hots and mobas .
myself and all my friends love the new mode great for practicing new champions in to .
it 's not a privilege it 's a natural right .
the prosecutorial function resides in the executive branch i.e. in the president .
he could have his ag appoint a special prosecutor at any point as long as the investigation is otherwise proper .
it would seem to be the only way to tell .
thereby making probably 99 of the times the term is applied inappropriate at best .
but by usage we can tell pretty easily it 's not a term for honestly identifying something specific .
it 's a slur for impugning someone 's motives in holding any of a particular set of viewpoints .
i would venture that the particular political barrow being pushed by people who favor the term is to say all such views are suspect and dishonest .
it 's really no different from 'white knight ' or 'bleeding heart ' only a few short years ago .
people just enjoy how new and smart it sounds .
why was this put on r/gaming crappy phone games do not count as gaming ...
both riders have chances to win title but in comparison marc have strong position .
they often highlight new characters with events but near-necessary '' goes too far .
most guides i read did n't mention them or just mention inic as being really helpful but that 's it .
it makes sense for the company and new characters having a useful ability for a new challenge feels like something ff does i any case .
if it was 100 needed i 'd be annoyed .
like i barely bothered with last mk event because banner rates are shit .
think the idea is randle is a better offensive player than nance so let him score off the bench .
do n't really like it because luke keeps playing him at the 5 .
i think you need to stop having a sook .
i know it 's hard and i understand that getting ragged constantly sucks but those people will get theres ...
pvp is a major part of the game and is currently getting new content held back mostly .
and here is where i go from hero to zero .
i just stream it albeit usually for multiple hours at a time between melodic psy progressive drum n ' bass most days of the week from di.fm so i have no idea most of the time .
i was thinking about it but i just got banned there for asking a reasonable question against holodomor denial .
do n't know if i should lough or be sad .
with how much complaining there has been about ming is there any mods that can remedy the borked balance ?
i got ta admit i also did n't care for that..
it needs to be clear that the toh stories are not canonical that joke was not worth that blurring .
if you block some offensive speech there is no freedom of speech .
i have your mons ready and let me know when you 're available for trade .
i dont get why people do n't play varus mid still .
a lethality/armor pen build is still very strong on him
racing/sports driving is an extremely small niche thats irrelevant to general market .
here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content
boruto volume 4 cover https www.reddit.com/r/manga/comments/78uiu2/boruto_volume_4_cover on r/manga with 2 karma created at 2017-10-26 17:52:31 by u/sim0n2170
i 'm not saying that abortions are the end all be all answer for everyone .
but i do believe people should be allowed to make that decision on their own .
i do n't think my definition of life is that out there .
the noise nodes are good but i have watched a few videos and/or reading articles where they 're noted that they are expensive processes to be doing each frame .
unless your noise is changing frequently you should probably consider rolling with a noise texture or two .
i think i 'm in 2015 i 'm seeing guardian with the hard carryz
their mothers were a bunch of dumb whores with fat asses did you know that ?
if they do n't know either they 're not going to help much
press enter at load screen then tries to download config files from bungie
it might be correct but it makes me want to keep myself safe when i hear people misinterpret and incompletely regurgitate such basic philosophic stances .
i find that the kind of people that subscribe to kant and nietzsche especially have this problem .
it 's so true that when people mention either of those names to me that they lose all value completely that they once had i still listen to them hoping i 'll be wrong but i 've never been surprised not once .
why do such shitty idiotic people love kant and nietzsche so much ?
i ca n't seem to find the link on mobile but there was a reddit thread about it somewhere .
damn dude calm down it 's just a game .
if this is the personality you hide from the real world i suggest you see a psychologist ... geez ...
yeah an eu server would be nice for a lot of region euw eune tr
if that was the case then you still need to wait for the next fork .
there is a really easy way to wear helmet with thermals in any vehicles .
i did it with hydra several times but to be honest its a 50/50 result as in trade for good target vision you almost complitely lose the vision of these fcking tress and poles .
ps this is really sad to see how r have implemented thermal vision in this game .
better call it wall hack player vision or something similar .
i have a gear assembly just above it and the whole thing consumes one red belt .
i think it works out to 1080 spm i have modules researched but i was to eager to get a red science assembly and forgot about making modules .
then why did n't you use meta weapons '' like the other people and play efficiently if you 're playing to win ?
that scene literally had me thinking shit just escalated quickly '' .
the opening scene of ep1 was good enough of a mysterious '' hook .
they 're going to follow what they have planned and nothing more .
i must have missed the thousands of articles in the media beginning about not having enough plus sized '' male models is hurting men 's self esteem
basta non laurearsi in lettere filosofia o scienze politiche ed un posto di lavoro che ti paghi almeno un 1000-1200€/mese netti li trovi in poco tempo .
non so quanto ti possa rimanere a fine mese sempre che 1000 euro siano sufficienti se lavori per dire a milano anche facendo il pendolare .
because i evidently have n't played gw1 i get the details of what happened where and when mixed up a bit i try and keep up with lore but it 's a bit messy in places .
but it still comes from outside gw2 from a source which is let 's see ten years old as of last month .
i do n't work there anymore and it was ten years ago .
so they may have had their asses handed to them at some point about sanitation .
they were on the side of good but they were also massive dicks in the first game .
okay so if mitch killed kramer 's nephew that means that john has a brother or sister that we do n't know about .
do you think that they 'll be introduced in a future jigsaw movie ?
it stars a stuntman and he 's filming in a diner setting he has a bike and around the middle there 's a shooting scene where he gets hurt .
he likes the lead actress and she seems to reciprocate his feelings but in the end she is actually inlove with the lead actor so he rides off on his bike .
i know there are a ton of priorities that probably go ahead of this but to help clans keep up with members is there any chance we could get a status either through promotion.demotion or some other way to set our clan members as away '' ?
it would significantly help me keep track of members .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.bbc.com/news/uk-41777271 reduced by 48 .
an alleged neo-nazi has appeared in court accused of plotting to murder labour mp rosie cooper with a machete .
they are among six men who appeared at westminster magistrates 039 court all of whom are accused of belonging to the banned far-right group national action .
the 22-year-old man is alleged to have bought a gladius machete between 5 june and 3 july for the purposes of murdering west lancashire mp ms cooper .
lythgoe who is accused of encouraging him to commit murder is alleged to be a regional leader of national action which became the first far-right group to be banned in the uk last year .
the charges follow a number of raids across england and wales by counter-terrorism officers as part of a national investigation into national action .
in a statement on thursday released after the men were charged ms cooper said quot i would like to thank everyone involved in this case especially the counter-terrorism police for keeping me my staff and the public safe . ''
summary source http smmry.com/http www.bbc.com/news/uk-41777271 faq http autotldr.io 235257 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords national 1 men 2 cooper 3 alleged 4 commit 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
hey really want to get a moon ball surskit ideally not ha but i do n't mind too much
trying to do a name change and it is not being accepted getting this prompt please use up to 14 characters or numbers
trying to do an inverted/mirror text that looks like this sᴉǝɯɐuʎɯ
with the release of the jfk files there is a chance that the cia was linked to oswald before the assassination .
yet any documents which might confirm this are still classified .
if somebody would work at the cia and make a mistake or criminal act what would stop them from destroying documents which could implicate them in the matter .
ca n't the director of the cia simply destroy the documents ?
sir chips is rather old and will need to be replaced at some point in the near future or so we hope so do you think aw as chairman would push our club towards the right direction ?
do you think aw would implement some changes in the way our club would be run ?
i see two dystopian futures that we get to choose from barring some kind of spiritual intervention which i 'm not ever ruling out .
it 's the world the elite are gunning for .
blade runner star wars etc a world where the elite have given us technology to finally shut us up for good .
you 'll marry an ai or a robot or fuck an alien all morality and tradition quickly erodes and disappears within a generation or two .
it 's based on logic fear of death and self importance .
trump would be the most likely person to start this though i doubt he could pull it off .
essentially someone one man takes over the world in the name of god at a point in the future when the degradation of society is finally addressed out of necessity .
i call this the right brain future it 's based on a our need for acceptance and purpose .
when the religious people of the world truly see science in all of its naked wickedness they may rise up and defend their traditions .
in this world we kill those of us not in line with a just moral society .
i 'm sure you 've all run into static electricity on certain jobs and you know what a bear it is to deal with .
obviously digital printers dry out the paper more and operate on electrical charges which does n't help .
run those prints on a folder it gets even worse .
running printed gloss text through the folder causes expletives to fly and a lot of frustration .
i 've read about putting dryer sheets on the paper exit of the printer i 'm going to try this on my next run that needs folded .
we have had static tinsel for the folder rigged up to graze the sheets on exit and that pretty much made no difference .
earlier today i folded some 80 gloss text which i knew was going to be a pain so i got a dryer sheet rigged up to swipe the sheets as they exited and that barely made a difference .
fanning the sheets prior to loading on the folder also does not help much .
i 'm aware they make static bars to mount on the folder but i 'm trying for a low-cost solution here .
just wondering if this has happened to anyone else ?
despite being starving and in a ton of pain i 'm only being offered oral gabapentin barely useful for real pain while being kept npo nothing partaken orally .
i 'm refusing because it 's a damn waste to take pills that wo n't help significantly and it 's bullshit to tease with a sip of water to swallow it .
the doctor who 's ordered this has n't even been in to see me yet either so i 'm fairly disillusioned with his care already .
ive got both with their 2 first jobs which are identical .
does that mean that chloe is better since base 5 ?
hi when i try to stream csgo my fps in game stutters and drops from 300 to 60-100 but when i look on my stream its fine with no stutters .
was wondering if this is a hardware problem as my speeds are 250 down 50 up .
also i have tried capping my in game fps to 144 and 60 still does n't work
hey everyone i 'm not sure if i 'm in the right place .
in fact i feel quite confused about a lot of things right now .
i want to start by saying i do n't feel suicidal right now i have n't ever considered or tried to take my own life .
but as of recently especially right this moment i feel much lower than i have in a long time and do n't know how to handle it .
i 'm normally a very outgoing social happy person with all sorts of energy to exude .
but the last few weeks have been a roller coaster of emotion and feelings .
i 'm planning on seeking professional help soon via counseling something i 've never done before or thought i would need .
my question right now however stems from the fact that i am somewhat enjoying my depression .
it actually feels somewhat good to drag myself to a bottom and sit there for a while .
whether it 's listening to music that makes me sink further into my sulking or just avoiding people and going out on a hike by myself for hours .
i am finding myself trying to actually sit here and really feel my pain .
has anyone else experienced this and does anyone have any advice for me now and or in the near future while i await counseling ?
hi i am currently sitting at 4182 trophies with the 3.0 f2p mortar cycle knight archers ice spirit log arrows mortar rocket goblins .
i have level 11 commons level 7 rocket and level 2 log .
the deck has been working pretty well for me on ladder but i 've recently seen some top players play this exact deck with tornado over arrows .
i 've also seen top players run arrows too .
so what are the pros and cons of each one and which one do you guys think is better for my trophy range ?
the ability to stun the enemy or the ability to tank the damage ?
i can see the pros and cons for both .
the stun is good and ... it 's very good lol .
it helps control things or just straight up stops shit from happening but you 're a big ... big target .
and just like buck '' you 'll go down fast if you 're not careful .
being a tank is very nice adding in the other damage reduction items and you just ca n't be killed .
you still have to be careful but you 'll be a bitch to kill !
i look forward to new people joining every season but with the crossover season a majority of the cast will be returning cast members from seasons 1 and 3 .
i love the new cast members this season like no other season so much so that i hope they fill a majority of the new characters roles in the crossover season .
the only newb i ca n't make a legit arguement for returning is colton haynes but i feel like the writers are way more to blame for that than he is .
also him and billy eichner are the first people i picture as male witches in the coven so i 'd really just prefer everybody come back .
tbh it was the mode that really turned me onto the game .
i can get a whale selling a couple for 6 or whatever happens there but 743,000 ? ? ?
i do not have any plat accessories atm but i m thinking of getting it now for my b w team .
is that a way to get them and is so what shd i get for them ?
ten million years ago li qiye planted a simple water bamboo into the ground .
eight million years ago li qiye had a koi fish pet .
five million years ago li qiye cared for a little girl .
in the present day li qiye woke up from his slumber the water bamboo reached the apex of cultivation the koi fish became a golden dragon the little girl became the nine worlds ' immortal empress .
this is a tale regarding an immortal human who was the teacher of the demon saint heavenly beast and immortal empress .
a boy that was imprisoned for millions of years had regained his mortal body .
he became a disciple of the declining cleansing incense ancient sect where its patriarch used to be his disciple .
now he will bring this sect back to its former glory .
this is his journey to reach the apex and take revenge on those who had imprisoned him .
this is his story of meeting old friends and making new companions .
this is his path of traversing the nine worlds and becoming the next ruler of the heavens .
translated by u/baoluvboa edited by u/nahct and proofread by light .
i 'm somewhat new to basketball and i just do n't understand .
welcome to the daily general discussion thread of r/neotrader .
soon there will be a set of rules on the frontpage that will also apply here in the meantime as this forum builds itself as fast as possible .
for example could i use the number buttons on the chatpad to go through a hotbar in a survival game or something like that ?
i was reading matthew 2 tonight and trying to understand what the three wise men were all about .
first of all i learned that the word translated wise men '' is μάγοι magoi '' which literally refers to an astrologer or sorcerer .
the greeks were fascinated just as we are by the distant exotic and esoteric and in their minds persia was the repository of secret occult wisdom .
so the old persian word magos referring probably to a zoroastrian priestly class became their word for the people who did that kind of thing .
in any case it looks like the wise men were probably not orthodox '' in any meaningful sense .
i 've heard some people claim that they were far-flung faithful jews but i think that 's just an attempt to make the story cleaner and less interesting than it is .
at minimum they were astrologers because that 's how they knew where and when to show up we have seen his star in the east and are come to worship him '' .
so there 's an interesting juxtaposition the king of israel is willing to murder the infant christ to preserve his own position while these infidel sorcerers are willing to follow a star across the desert to worship him .
if we judged that story by the standards we use to judge joseph 's use of the seer stone we 'd have the same difficulties are we supposed to believe a that astrology works and b that god endorses its use ?
they were honest in heart and searching for truth according to their own knowledge and god showed himself to them where they happened to be looking .
if they had been charlatans if they did n't actually believe that they could read truth from the stars they would not have been willing to pack up and cross the desert based on what they saw .
in that light god 's response to both joseph and the wise men makes pretty good sense .
god will talk to anyone who is looking for him .
does that mean there 's anything inherent to stars or rocks that gives them supernatural revelatory powers ?
it just means that if you 're sincerely looking for god he can sanctify your efforts and make them work .
the things i want in jurassic world evolution game .
take for example if you have the visitor center and you customize adding skeletons of other dinosaurs etc
similar to how you pamper a pet such as petting it .
so i am looking at getting a low-angle jack .
i was looking at going big and getting a veritas .
however they are out of stock until november 30 as far as i can find them .
i 've been watching what i eat more and it will be 4 weeks on monday ! !
i do n't have bad cravings except at night and i usually indulge in them if i still have them in the morning .
like for example this morning for breakfast/lunch i ended up having a big fluffy bagel i was craving filled with cheesy eggs i wanted for some reason .
i ended up cutting it in half and ate that bagel half with 1 scrambled egg with 1 slice of cheese .
then i was craving pizza and found out that its only around 300 calories a slice so i ended up having a couple slices iinstead of the 5 i usually would eat because it was so damn good .
i 've gone from 266 pounds to 255 and although i 've been stuck the past couple weeks since i havent been able to work out because i have a bad work schedule but i still go home exhausted because i do home therapy with autistic kids and end up walking around once a day with the kid i work with or he wants to go outside and run around with his 4 dogs on his breaks from work so i end up joining and jogging a bit to keep up .
i 've been sticking to a 1500 calorie meal plan except on my cheat days which are usually saturdays after work when i go out with a friend and eat like an entire meal at a restaurant and basically lick a plate clean .
i just wanted to thank everyone for all the help and advice !
hi i purchased eyeglasses online and had tint added to it .
it appears it has developed the issues found in this post
does anyone know what can be done to repair ?
i think it came from leaving it in the car heat but i purchased glasses from them before also left it in the car and this has never happened .
the swirls definitely blur my vision but the frames are completely new .
i do n't like the fact that we have bo1 games .
i do n't like the fact that there are so much ads and downtime during matches .
i do n't like the production value and the constant de-syncing of the audio stream .
i do n't like the fact that there are only two groups and a playoff bracket starting at the semifinals .
i hate the fact that the finals is bo3 .
this is by far the worst major '' ever .
maybe i should just calm down and buy a benz .
look for the kik group stratusfaction in the public groups and join now .
trade everything trish from pics and videos all the way to fakes and nip slip .
i 've not been much of an anime watcher but death note was brilliant .
i love a good cerebral thriller or anything with long plot heavy story arcs and an interesting premise .
does n't necessarily have to be a thriller could be a crime drama or a scifi .
i also like the more realistic animation style of the series .
feels like this would be a very interesting way to start the game off .
is it possible to create a sol-start where humanity starts off with a pretty significant mobile fleet and has to appease the rng gods to luck out on a future home for mankind ?
not sure what the limitations of sm/designer mode are but i figure
survey ships a few escorts up to a moderate low-tech combat squadron flag bridge w full tf staff on either a command ship or a proper carrier transports with construction brigades and assorted ground units fuel tankers cryo-trans carrying as much pop as you feel would be feasible and a jg constructor to reactivate dormant jg 's '' on discovered jps .
i rp as mankind ca n't possibly build jg 's we just find 'em and poke 'em until they turn on
figure a supply ship would be wise as well .
it 'd be very very intriguing to rp such a start where mankind has to literally start from the ground-up in whatever rng worlds they might find and make due with what the universe provides .
bonus points for turning npr generation up to 100 and struggling to assert human survival in the face of not-so-friendly xenos .
bastion on the payload rein protecting him mercy and bastion healing him d.va eating any damage that might get through the shield and road and 76 just picking people off as they try to focus bastion .
plus with the mercy rez change it makes is so even if you do manage to kill bastion he is almost always able to be rezzed and the whole thing starts over again .
does anyone know where i could find photos from inside warehouse ritz neo garage and similar legendary chicago/ny/detroit clubs ?
should be going to graduate level business school but he 's wasting away on random details .
he 's looking at at least two more years on contract .
would this be the best time to just go ahead and fail despite being super fit ?
i 'm just trying to look out for them .
they belong on the trading floors of wall street .
guy has taught classes on day trading options and all kinds of shit i 've only seen a few people understand before .
it 's a disservice for him to stay in .
or will docs trying to find some medical reason for failure be not worth it ?
i got ac origins super mario and was able to pre order the iphone x but my pockets do n't seem quite right
and im at the point where there are just too many games to play
i just finished rise of the tomb raider and seek my next chapter .
considering dishonored 2 never finished the first one is that alright ?
im a big believer in playing games in order and i feel like im so behind in games since i lost my consoles to a thief ... xbox and ps4 gone cry
dark souls 1 2 and 3. i hear great things
i cant start dishonored 2 without beating 1 . driving me nuts and same goes for dark souls
besides main stream games i am interested in low key games but reading reviews and ratings nowadays is ... complicated
i hate the taste but i need the energy .
i 'm on my second red bull and it is too much .
life would be easier if i could have just a little cup of coffee instead of the chemical sugary stuff i drink .
even tho it will be selling low and buying high
what do you guys think about selling all my bat and buy vertcoin today even tho i bought bat at 0.24 now 0.14 and vertcoin is now closing up on 4 ?
my thoughts is that either way vertcoin has brighter days/weeks ahead .
wolfenstein ii is coming later on switch but the fact that it is scoring really well on other platforms bodes well for the switch version .
it probably wo n't be technically quite as good but i 'm guessing the action and story will still be explosive and fantastic and i 'm so excited ! !
it just can not download new firmware android app-failed to download desktop beta updater-firmware manifest coul not be retrieved .
i already tried basic troubleshooting power cycle bulb and router
support told me that there is no firmware update for a19 bulbs but there will be one in near feature .
with this release the v4 support library has been split into several smaller modules .
do n't miss this cool thing like i did .
before i returned my laptop i saved my fxp to an external .
130gb.. now when i go to open it its not the exact same story i had .
some of the clips are missing and its no in the same order i had them saved..
i also have backup '' folder that i guess final cut made but when i try to open it it wont let me ...
the passeur d'aurore creaked in the wind as it hugged the coast its sweet cargo surprisingly light in the hold .
she was bound for the north bearing a gift for the kernish with the compliments of the dukes of nantes and bordeaux themselves .
her captain scanned the horizon a small smile scarring his face as he took in the white crests of the waves .
the colours https i.imgur.com/nghsl8n.png of the angevin merchant navy snapped in the breeze as they made for the harbour at marazion .
the long guns of mont-saint-michel-no-not-that-one loomed over the merchant ship its own squat arcachon carronades seeming rather stubby in comparison .
the sea ... it was always the sea when it came down to it .
the angevins docked the harbour swarming with serfs and porters looking to make a few coins .
the captain tried to look as regal as he could as he made his way down the gangplank at the head of a convoy of sailors hauling big cheesecloth bags atop their shoulders but he could n't help but notice the hunger in the kernish eyes the chapped and blistered lips the thin arms the quieted spirits .
it reminded him too much of quimper in the dark days before the ascendancy .
the convoy marched forward the merchant marine taking up most of the harbour arm at four abreast each man carrying a sack or crate marked with the symbols of the ascendancy .
some bore the marque erminois of the breton regions others the fleur-de-lis and trees of bordeaux bayonne quercy and the like .
they were briefly halted at the market gates by an officious looking man wearing a bad suit and possessed of less teeth than a bare-knuckle boxer but this was solved by the angevins simply marching past him a shifted sack knocking his clipboard into someone 's bilge tank in a way that was definitely a complete accident .
it was all a bit theatrical yes but that was how they liked things get people watching and you get at least some of them buying .
the ship 's quartermaster hurried to the fore with a set of brass scales as the crates were lowered gently down forming a small fortress of pine boxes around him as though he were guarding against unscrupulous glasses-thieves .
the sacks soon followed behind him and as the first one was slit open the smell of the contents already drifting out over maravion the captain gave up the cry
applesauce 's appearance spans the spectrum from almost white to dark earthy brown and texture from chunky to smooth .
but i have given up labelling it since it constitutes 50 of the pantry .
i do label it if i 'm giving it away though obviously
it used to be afghanistan yellow on dark red but i changed my mind it should be the hammer and sicle from jdf 's lenin soviet union mod .
i am not sure if this is the right place to ask but i am making my first website to try and expand my knowledge of html and css
i am generally satisfied with the way it looks .
however when the user makes the browser window smaller the little positions of the element of the menu on the right get all different .
i suspect i may not have used the correct method to place this menu .
would someone be willing to have a look at my code i perhaps give me some advice ?
i made a screenshot of my html and css file
these halloween bundles are really good ... hibana is fucking terrifying
can the mods make a megathread grouping all the card reveals of the next expansion please ?
i 've always known much of my attitude toward alcohol comes from my mother .
she did not like to hear the word no .
i grew up privileged not with cars clothes or vacations but walked away from college and grad school with no student loans .
i adopted the idea that the world was mine and nothing could be should be denied including alcohol .
then i 'll sneak it because i will not be denied .
lately i 'm realizing the new power of the word no .
today on the treadmill i realize my husband would be out of the house for 45 minutes getting our daughter from school .
first thought i can run to the convenience store and get a bottle of wine .
i had my dog trained once and the trainer said she had a broken lever on her window .
then she got it fixed but it took her months to retrain herself to use the lever because she had trained herself so well to respond the opposite .
i get cranky i get tired sleep is disturbed during this process but i 'm learning i come out the other end more whole than i was before .
i 've checked all over europe i 'm based in denmark/uk and they 're sold out everywhere .
i do n't fancy my chances on a us/japan import .
without spoiling can anyone tell me hows the difficulty in this game compared to the rest of the franchise ?
i was looking for a cd/vinyl copy and i could n't find any .
i 've been here for 3 days now and i 've had no luck making repairs no luck finding help nothing .
i 'm stuck here and i guess i 'm going to have to make the best of it .
i 'm looking for an ally right now someone to act as a guide of sorts to help me navigate the current '' culture and technology someone i can trust and call on if need be .
i do n't have much to offer i am stranded so i have to make this work until i figure something out .
i have a functioning smartphone antiquated as it may be and i 'm using kik as my primary method of communication .
i have other technology with me but most of it does n't seem to work with this outdate infrastructure .
about me emily 30 female green eyes brown hair 5'2 '' 118lbs ethnocultivated caucasian i am an engineer and research scientist who was working with a team to establish auxilary control of a circuit of wormholes .
i have been working on the project for 3 years but when something went wrong i got stuck in this present timeline .
now my only hope is to fit in here or to find a way home .
the hope i do not intend to break character often but it can/may happen from time to time .
i would like this to be mostly chat back and forth not much setting the scene '' and such let 's just chat in character .
i do n't have a plan in mind so at this point i 'm more looking to develop the characters .
in the interest of full disclosure i have never done a successful rp before this is new for me but i have faith that i will get the hang of it .
send me your kik and a primer of how you 'd start things off .
im rocking an rx 480 with a f*cking pentium g3258-dual core and im running this game on ultra with 30-60 fps in battles and 40 in campaign ...
i imagine with a ryzen/i54 you can easily play it above 60 or even 8 .
so ignore the haters when i get bavck home i will post pictures
let us now consider the peculiar politics of harvey weinstein the disgraced movie producer .
today weinstein is in the headlines for an astonishing array of alleged sexual harassment and assaults but once upon a time he was renowned for something quite different his generous patronage of liberal politicians and progressive causes .
this leading impresario of awful was an enthusiastic supporter of barack obama and hillary clinton .
he was a strong critic of racism sexism and censorship .
he hosted sumptuous parties to raise money for the fight against aids .
in 2004 he was a prominent supporter of a women 's group called mothers opposing bush .
and in the aftermath of the terrorist attack against the french magazine charlie hebdo he stood up boldly for freedom of the press .
taking to the pages of variety weinstein announced that no one can ever defeat the ability of great artists to show us our world.
to call this man a hypocrite is to state the obvious .
this champion of women is now accused of sexual harassment on an epic scale .
this defender of the press was excellent at manipulating it and on one memorable occasion is said to have physically roughed up a reporter asking tough questions .
perhaps weinstein 's liberalism was a put-on all along .
and on election night in november 2008 weinstein could be found celebrating barack obama 's impending victory on the peculiar grounds that stock market averages will go up around the world.
the mogul 's liberalism could also be starkly militaristic .
on the release of his work of bald war propaganda seal team six he opined to cnn as follows
colin powell the best military genius of our time supports the president – supports president obama .
they respect this man for what he 's done .
he 's killed more terrorists in his short watch than george bush did in eight years .
in weinstein 's world politics often correlated with conspicuous displays of luxury goods – it was something you did on martha 's vineyard or on the riviera or in the hamptons toasting the candidate or raising money for the good cause .
here is a glimpse of a weinstein event for aids research held in cannes in 2000 as described by roger ebert
the private auction and the fashion show were followed by dinner and a public auction masterminded by miramax chief harvey weinstein who this year not only offered a massage by heidi klum but persuaded actors kenneth branagh and james caan to take off their shirts and act as subjects for a demonstration of her skills .
‘karl marx is dead ' observed the director james gray.
there are sleazebags in every party as donald trump frequently reminds us .
but even so harvey weinstein was unusual a militant and vocal backer of a faith he appears to have violated in the starkest way .
perhaps it was all about moral absolution in the same way that lists of corporations-that-care always turn out to be led by outfits like walmart goldman sachs and exxon-mobil .
in the world of the wealthy liberalism is something you do to offset your rapacious behavior in other spheres .
it 's no coincidence that in weinstein 's desperate first response to the accusations against him he thought to promise war against the national rifle association and to support scholarships for women .
most people on the left think of themselves as resisters of authority but for certain of their leaders modern-day liberalism is a way of rationalizing and exercising class power .
specifically the power of what some like to call the creative class by which they mean well-heeled executives in industries like wall street silicon valley and hollywood .
worshiping these very special people is the doctrine that has allowed democrats to pull even with republicans in fundraising and that has buoyed the party 's fortunes in every wealthy suburb in america .
that this strain of liberalism also attracts hypocrites like harvey weinstein with his superlative fundraising powers and his reverence for great artists should probably not surprise us .
remember too that weinstein is the man who once wrote an essay demanding leniency for roman polanski partially on the grounds that he too was a great artist .
this is a form of liberalism that routinely blends self-righteousness with upper-class entitlement .
that makes its great pronouncements from martha 's vineyard and the hamptons .
that routinely understands the relationship between the common people and showbiz celebrities to be one of trust and intimacy .
countless people who should have known better are proclaiming their surprise at harvey weinstein 's alleged abuses .
but in truth their blindness is even more sweeping than that .
they are lost these days in a hall of moral mirrors weeping tears of admiration for their own virtue and good taste .
i 'm looking for a total of 250 agc .
i will not trade more than 90 at a time per 24 hours .
if you want to sell please reply with your gcx profile before you pm me if you do not reply i will not answer your messages .
if you continue to send messages i will find myself in the need to report you to the mods .
you will go first if you have less rep than me .
also please be sure that your account is secure when you send me a message .
provide proof of where you got the gc from if possible .
if i cancel my pre-order from bestbuy and do it through sprint will i get my upgrade back as soon as i cancel bestbuys pre-order ?
hey guys i wanted to know if you guys have the same problem as me .
i downloaded some custom arenas and then when i go to create a show i cant select the arena even though it gives me the option to but when i click nothing happens and if i select one of the old custom arenas i downloaded before then there is no problem .
i was wondering if anyone knows what to do cause its a shame not being able to use these new arenas i downloaded .
also i tried deleting them and redownloaded them and still same issue .
or do i have to click on the cookie manually ?
i 'm creating a new account as my locality and route to flying is pretty identifying .
i 've looked forward to writing this post for a long time .
i 've always wanted to be a pilot and circumstances my own naiveté money kids life etc always seemed to hold me back .
after researching a metric shit-ton i finally decided to take the leap and follow my dreams .
in may i quit my job in it and started flying .
i decided to go through a 141 school sd state for two reasons i could get a student loan and i had access at least through the summer to a large number of planes and instructors .
my first flight as a student pilot was may 9th .
i took my ppl checkride on june 30 after a delay for weather and a delay for illness .
apparently high stress can cause shingles even in a 36 year old .
everything in the checkride went really well all my maneuvers were within stanadards and i headed back to the airport for landings .
i was making radio calls but not hearing anything on ctaf .
that should have been a warning 122.8 is a pretty busy frequency in sd .
as i called downwind i saw another plane ahead of me and realized my volume was set to 0 .
i elected to stay in the pattern and see how things went .
right as i turned final i felt that the plane in front of me was too close and elected to go around .
and i failed the ride at that point since i was still fairly high i did n't add full power before taking out flaps which was an automatic failure for the ride .
i think calling the go-around so early when all my training go-arounds had been right above the runway just got me all screwed up .
it was a dumb mistake and i learned from it .
i went home pretty furious with myself retrained with my instructor and finished the ride the next day with no problems .
my instrument took about a month i completed the checkride for ir on august 1st after about a 10 day 's delay waiting for all the 141 bureaucracy .
instrument flying for me was always pretty logical which made learning it fairly easy and fun .
i had one small hiccup in the checkride the dpe told me to divert to an airport and i chose an iaf that added about 20 minutes onto the flight .
at this point i had about 90 hours total time and three weeks until school started and i lost my nearly unlimited access to planes and instructors .
i pushed as hard as i could but ended the summer at about 165 hours .
i finished up the required flights for the 141 syllabus and still needed about 20 hours to meet the required 190 hours to be graduated from the 141 course so i booked any time available and did whatever kind of cross-country i could in the time available .
it was n't the most valuable flying time but i still got to fly !
once school started i was only able to get an hour or two at a time where i was able to fly most of the day during the summer .
that made my final 25 hours take almost as long as the first 165 .
those 10 days i lost in july would have saved me months once school started .
finally on october 25th i took my cpl checkride .
it started at 1:00 so i had the whole morning to review my notes and be nervous .
the examiner showed up and i was on my way .
the oral went way better than i had anticipated and we jumped in the plane .
since i started flying i 've thought one of the scariest parts of a checkride was just starting the plane .
finally defeated i looked at the examiner and asked if i was doing something stupid .
finally our chief mechanic probably feeling sorry for me came out and got us going .
and then i headed back to the airport to do landings .
i had always done pretty well with power off 180 's and shortfield landings so i was confident i was on the downhill slope .
the king air glider tailwheel pulling the glider rv-8 and 172 also in the pattern turned what i thought was going to be the easy part into a ... less than easy situation .
my short field landing went well i had to extend my downwind a bit to allow for traffic .
the tailwheel in the pattern behind me had to go around because we were too close .
i took off and got set up for the power off 180 one more landing and i had my cpl .
i 'm watching the tail-wheel i can see this is n't going to work .
he starts his turn to final right as i 'm abeam the thousands so i ca n't cut power and start me turn in front of him .
i tell the dpe i ca n't do the maneuver and i can do a soft field landing instead if he 'd like .
he says that 's fine and we set up for that then do a go-around .
all good now it 's time for the power off 180 .
except there 's another plane in the pattern once again on the runway as i start my descent .
the next time the runway is clear but i 'm set up not quite right and come in too high .
this time everything is working perfectly and i nail it .
as i 'm taxiing off the dpe tells me that any one of my landings would have worked and i did a great job .
i take my mel ride on sunday if the weather cooperates .
going from 0 hours in may to my cpl has been an awesome stressful humbling experience .
this community has been a huge help the write-ups the discussions everything .
for all those other lurkers that are probably it guys thinking of changing careers it 's possible .
it 's not cheap your spouse if you have one has to be a saint and it 's a ton of work but it 's absolutely worth it .
i 've gone from dreading the next day every night at bedtime to waking up checking the weather and hoping i get to fly .
now it 's time to find a career that hopefully will give me a good balance of qol and money .
it enables you to transfer borrow and trade in any fiat currency anywhere .
similar to omg it offers mobile payment remittance and b2b services .
everex is also focused on the micro-lending market this is their largest difference and advantage .
everex partners https i.imgur.com/651bifp.jpg notice viewfin the parent company of rising star metaverse etp
this is not a full run-down on everex you can visit their website and read the whitepaper for a lot more information .
what i will share are what i think are some of the bigger and lesser known things to get excited about .
the things that made me want to invest in evx .
they 've completed a successful pilot of their cross-border remittance system already with transfers between myanmar and thailand .
the pilot was from november 2016 they 're already well into their roadmap with plans for many other countries https www.coindesk.com/press-releases/100-migrant-workers-test-blockchain-remittance-thailand
they were selected by bangkok bank in thailand for their innohub accelerators program .
people got excited about omg 's investment from krungsi bank of ayudhya in thailand .
well check out the ranking of banks in thailand https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_banks_in_thailand thai_commercial_and_retail_banks
bangkok bank is 1 with nearly 50 billion more in assets than krungsi .
first within the micro-lending program it is used for staking on borrowers for interest payment and staking as collateral .
evx is also used as a governance token with various voting rights such as voting on how much percentage of revenue is used to buyback tokens .
which reminds me everex will buy back tokens quarterly from revenues from their various services including the remittance service .
with such a low token supply these tokens are going to become increasingly valuable only 16,500,000 evx circulating supply .
one you probably know already ethplorer which you 'll see inside myetherwallet
they have actual working products already everex was among the first teams to build applications on ethereum and have years of experience in the blockchain space .
that really gives me a lot of confidence in the company .
the team is also active in getting listed on exchanges .
they applied for and sent the fee to bittrex in august .
do n't be surprised if evx is listed there in the near future this is pure speculation .
i 'm an ex-pat living in thailand who uses the bx thailand exchange .
they do n't add a lot of thai currency/token pairs .
they recently added an everex pair a couple of weeks ago .
the last time i saw this sort of volume and hype building up for a token was omg .
this exchange had massive volume for omg back when it was cheap i apologize for mentioning omg so much but it will no doubt always be a comparison .
i 'm not guaranteeing it 's the next omg but i think everex is very undervalued and has a lot of potential .
do your own research and feel free to leave any comments or questions .
due to the torture that theon endured at the hands of ramsey he transformed into a completely different character one who was submissive and constantly terrified .
i am genuinely wondering if other characters had to suffer the same fate as theon would the results be the same ?
i am specifically interested in how jon would fare .
would he submit try to kill himself try to kill ramsey ?
let me know who you think could withstand the torture and who you think would deteriorate into reek .
160 140 20 interest to be paid back on 11/17 .
it was pretty obvious that alaska won that one .
courtney made it look like she half-assed her performance seemingly accepting that she would be eliminated .
alaska gave ru a quick nod before going to the back .
courtney act you had a bumpy ride here but let me assure you that it 'll be smooth sailing from here on out !
courtney said waving to her sisters giving bianca and alaska tight hugs .
it was now the ball challenge and everyone was hyped up to finally be at the end of the season .
we 're so close to the end and i still have n't lipsynced !
sharon and jinkx raised their hands with jinkx saying not for long !
it 's a sewing challenge and i 'm probably going to fail ! ''
i won the first and the last sewing challenge in my season ! ''
whether you 're golden girl or just plain honored to get nominated america 's next drag superstars always brings the looks if needed no matter what event ! ''
it was ru who gave them their final challenge .
for your last maxi challenge you will be attending three distinguished award ceremonies and create looks for all of them !
the queens gave ooh 's and aww 's but jinkx was just worried .
i am so scared for what this might hold .
i could lose this challenge and maybe even get eliminated !
three categories you 'll have to create looks for are first category is .
teen diva awards where you must dress like teen idols !
diva dc press awards where you must pull out executive realness looks !
diva hollywood extravaganza awards where you are expected to wear their most glamorous looks ! ''
the queens nodded and nodded then ru gave out a twist .
since this seems to easy for you '' the word easy made the queens playfully shout disagreements at ru i 'll throw in a twist .
i do n't think the rest of these girls are too !
gentlemen start your engines and may the best woman win !
the queens started working on their looks and alaska had a bad feeling about hers .
i kinda want to go very avant-garde with my final look .
something less glamor and more alaska you know ? ''
ru explicitly stated that the last look was glamor not bowery . ''
i 'm really confused on what to do right now !
i do n't want to be in the bottom but i feel like my last look might put me in it !
on the other side of the room was bianca and ben who noticed that bianca was almost finished with hers .
yep just like last time '' bianca answered with some snark .
ben took a look and gave a short sigh which bianca immediately noticed .
yeah and sasha won because of her challenges not because of that lipsync ! ''
why would i fix what is n't broken ? ''
speaking of fix why do n't you fix your garment will ya ? ''
ben retracted into creating her dress as bianca made the finishing touches on hers .
i do n't why these bitches will continue on in nitpicking what i do !
here 's the poll to decide on the queens ' performances .
i mean seriously any post that is n't an overpay or a quicksell or wz or tw apex/octane gets barely any traction or attention .
trading for items you actually want is a fucking nightmare .
got the spiralis settled on a crimson magic missile instead
is it really mobile that is keeping this big budget broadcast in 720p ?
many of us are viewing this on 1440p or higher monitors .
how is a community streamer '' doing 1080p 60 but for the 5th year in a row wcs is not 1080p 60 see https imgur.com/a/yf2rt
i have a friend m20 that i 've f18 been seeing for about 8 months now .
we have n't defined the relationship but we definitely feel strongly about each other .
i was thinking about surprising him by lightning candles in the room and putting on a pair of stockings which he 's told me he really likes .
in your opinion is this too romantic for only knowing someone 8 months and not being in a defined relationship ?
tl dr want to light candles and wear a little lingerie for guy i 've known for about 8 months .
i dont have the legend but i was thinking m is for medium and s is for small .
if that is the case then the terrapin is mixed up
nobody talking about 5 minutes ago when ola was on net and called offside yet atlanta passed him the ball .
yeah just from breathing and also a decent dose of radiation a toxic soup of vocs and god knows what else .
i was miserable and working on all these shitbag car dealerships on one family of dealerships and none of the accountants '' were cooperating when the cfo has the nerve to call me and the manager into the room and chew us out for being incompetent when his controller '' a clerk of probably 40 years who just got the bump at some point was incapable of providing reconciliations 5 months after year end namely inventory .
because who fucking cares what vehicles are on the lot anyway ?
then i went to a friend 's going away she turned me onto her cushy industry gig just under 30 pay raise and i was like yeah get me out of here .
it was a regional firm but i was done dealing with these idiot clients who made twice as much as me to not do their job and treat me and my staff like we took pleasure in travelling a few hours for them to not have shit for us to audit .
like we 're supposed to close their books too or just go well nothing to test no exceptions by definition ! ''
then why are you complaining that berbatov 's opinion is upvoted ?
i 've already seen other footballers or coaches like ferguson quotes about their preference for ronaldo upvoted stop pretending that r/soccer is biased against ronaldo
he was a great man who always had the best interests of humanity at heart .
the reaper pickaxe rotated out about 20 minutes ago .
not sure if it was a one time thing or if it will come back .
indiana jones and the last crusade in the prologue where he says holy smokes !
i was hungriest 2-3 weeks after the sleeve then it subsides .
that dictator harrison made us play a terrible song against our own will and anyone who did n't comply with her orders were sent to the chambers .
many of my good stronk brothers have died from that bloodthirsty dictator .
ah i see all of his post on the front page makes sense
play store compatibility has been pushed to my acer 14 .
moreover he 's an outfit repeater geoff is too but still .
subscribe to headgum https youtube.com/headgum like us on facebook ... ''
but that 's literally me i grew up with extremely partisan parents who hated reagan so i had no ill feelings towards russia .
it was becoming an adult as putin took over and then retroactively educating myself about the horrors of the soviet regime that i started to realize that the cold war a was real and the us was n't just the bad guy in it and b it did n't really end .
but even without the horrible soviet history putin 's russia should be seen by anyone who identifies as left-of-center as a human-rights-abusing shitshow .
my guess is that this represents people switching to 4 and 5g tethering bandwidth is juuust enough .
cable internet prices are too high when those data plan rates start looking good .
not to mention the cable part is more redundant when paired to internet vs. phone service .
if that guy is a reporter '' i 'm a fucking nfl quarterback .
the burger place you 're thinking of may be dyer 's on beale street in memphis .
they strain the oil that they deep-fry their burgers in and never change it .
yea well when they eventually breakup hopefully and when you tell him how you really feel .
the first thing he 's going to say is why the fuck did you never say anything to me ''
in a there are good people on both sides in charlottesville '' sort of way ?
we look a bit ugly out there though lol .
when teams guard us hard all the way out to the 3 line we are pretty impotent .
i 've never felt worse for matt murray than i did just a minute ago when patrik laine was wheeling it up being defended by ryan reaves
i guess penguins fans are back to defending ryan reaves which seems silly but sort of makes sense because he does n't do any defending himself
i 'd love to know what was replaced when .
just asked if there was any other info about the show he did n't know what i was talking about .
if atmos sold it under the atmos brand i have tried it .
i 've tried atmos 's with both the early red hot coil covered by a ceramic screen and ones that only have a ceramic plate visible .
i agree that the more people who quit smoking the better .
i disagree with telling people that a true vaporizer can be had for under 100 .
or at least giving people the impression that the level of vapor quality such machines put out is as good as it gets.
if you tell someone that and they hate their sub 100 vape in my experience when you bring up vaporizing with such people they 'll either say it does n't work for me or the only time it worked for me was one time when i was at a party and someone showed up with a volcano.
habs have been demoted to the browns of the nfl
people have a right to defend themselves without being skulled that 's the whole point of the fucking skull system fucktard .
in a world where everything has to get quicker and faster we decided to slow things down .
now you can spend more time admiring our innovative design while using your iphone .
if you stick your foot under the shooter it 's a flagrant .
there was n't even two posts when i made that comment but i appreciate you pointing out the new one .
i really enjoyed the optimism and positivity in it .
can i ask was it always like this for you ?
was there ever a time when your libido was higher than it is now ?
how many times do you hear about people moving to a new state or a new country just to be where no one knew them pre transition ?
what about those people who would never get found because they are n't using a current photo or the correct pronouns or even the correct name ?
there is a reason when people go missing they ask for the most recent photo .
the fact is people do n't give a shit about trans people .
people do n't fucking care abs the proof is right here .
i always manage to arrive right at the end of ftf threads .
not biased except that houston has a qb and the jags do n't which makes it hard to definitively rank the jags ahead of them .
note i bet on the jags to win the afc south after they had beaten houston so obv i share your view .
right i fork over the money because i want a reliable way to watch at work as the games start here on the west coast at 4pm .
i 've noticed that in general phase is focusing on maxing regen and not taking many defensive cards .
so she might have health but not much armor .
shinbi is too mobile and phase will just pull her away if she needs to bail so you 'd probably waste time going for her .
if you do find your team falls apart encourage everyone to wait to respawn and group up and just hold off the the push as best you can but do n't throw yourself away .
what will happen is you 'll end up falling in a snowball where your team keeps feeding kills because it 's 1 or 2 v 3 .
a quick look at your cube shows ash zealot as your only r r card .
do you find that she gets played often or sits in the sideboard a lot ?
when she is played is she more impactful than a comparable 1 r creature ?
do you find that she is a nice pay-off for being either mono-red or close to it ?
comparable cards at 1 r include war-name aspirant and aether chaser .
are you happy with the r r restriction vs. these two in particular ?
to look at it from the other perspective have you ever considered adding more r r cards to your cube ?
in particular searing blood and searing blaze seem to fill a role that you otherwise do n't have a card for at the moment the closest that you run is arc trail .
the actor says he bought it at a thrift store so there 's no help there .
i already know you can buy a t-shirt with the pattern on it but i was hoping someone could help me find the sweater itself .
everything the kurds have been doing to minorities for generations is the act of terrorism .
turkmen arab and assyrian minorities have been committing suffering at the hands of the illegal kurdish occupation .
barzani is a despot who is intent on tearing apart iraq and now hopefully the iraqi army can push towards arbil .
the rule of you peshmerga gangsters has ended in kirkuk .
of course i support anything the iraqi army does against you .
iraq is my country and i will never accept some incompetent nepotistic thugs like the krg to secede and tear us apart .
as long as you 're getting hide you should be able to make a rawhide set before the butcher .
i guess we have n't had someone good enough to do that until jk came through
a painless exam by a dental specialist will allow you to relax and sleep again .
ps stop doing the things you think might be giving you these worrisome lesions .
not that special get yourself a shovel and a pick and you there boo
i was thinking 2x12 mounted across more than one stud and bolts and nuts holding the pulleys instead of just being screwed into the studs .
i 'm gon na go with the biggest eye bolts i can get at lowe's/home depot .
if i ca n't find something 250 or more i 'll order them online .
yes it succeeded because france the amazing country that they are helped us out a fuck ton .
not to mention the spanish 's and the dutch 's great contribution aswell .
there 's a few other countries that pitched in too but those were the main two .
that has no bearing on why the colonists started it in the first place .
they started it out of a dream for a greater country ruled by freedom and controlled by the people .
an idea that emerged from an initial complaint about britain 's bullshit which turned into the all out revolt we know today .
your comment is accurate and well written but unnecessary .
tony snell just looks like a player from the 60 's so much that throwback jersey is perfect .
stargue i could get there and back again pretty quickly with them .
the best ones are enchantress spider man 2099 agent venom and carnage but carnage only really works as a t2 .
the other three are good as t1 and i do n't have them as a t2 so i ca n't help you choose ...
probably the ufc store is best or you can check to see if she has her own website where she sells stuff at .
so bulls fans who do you want most in the draft ?
do you really think i have a good opinion of russia just because i respect kaspersky 's ability to identify computer threats ?
this is where i might be shit out of luck .
it was actually a brand new carpet before i moved in .
so although i vacuumed it before moving out it does n't look as good as it did a year ago .
no food or water stains ... but my furniture left a dark indent mark on the carpet .
i argue that it 's ordinary wear and tear .
the landlord does n't think it 's wear and tear .
unfortunately the laws in ca are very vague in this area .
a landlord does n't have to prove negligence or anything like that .
it 's really up to a judge to decide and it definitely goes against me that the carpet was only a year old .
i did n't think 4 bucks would make or break your budget
i remember very vividly he said to me i 'll eat it if i can keep it '' that 's all i know guys .
check out terrifying time loop the man trapped in constant deja vu http www.bbc.com/news/uk-30927102
brain scans appeared normal suggesting the cause was psychological rather than neurological .
'' one idea is that deja vu is a sort of 'brain twitch ' .
just as we get muscle spasms or eye twitches it could be that the bit of your brain which sends signals to do with familiarity and memory is firing out of turn '' he says .
he says this fits with evidence that deja vu is more frequently experienced by people with epilepsy and dementia .
tuollaiset kuka hullu suomessa yrittäisi '' jutut on yleensä joidenkin keskenkasvuisten kokoomusnuorten ajatuksia .
omassa lähipiirissä on kyllä paljon korkeakoulutettuja jotka ovat muuttaneet suomesta ulkomaille tai ovat muuttamassa .
itse näen tämän ihan positiivisena ilmiönä noin ylipäätään ja ajattelen että muuttoliike ylipäätään heijastuu positiivisesti kansantalouteenkin .
mutta se on ongelma jos homma on kovin epäbalanssissa esim .
the fash have a saying where will you hide when the revolution comes '' antifash was always slated to hunt fash and extract them from their holes we know their markings and the sound of their call that 's all we need like a true hunter we will root them out find their water holes and do what hunters do .
the link you submitted does not point to a valid github repository .
if you think that this is a mistake please contact the mods .
while you 're waiting for someone to answer check out these resources
quick start guide an easy way to get started with weight loss https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/quick_start_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
i know i 'm applauding your brave courage in shedding light on a topic everyone else is too afraid to mention constantly every single minute of every single day .
so the people that have bad/low mitochondria due to a borderline manganese deficiency wo n't have any decreased cancer susceptibility from healthier mitochondria ?
sorry but from what i know of the causes of cancer everyone will benefit from a ban on roundup .
i ca n't even order mine yet because sprint is the worse company ever ...
it 'll be my family i 'll be annoying .
it does a good work for external switches and i 'll be buying those once i have everything setup .
but what i 'm looking for at the moment are internal switches or whatever they 're called not good with the terminology .
used in connecting fans or tubelights and stuff which connects directly to electricity and not without a charger .
are these kinds of products available in us for cheap .
i have a friend who 's travelling to us within the next two weeks .
so i could ask him to tag it along with him .
i was up for about that long post release before i was idling .
these are the kind of people who watched the nancy grace show .
do n't take this the wrong way but what the fuck is wrong with you ?
just do what ever the fuck you find fun ...
if you find pvm fun do that if you find skilling fun do that .
feeling like you need to be the most efficient leveller possible is why there is such rage about mtx in this community .
am i the only lunatic left on earth who plays games for fun and just does whatever they feel like ?
it received an award for best novel of the 20th century .
fun quotes last night i dreamt i went to manderley again . ''
the narrator imagined a forest taking over the mansion ... one last quote regarding mr. de winter that 's pretty interesting ... he remembers ... i can tell by the way he will look lost and puzzled suddenly all expression dying away from his dear face as though swept clean by an unseen hand and in its place a mask will form a sculptured thing formal and cold beautiful still but lifeless . ''
if you just bought a ps4 this is an amazing first buy .
becoming a prop comic increases curl definition and prevents frizz .
sprint site is down ... orders are n't being taken until 3am central time
lol okay op is building a budget build where he obviously does n't care about aesthetics .
i doubt he is going to make any changes based off what is the ugliest part of the build and what really annoys you .
there are also many other good jrpgs in snes like ff iv v and vi .
does anyone have a picture of valkyrie 's tattoo or recognise what it was based on at all ?
my friend loved it but because the film 's only just been released there 's nothing about it on the internet yet .
if anyone knows about that tattoo it 'll be someone on reddit d
eh the bad language '' angle is always pretty transparent .
banning books that condemn racism for featuring racism is basically dipshit catnip .
for the people who have successfully placed their orders what does the email you got say your shipping method is ?
i selected 2 days when i was checking out but the email says 7 days .
also is it possible to call them and have the delivery address changed ?
the default address was my home 3 hours away and not my college but i wanted to check out as fast as possible so i did n't change it .
so that means there are no hard counters in this game ?
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
you 'll have to excuse me when i do n't believe that on the same cube there were 2 shades of red ...
no i read it as they 're processing them as fast as they can so expect an update on your order soon .
nothing you can do about it so i 'm not worried..
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/oct/25/electric-cars-emit-50-less-greenhouse-gas-than-diesel-study-finds reduced by 71 .
electric cars emit significantly less greenhouse gases over their lifetimes than diesel engines even when they are powered by the most carbon intensive energy a new report has found .
in poland which uses high volumes of coal electric vehicles produced a quarter less emissions than diesels when put through a full lifecycle modelling study by belgium 039 s vub university .
co2 reductions on europe 039 s cleanest grid in sweden were a remarkable 85 falling to around one half for countries such as the uk .
quot on average electric vehicles will emit half the co2 emissions of a diesel car by 2030 including the manufacturing emissions quot said yoann le petit a spokesman for the t e think tank which commissioned the study .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/791rzh/electric_cars_emit_50_less_greenhouse_gas_than faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.65 235977 tl drs so far . ''
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords emissions 1 electric 2 study 3 battery 4 vehicle 5
lmao good pull i just did 6 elites got nothing
yeah it was fantastic my local cinema showed it for one night only !
i think turning point '' had a free demo on the xbox360 and if i remember correctly that game had shit gun play .
based on a quick skim it 's pretty interesting .
the system seems well thought out and at first glance sound .
the main issue i see is that the number of full nodes that can participate is limited adding a new full node requires every full node to do more work so it does n't scale to large numbers of nodes .
how much that matters depends on whether you could build a light-client type system around it .
got one coming on the 3rd my 6 plus was due for an upgrade .
i was hopping up and down when i saw those buildings .
i do n't remember hearing about stranger things filming around here but i know they filmed mindhunter in the area i wonder if they secretly filmed that part then ...
or maybe i 'm just completely wrong i dunno .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
took me about a year to really get comfortable in nuke .
my 11/3 delivery has a serial number listed that should mean it 's already made i hope .
i was curious if it was shipments for those 2 weeks out or still producing them looks like nobody has a serial number past 11/3 date
they do allow both since they come unlocked if paid in full .
the catch is that you need a sprint account to order one
he 's just a farmable option for a res leader skill and his damage is not too bad .
2mon fl is easier to rune since you only need two mons super tanky .
4mon fl reduces the chances of your fl suddenly wiping .
real question is did you get that spine right ?
you will be added to the voting chamber and sheets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mhol if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm really worried about this as i have a lot of the risk factors for it .
reading about other older virgins having a difficult time makes me more concerned about it even though i 'm educated enough to know that it should n't hurt and have my own liberal views on sex .
losing virginity seems like it 's worse the older you get .
yep mine just went out too around 20-25 minutes after i placed my order .
to celebrate the arrival of destiny 2 the official ...
it depends on how the money is used though .
russia probably spends a bit of money on the internet trolls bot brigades and fabricating fake news which seems to have influenced the us election noticeably .
that sort of spending is n't disclosed either and might be too difficult to include when analysing the effect of money on elections .
practice alone does n't make for gains in skill skillful practice does .
practice with new skills and unfamiliar techniques as much as possible and your possibilities will stretch so much faster .
i think the previous comment was a bit harsh .
but it 's true in that until you become a happier/better person or whatever you were not for her you would just be wasting your time and hers
get out of your depression get your shit together and then if you still want her try again .
hopefully your on the team that maintains gym control before the raid starts .
my real tips are take your time catching him and hes alot farther back than he looks .
remember with all the excitement i 've watched many people waste balls just walk away from the crown relax you have plenty of time .
set your circle his attack is fast so watch a few before hand to get a feel for when to throw .
i still remember the day of the mother 3 siege on starmen.net where we got together to populate miiverse with posts asking for a translation of the game .
everyone wanted to show that there was still a fanbase but also wanted to convey the idea that we were mature .
do n't spam the community with contentless or low-effort posts !
the goal is to show nintendo how dedicated not annoying mother fans are !
just wanted to say we should keep this up and just try to ignore the people that post ridiculous things like this https ssl-forum-files.fobby.net/forum_attachments/0040/8405/bad_miiverse_post.png .
an enforcer just told me to look at screens .
not wanting to overthrow assad in syria or in general opposing the actions of the same global elite power structure that you claim to oppose .
the irony is only heightened by the recent jfk disclosures .
let me guess because putin because is a bad guy crimea human rights corruption whatever .
well then if thats your metric then i hate to brake it to you but just about every world leader needs to be removed .
judging by your arrogant response i 'll take a guess that you 're still holding onto the russia hacked the dnc and gave the files to wikileaks '' narrative despite every ounce of evidence pointing to the contrary .
i 'm sure russia hacked the dnc as did every other nation with a brain .
but if you really think they would then leak the information in order to try and elect an underdog candidate who would then expose their corruption schemes vs. holding that information as blackmail like many did with bill then you 're either a shill or just plain ignorant .
are you truly too dense to see that the sanctions on russia who supplies pretty much all of europe 's natural gas impact our allies more than russia ... or are you just so blinded by a dualistic world-view that you ca n't look past trump anyone holding any office .
here 's an article if you 're too lazy http www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-russia-sanctions-germany/germany-threatens-retaliation-if-u-s-sanctions-harm-its-firms-iduskbn197156 ? utm_campaign=trueanthem 3a+trending+content utm_content=59440fbf04d3015bb5cd608e utm_medium=trueanthem utm_source=facebook
yeah the leader of the most powerful country is scared shitless '' probably a lot easier to live in absolute black and white than to take the time to understand the important gray areas as that would require actual critical thinking and self-assessment
it 's in the area between gammage west and the farmer education building right along the road with the shade structure with all of the production posters .
i got banned and stampeded with downvotes when i posted this to r/bitcoin lol
sorry she did n't consult you before deciding how to get her hair cut .
also in tx but i got the apple store app to load at 2:05 by force closing/reloading .
doomfist was ruined the moment he was revealed as a bland stoic black dude rather than a hype black dude everyone wanted .
cricket bats break quite easily if you 've got a hammer to bash a nail in i 'd stick with the hammer .
i recognize his request to relinquish his mantle and furthermore proclaim that we never speak his name henceforth .
we shall refer to his works as being produced by that rob guy whose last name we may not speak . ''
fyi fastest ships in the game are now t3d which can go 14km/s with overheated ded 50mn mwd .
few day ago i see a sorc ilvl428 using it too he is 1 shot me ilvl451
just for a friend where we can find memeslash script ?
that isn t actually that bad ... ..if he already used w to gap close then going as far away from shadows is mandatory .
you can even force him into your team and force him to retreat asap
eu kr and cn will have their sights on winning the whole thing .
i feel na should be at least trying to get into top 4 surely ?
i could understand for la anz and sea but na is a major region .
the weakest major region sure but a major region nonetheless .
any newsagent corner shop petrol station or supermarket that sells cigarettes .
i never cheated on my most recent partner but sometimes i wonder if that 's what all the space and time '' requests were for .
we do n't talk at all for good reason i 'm a crazy ex .
so i do n't know what he 's doing or what he 's up to .
i do however know that as soon as things were done he unblocked and followed the same girls i had asked him to unfollow and block .
i do n't think a happy relationship is one where you feel insecure .
i thought i was the most beautiful girl in the world .
we call on the nation to fight against daylight savings time and the nation rises up .
this week 's episode is brought to you by hello fresh ! ''
other possible explanations for the findings included surgeons being tired in the morning or their own body clock affecting their surgical skill particularly if they are not morning people '' .
but prof staels said the researchers had gone to great lengths to show that the difference in survival rates was not down to the surgeons .
but i 'm still not sure i understand how the randomised surgery schedule nullifies effects from the surgeons .
ugh i have 3 of the first 4 on this thread .
ahh nice to see that alt-righters and race realists still depend on key scientific work done in the first decade of the century ... .
the last century obviously but at least it 's only the last one right ?
rikkaimman prosentin varallisuus on noussut esimerkiksi amerikassa aivan naurettavan paljon siinä missä keskiluokan ostovoima ei ole käytännössä noussut yhtään .
monien kouluttamattomien työntekijöiden asema on heikentynyt merkittävästi koska hyvin palkatut työt tehtaat kaivokset osat vaihtuneet heikosti palkattuihin töihin siivoja poliisi .
nämä ilmiöt ovat edesauttaneet erittäin vahvasti trumpia brexitiä ja nyt
what sort of monster tries to deprive a kitten of a sweater
do n't worry mate just people trying to be politically correct .
my guess for the third largest at this time is either the guild or the irregulars with it more likely to be the former .
before someone points it out the source on the fallen being the fourth largest comes from a 2012-dated prt document which means the irregulars would be in consideration for this discussion .
reminds me of that story of the guy having dinner at his gf 's house for the first time pretending not to know what a potato is
too bad the white survived but a very cool idea nonetheless lol
i mean i know they are busy doing shit but it literally takes them maybe 10 minutes
just in case you do not know about it new mitx from asus should be out sometime by the end of october 2017 november 2017.2 variants x370 and b350 chipsets .
i am quite curious about the pricing because i almost bought asrock b350 board
it 's usually the scalloped hammerhead and it 's mostly younger sharks that form larger schools adults are solitary in pairs or in smaller schools .
we call on the nation to fight against daylight savings time and the nation rises up .
this week 's episode is brought to you by hello fresh ! ''
oh i see that 's a little underwhelming but hey !
yep i love the summon for it i also love the whole phoenix vibe that rises when you die it 's just great .
however it also seems that you did n't read the articles .
the headlines themselves are vague and sensationalized but in the articles they are much more specific .
what they say is that white house deputy press secretary lindsay walters hardly an outsider told them that while most of the files would be released it was expected that trump would block the release of files from the 1990 's due to the methods used to gather the information still being a matter of national security .
this was the story given in both of the articles in your screenshot .
i ca n't speak as to whether that reasoning is true but that is exactly what trump just did .
released most of the files but held back some to be reviewed for effects on national security .
so again while the headlines were bad the articles you sited did not claim that trump would block the release in full .
never gon na happen gordon 's a total moron and one suspension away from never playing again .
dude i just picked up a replica world series jersey from some dude on offer up .
not sure if they were fake or not cause this would be a really good quality fake if it is .
you jump in use step elbow sweep and do your v-skill overhead a lot .
these are all powerful tools but they are very very unsafe which is why you 're taking a lot of damage .
you should use matches to practice some laura basics .
for example try to land crouching medium kick into light bolt charge the elbow special .
if it hits or it 's blocked do a normal throw .
it 'll help you with your spacing and timing under match conditions .
do n't worry about winning or losing you can try it in casuals if you 're worried about the points .
once you feel comfortable with that go back to playing like regular .
mix up your play sessions with drills like this and playing like you normally would .
however let the strike continue past 0:00 into minus numbers .
you do n't get nf reward but you can still complete the strike .
you may think it 's pointless but you can work out from this based on how much longer it takes where you need to save time on your next run .
the link you submitted does not point to a valid github repository .
if you think that this is a mistake please contact the mods .
tree of life tree in the middle of an oil field .
that was kind of cool as well as the grand mosque .
hello your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required preset tags in accordance with rule 3
mass effect archives https masseffectarchives.com links or sliders are required .
you must include a preset tag in the title like so preset .
replace with the number of the preset you used 1-9 .
you are encouraged to repost this with the proper tag procedure in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shareyourryders if you have any questions or concerns .
karina get the fuck out of my living room before i call the cops ''
they might think you 're trying to make them feel bad for white people enslaving black people though and white people do n't want to be made to feel bad about that .
i expected a trap as in the one that 's gay
from what i 've seen it 's on pretty much every nbn provider 's site it 's just a matter of where they put that info
best sis d dont forget she might need support too from time to time p afterall they r our big\lil sis d
in anime/hentai i do n't care it can be whatever it wants but god in real life people who use daddy ... it just makes me think of incestuous undertones
how does someone make money off of you if you yourself have no money ?
i 've used my free transfer for this week already .
i 've got kane sterling and davies in my starting xi .
is it worth taking a 4 to change mbemba in to a 4.5 defender who i would aim to keep long term ?
all m1a1 variants in service with the united states have received at least the ha upgrade they are at a minimum the m1a1ha package with many receiving additional survivability upgrades e.g .
tl dr all us abrams tanks in service have special armor arrays containing depleted uranium .
i will proabably continue grisaia in a near future ... not really that hyped it at least failed to make me want to know the girls stories or maybe its becouse i stoped playing years ago .
abou vn i would recomnd sharin no kuni as i relly liked it but i dont really know if it was nostalgia or something similar and you like the f/sn ones so we probably hava areally difrent taste i found the fate rute away to boring to continue i gess i just dont care for the setting
it 's not going to be little anymore if he keeps that up .
this song was the bane of my existence on rb3 .
it took me many tries to even get past four stars and it basically destroyed my voice in the process of trying .
i do not look forward to playing it again on rock band 4 .
but skeleton army takes him out quick for 1 less energy
mine told me just this morning i 'm not here to understand you .
she says that as if that has not been the thrust of our entire relationship .
everyone has things they use to escape gaming is just another form of it who could have known ! ? ! ?
seriously though i grow up gaming and am now an almost 30 year old who has a stable job/career 100 independent and i generally spend my free time with friends or gaming .
who the fuck cares what i do i 'm not a burden anyone except maybe the people in my games lol .
grammar girl did a podcast about it that agrees with you but i still prefer on purpose '' and by accident '' .
i know right yesterday i was checking the channel and i saw music video was uploaded 7 months ago but the song itself was released a lot earlier
in a stream he said he had offers from na but didnt want to go back .
i guess for me i know i 'm not getting a 256 space grey with a nov. 3 delivery date from at t so i 'm putting all my eggs in this reservation basket .
we call on the nation to fight against daylight savings time and the nation rises up .
this week 's episode is brought to you by hello fresh ! ''
until recently it has been a regular part of fps games we can thank console ports for getting rid of them .
i do n't see how they do n't commit to him running 20 times after this game .
dolphins had been top 5 in the league against the run .
oh i was looking for something higher than the moca we do use that and it 's good but does n't catch more subtle cog deficits ...
pro play is the only thing the devs should balance around .
this works fine for every other e-sport but all the shitters in gold want the game balanced around their inability to aim in a fps .
i often wonder how different it would be to go back but with my current nearly 40 year old brain .
i suspect it would be a vastly different experience and you 'd likely have a pretty huge advantage '' over everyone else in most every situation social relationships studies etc simply because of the vastly larger amount of experience you have compared to all the teenagers .
going back and repeating it like normal that would suck for sure .
i adore the game as it is gets better with every update .
other players are fine as well i 'd just like others to be able to play on the platform of their choice together .
i recommend for you patriots haters to watch the pats vs chargers game this sunday .
tom brady is going to get ate by the bash brothers
you may have given me an idea for the people doing some 40 days to pray for life '' protest outside the hospital i work at ...
he ca n't shoot he ca n't dribble he ca n't pass .
there 's no fucking reason he should be playing 16 minutes
call it morning driving through the sound and in and out the valley
dude i grew up just as poor as you .
you are being stubborn out of resentment and it 's going to damage your child just as much if not more than spoiling him will .
i 'm not even saying that a 4 year old should have an ipad but you need to radically readjust your attitude .
you are clearly still bitter about growing up poor and taking it out on your kid and his education is fucked up .
nope i think its like u they are the same
i must reinstall appsy every reboot my phone if i want to download anything from appstore or update apps
i currently have the i3mk2s mmu but i ca n't decide if even the 2.5 update is worth it .
i think i could include a lot of those updates myself for significantly cheaper ... idk
there are so many nice unique cards like blinks slows debuffs buffs but they usually just wind up into the dumpster..
yes but she does n't come up as a follower so i 'm not sure how else to equip clothes
while i tend to agree i disagree in that it 's not an easy change for most .
vfx is one of those industries that you can get locked into really easily if you are not careful .
the skill set required is highly specific to the industry and may not apply at all in smaller shops and usually wo n't apply outside art/entertainment in general .
it 's not like there 's a lot of companies doing this kind of work either so simply hoping to another company it 's small industry really is just not an option .
i do n't know what you do but unless you 've actually worked in vfx i can guarantee you it 's nothing like your industry .
i would know too ... i got out and have since worked in a couple of other industries unrelated to film/vfx and they do not compare at all .
the economics are different the work environment is different and there are far more opportunities .
many in vfx simply ca n't move out or even if they could nobody bothers looking at them because their background does n't really fit well into reqs for other industries .
just want to preface this question by saying that i am on an rx 580 with a ryzen 5 1600 .
i am getting serious graphical glitching with every game i play followed by a crash on pcsx2 https i.imgur.com/8vodzln.png is a typical result .
i updated my drivers am running the latest version messed with my settings a bit but never even saw a slight change .
pretty new to pcsx2 so please dumb it down a bit .
i remember reading about the cup when it came up in a while ago in similar circumstances .
finals series would n't be necessary if we have a promotion and relegation play off series .
ignore the guy you are replying to hes trolling all over pixel threads .
he tried telling me earlier the screen issues on my phone were caused by damage and scuffs and then when i posted detailed pictures showing no such thing he deleted his posts and took off .
as soon as flaco starts the slide that bitch of a linebacker should have not propelled into him .
this is honestly such a good trade for both sides that it would really depend on the rest of your roster and if you are in win-now mode .
if i was getting murray i would trade him the moment he has a good game unless i was in win-now mode .
even still i may still try to trade him .
it 's a finisher for control/greedy decks without a proper one which is obsolete by this point
both dragon and haven can make the most out him dark alice also uses him as a finisher but the deck is pretty meh .
one 'i thought it was gas but it was liquid ' incident was all it took ...
i 'll check in for when it 's re-deposited .
i 've found a program that does precisely what i want !
i found joytokey '' to do almost what i want but it did n't allow me to adjust the deadzone settings on the triggers .
therefore i found it to be impractical for me since i could n't use as low of a deadzone as i wanted .
antimicro allows sets-shifting and binding mouse movement to analog controls .
i used this and mapped ar l/r to mouse x . ''
this allows me to control dedicated ar buttons the way i want to .
i 've made a post going into greater detail on how i did this for anyone interested .
to answer your question i ordered mera and dragonzord and mera shipped a little while ago got and email part of your order is on its way '' or something like that but the dragonzord has not shipped
still no cancellation email so at least i got that goin for me
you have been awarded the honor of seeing scotty kirk live on the drunken peasants podcast tomorrow at 9:00pm cst .
np it was hot last week largely because people keep deciding what the notice means instead of actually reading the words it contains .
the notice was already a month old before neogaf posted on it and would confidently guess that sony knew about the huuuge filing before they submitted their own application so it is pretty reasonable to conclude that if sony thought it was going to be an actual problem they would have modified the name a while ago .
it 's worth noting also that the huuge games application is for frozen wild '' while sony 's is for horizon zero dawn the frozen wilds . ''
it 's the only way to explain why i 'm still watching this game .
the default sens now 100 is identical to what the default sens was before for snipers 20 .
however the default sens now 100 is also identical to what the default sens used to be before the adjustable scoped sensitivity patch for scoped assault rifles .
tl dr it 's perfect for everyone who was used to the very first settings when the game came out for free and if anyone wants to slow it down they can .
i ca n't imagine anyone wanting to speed it up .
your submission leader modi is a leader in an otherwise leaderless world was automatically removed because youtu.be is not on our approved source whitelist https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source .
be notable as defined by our domain notability guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
notable domains will consist of news organizations research organizations political advocacy groups governmental agencies bodies and political parties .
contain articles videos or sound-clips relevant to current us politics
contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source .
be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey .
if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us .
however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account .
if you submit a spam domain via the form your account may be reported to the site administrators .
to submit a domain for approval use this form https goo.gl/forms/lrqika1ri0bvbkcl1 and follow the instructions provided
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
sure i 'll send you the first one if thats alright
i mean he still did n't believe in transubstantiation .
did n't he also deny the mass being a sacrifice ?
i 've debated for applying to work for him this summer but other options preclude it .
that is a great idea we could extend work not only for online things but real world local projects .
also the blockstack naming system could be extremely useful .
normally they will get it after one water challenge .
i guess but is n't it like nearly everybody in hollywood ?
had some people ask me at starbucks if i was for some odd reason .
but when i 'm with my friends others tend to guess something mixed with east asian because i have very pale skin which apparently those with a southeast asian background ca n't have lol .
i 'd take more pics if i was n't lazy right now but they 're definitely deadstock
if yoyr asking for a script your gon na need to work on your basic social skills
i would much much much rather have foods genetically altered to not need pesticides than eat natural '' foods with pesticides .
i 'm sorry my living room is so cramped but i 'm glad you came .
so i 'm in the far left lane at this point and i see a mustang in the left median slowly rolling
oh boy ... head over to r/louisville and post this and you will get a thousand comments from people who have also been bitten by that mustang .
proceeded to do 55 on the interstate for pretty much the rest of kentucky .
this was also only the second time i had ever been pulled over and the first real interaction with le since i started carrying .
1 ky officers on professionalism 1 state of ky on the relative infrequency of speed limit signs .
i 've been stopped by a cop once for open carrying and that 's because i was in a mall that did n't mark all of its doors with no firearms .
cop basically just said finishing shopping and in future visits please refrain from carrying your firearm into the mall .
that being said the only reason why i go to the mall is for the amazing chinese they have there .
i 've found that louisville is a lot more lenient on firearms then some other metros .
that looked like the targeting that bosa got called in the bowl in 2015 .
you are probably wrong lol preteen boys act pretty gay .
the rain falls on the just and the unjust alike .
rain in this context may have meant something good like watering lands .
well i actually agreed with the first part of your statement the army is pretty great at offering up benefits when you talk about quitting .
it 's just the trained killer thing is ridiculous .
the army 's main goal it to prepare you to complete a mission whether that be as an engineer building schools or special forces eliminating a target .
i 'm not sure how you got the 90-99 thing considering less then 10 of active duty even sees any combat .
killing goes against everything we 're taught as a society and most of the time it ultimately comes down to kill or be killed .
the us military is n't even on the offensive right now technically .
also i ca n't swear by it but i 'm fairly certain that basic boot camp has n't changed all that much since the 70s
could you just elaborate on the both players part ?
edit never mind i just figured out what you said .
boogie still remains the best c in the league me
yeah ... with the way the change method works i figure i would have to go through two maintanances to make it all work .
it 's part of a special 25th anniversary release hence the change in colorings .
even the americans ca n't help but have british villains in their blockbusters all the time
dale is the new wil and i miss them so much .
we really need to enforce that people explain their lpts .
it appears as though you already have php handlers active if you 're able to rename the file extensions to .php and have them still load properly .
unless i am misinterpreting your goal i would suggest the following
1 rename all of your .html pages to .php pages .
2 do a global text based search/replace either on the server or in your favorite editor for any internal .html links so that they properly link to the new .php extensions .
3 if its a production environment you can update your .htaccess file so that it includes a 301 redirect for the old new pages .
this way your existing links that have been indexed will be updated to the new pages when they are crawled and it will help prevent any potential 404 errors for any bookmarks etc .
call schwab tell them you 're thinking of moving to robinhood and ask schwab for some free trades as a retention bonus .
schwab does n't make much money off trading anymore .
its a rough news cycle and year for you guys im sorry http www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/10/26/trump-doj-settles-lawsuits-over-tea-party-targeting-by-obama-irs.html
we obliterate the smaller ones in like 2 or 3 aoe attacks from everyone and then focus the big ones down .
they have been dying so quickly that i ca n't even establish hate on all of them some runs .
you guys know your team best but it is clear after losing dwyer you need some attacking options .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
dude hell yeah it was i 'm a relatively new player about 2 weeks old was lucky enough to be able to do aokiji 's .
thanks to this event though i was able to 200 my qck law and get some great sockets on him like the bind resist plus the bind resist that were attached to the kanjuro and mansherry i pulled it made things so much easier .
really loved this event aside from the endless grind .
made it easier to not be able to get to the 100th place with this huge upgrade to my team .
i made fun of you for embarrassing yourself on the internet so that means you won ?
i 've got some energy crystals to sell you ...
you gave it a good shot when you were still cool .
the term was coined to indicate journalists secretly conspired to give positive coverage that 's all it meant .
4k is mostly gpu limited rn even a faster cpu wont do much to help .
ssds just reduce load times as the game retrieves assets from storage to load into ram and vram once loaded into ram/vram the ssd doesnt do much else besides occasional streaming of data .
does n't one of the pitch perfect movies have a line where a character shows up and says what 's up pitches ? ''
not sure it 's mocking that but just the same thing they were mocking college girls calling each other bitches '' .
see that carrier thing is exactly the kind of stuff new players like myself have no clue about haha .
i 'm doing my best to mod it and i also did n't even know there were ammo refills
if burns is who you want and you are going to sell subban anyways i would just buy him off the market at least that is guaranteed as opposed to taking the risk and opening your pack to see a rat with a big nose
snoop dogg on soulful choir production would be the best thing that could potentially come from an announcement by some lowkey twitter account a few hours in advance .
i ca n't believe they 're trying to stop the dead and illegals from voting .
how are the democrats suppose to win elections without their vote .
it 's got a catchy almost happy quality but it 's actually about our impotence in the face of the cyclical nature and sometimes overwhelming power of our self-destructive tendencies .
today 's dip was due to a smear report by the street sweeper that posted false news about transenterix .
the street sweeper had a short position and stood to make money off the dip .
they 're also known for generating fake news to manipulate stock prices .
the founder of the site hunter adams is said to have ties with the gambino crime family and has served time as a felon for foul play like this in the past .
bezingo is also largely responsible for helping to spread the fake news .
i wo n't get into all the reasons why i think trxc is an awesome company but it 's pretty clear to me that shares are at a huge discount atm thanks to those manipulative scumbags .
i have but i 've never had a program that can do it and i 've had decent video editing software .
which is why i said it would be advanced meme-ing tools .
my grandfather had a luger for a little while it malfunctioned pretty reliably .
it 's a little unfair to judge 50 year old guns because we do n't know the history but i will always have a soft spot in my heart for the 1911 .
i hear lugers like really hot loads to cycle .
this is why the coach should not have been hired in the first place .
ignore the bs ownership even though they spent little to nothing on this installment of ‘we want out of az ' yotes .
i 'm sure toc is a great dude and worthy of an eventual head coaching position .
yotes should n't have been the ones to give him a shot at redemption .
i think the happiest i am is when waking up without an alarm clock fairly early in the morning while camping that smell of the dew the noise of all the various animals and insects buzzing about .
throwing on a sweatshirt and popping myself down into a foldable yard chair and just taking everything in .
welp wish i had n't just watched bojack horseman before laying down now ...
as someone who was perfectly willing to play with toys and still be religious as a young man the whole idea that i was inviting in satan just seemed weak-willed and petty .
send out the welcome email which has a link to the download .
i get that you 're trollin ' but for the sake of argument let 's say you are correct .
if you have a mac try the photos app or on ios .
also if you have an iphone or android phone try snapseed .
also its not like 3 options pop in front of your face every 15 minutes in real life .
it is really stupid to compare a fucking visual novel to real life .
you misunderstood my point entirely if you thought i was comparing it to real life .
after you finish eating your candy then what happens ?
does your hamburger magically turn into candy every 15 minutes in real life ? ''
that 's what you sounded like to me there .
maslow 's hierarchy of needs one of the first things you learn in any basic philosophy class is pseudoscience
okay we 're not going to make much progress talking about this further .
anybody who thinks the way you do likely ca n't substitute fictional love for real relationships .
there may exist people too hardheaded to do so .
they 're looking for the wrong thing and they lash out when they do n't get it .
for those people like yourself i ca n't recommend it .
but i can tell you from experience having gone over a decade without a lack of romance ever causing me to experience anger frustration or any kind of loneliness or sadness just by understanding what my needs are and satisfying them when required it is perfectly doable .
i got mine fuck the rest of you . ''
unfortunately your post has been automatically removed for being too short https www.reddit.com/r/television/wiki/rules wiki_15._text_posts_with_little_to_no_text .
text posts in r/television require 100 characters or more in the text '' field of your post .
it is recommended that you resubmit your post instead of editing it as automoderator will not know to reapprove your post if you edit it to comply .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/television if you have any questions or concerns .
for one the us is not easy to travel around backpacking here ?
have your own car/rent a car is basically the only way .
i maybe know one person that 's taken a bus in the last several years .
but for two just advocating traveling gap years traveling after graduation whatever .
we 're so focused on the whole go to school go to college go work .
man most people here need to be motivated and look at you ... if you are motivated it is n't a cancer but a panacea .
take it as a boon and us it as one .
after years i want to get rid of my necrons that have been standing around they arent in great shape so i dont mind giving em cheaper than usual on this thread .
2 questions there is ice bite and hypothermia for herald of ice for herald of thunder inervate and.. ?
and question 2 what is the differene between shock reflection '' and reflect shocks applied to you to all nearby enemies '' ?
i 'm enjoying discovery but it 's raising some questions for me .
i 'm just a casual fan and so do n't have the understanding of the universe as a whole .
it would have made voyager a lot less interesting .
and by then it 's decades old tech right ?
or is that something we 're going to find out later ?
did spock ever mention he had an adoptive sister who started '' the war with the klingons .
i would imagine star fleets first mutineer would be famous especially since she became the science officer of that same wars flagship .
and is t'kuvma mentioned as a martyr/unifier of the klingon empire ?
find me angew 's body and clear my desk of booze .
decided to make a thread where we look at the players brought into the club by hughes and co. and rate them based on their contributions so far .
kevin wimmer £17.46m shaky start early signs are worrying 4/10
kurt zouma loan probably the best cb at the club right now however its not permanent and we will have to replace him in the summer 7/10
bruno martins indi £6.93m doesnt look like the player we had last season although its likely that our new system is hampering his performance 6/10
darren fletcher free transfer actually impressed with darren so far good at spraying balls across the pitch and clearly puts a shift in 7/10
josh tymon free transfer bit difficult to judge after 1 cup appearance so it would be unfair to give this a rating na
eric maxim choupo-moting free transfer hit and miss so far was fantastic against united and shows flashes of skill jury is still out though 6/10
jesé loan another mixed bag hasnt featured greatly but his contributions when he has played have been alright will give him more time 6/10
joe allen £13.95m doesnt look remotely close to the player we had last season see bmi likely the system is also hampering him as he looked okay when we switched to 4 at the back against bournemouth 5/10
saido berahino £12.51m 0 goals and contributed a whopping 1 assist west brom must have been laughing all the way to the bank when they sold this dud to us 2/10
ramadan sobhi £4.50m looked genuinely world class in his short run in the team last season and then cast aside so we could go to 3-4-3 still young however so time will tell 7/10
wilfried bony loan the less said about this shite the better 1/10
lee grant £1.35m came in when we desperately needed a quality keeper to fill butlands spot while he was out with injury and proved to be that shame he cant get into the team but his competition is just far superior 8/10
giannelli imbula £21.83m our record signing is stinking it up in france after a terrible woeful run here .
xherdan shaqiri £15.30m injury prone and inconsistent on his day he is absolutely unstoppable but those days are too few and far between for him to be our main creative outlet 6-7/10
joselu £7.20m now plying his trade at newcastle after a pretty shit run here which id argue is more the manager not giving him a consistent run before shipping him out back to spain for a year 4/10
philipp wollscheid £3.42m why did we sign him permanently again ?
jakob haugaard £540k shite never going to make it at this level 2/10
glen johnson free transfer good when he first signed for us but has declined massively and is now a waste of wages 5/10
ibrahim afellay free transfer i love affa i really do looked to be a player reborn before he got injured bojan anyone ?
shay given free transfer okay as a backup keeper but it was obvious his best days were behind him 4/10
bojan krkic £1.62m if i was making this post in his first season easily a 9/10 but never looked the same since coming back from his injury wont be here for much longer unfortunately 7/10
dionatan teixeira free transfer dogshit was never going to make it 1/10
steve sidwell free transfer dont remember anything particularly noteworthy but then again no memories of him being rubbish just kinda mediocre ?
phil bardsley free transfer i love big phil when we needed someone to grab a yellow card and shoot from 40 yards he was our man best card accumulator we 've had since dean whitehead 10/10
mame diouf free transfer cant remember when he 's actually been given an extended run up front as a striker shafted into right wing and then right back to make up for our inability to get players natural to those positions love his work rate though despite his finishing being ... pretty bad to say the least 6/10
victor moses loan i 'd take him back in a heartbeat genuinely loved victor when he played for us but is having a ton of joy back at chelsea 7/10
erik pieters £3.24m last 18 months for erik have really soured me on him he isnt a wingback he cant cross and makes far too many silly challenges wouldnt object to cashing in before he declines even further 5/10
marko arnautovic £2.52m was a player reborn here once he got going very inconsistent like shaqiri though we did well to get as much as we did for him however that doesnt take away from just how important he was for us at times 8/10
stephen ireland £540k injury prone came at a time when we had 3/4 players who could play amc so was never going to get a good run imo 5/10
marc muniesa free transfer quite injury prone and the occasional gaffe but would have liked to see him get a run last season when pieters was terrible could have been tried at lwb this season as well before he was shipped out 6/10
peter odemwingie free transfer skeptical at first but did more in 6 months than kj9 did during his entire spell here so id say it was a worthwhile swap 6/10
oussama assaidi loan that goal against chelsea 3 3 3 pretty much all he did though 4/10
i do my research before spouting off what is going down .
government love people like you who believe exactly what they tell them and choose to ignore what they can learn about that the governments of the world do n't tell them .
you are a conformist and you are doing a great job .
people who assume shit like you are the true idiots of the world and they are everywhere in america .
well he is n't ken m. i listened to the guy who writes ken m on the dick show and he 's somewhat young .
unknown links are censored to prevent spreading illicit content .
still does n't change the fact that you are an idiot .
so what you 're saying is basically that kissinger is single-handedly responsible for the metal gear solid series ?
562mb on modhub looks like we also got a proper forklift and some placable fruit trees among other things .
ive been waiting ages for bulletbill 's new map so i figured i 'd let yall know .
what did america do when the confederacy seceded again ?
when i get there do you start a new thor and wait till he is champed and then sell the old one or do you just sell the first one and wait till a new one is ready ?
yeah fuck south vietnam they 're obviously not real™ vietnamese because they did n't suck soviet dick
i 'm seeing no boosts yet on my justin kluivert and i got kind of worried .
i think it 's crazy just how exaggerated all claims were about the blue tint .
here in australia the phone is exclusive to telstra only and today i got to check them out at two seperate stores here in melbourne .
the phones at the first store had the slightest of tints at an extreme angle something which i would never have noticed had it not been the only topic on reddit for the past week .
the phone at the other store however was a slightly different story .
the tint came at a lesser extreme angle but was still not that deterrent while i was using the phone .
the phones themselves were clamped hard on the tables so i literally could n't get a good grip but seeing the screen in person was enough for me to preorder mine which i should be getting sometime next week .
it was merely 12 hours ago when neeb and rogue blessed us with an insane group stage series and an especially great almost hour-long game 3 at blizzcon .
you can find the vod of the series here https www.twitch.tv/videos/185658607 ? t
both players showed us how amazing late game pvz can be .
with mech depot destined to deliver a long final game of the series it was clear early on that things would go towards the golden armada .
a long phase of rogue harassing mineral lines with insane apm and neeb defending most of it started to show the usual army positioning game in late pvz where you zone with your main army as a threat and have to be aware of every single counter move of your opponent so noone is caught offguard .
both players showed insane understanding and patience in this phase of the game but none of them took a significant advantage .
it pretty much lasted until the 20min mark when neeb made the decision to put pressure on the newer bases of rogue towards the top left .
and this is where i think him being a former terran player up until 2015 comes to shine .
it took some time for him to develop into the protoss champion he is today but that time of terran still has its impacts .
sometimes tvt with the siege tank wars is described as the ultimate chess game where positioning and army movement decisions decide over victory or defeat .
this is for example the case because of the siege tank itself being a core unit of the matchup since the very beginning movements and decisions in the matchup are getting crisper and cleaner as time goes on .
because the unit takes a whole 6 seconds to siege and unsiege it is the most immobile unit in the game in terms of repositioning and adapting to your opponents movements except when tankivacs were around .
this puts extreme importance on the decision making behind where you move your army where you decide to finally engage and how you can adapt to your opponents reaction knowing what move forces what countermove to stop it .
this paves the way for the insane late game decision making we saw neeb use vs rogue in game 3 .
one moves his army and knows how the opponent has to react to it .
so with neeb being mainly in the drivers seat in this phase he anticipated the movements of rogue and tried to think as many steps ahead as possible with rogue holding up until we see the insane 199 army supply with only one lonely probe left of neeb which ultimately swings the game in his favor and ends the game after 53 minutes in a clutch finale .
a treat for everyone to watch i can only recommend game 3 and just to watch the minimap in the later stages it 's starcraft porn basically .
now that actual indictments have been made no matter what they are how many of these people are going to start selling each other out.i can foresee a huge snowball of people trying to cover their asses .
do you have what it take to make me please myself in the middle of a street ?
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.bbc.com/news/technology-41785158 reduced by 58 .
facebook has announced measures to make political advertising on the social media platform more transparent .
the steps come amid allegations that russian-backed groups used social media ads to interfere in the us election .
quot when it comes to advertising on facebook people should be able to tell who the advertiser is and see the ads they 039 re running especially for political ads quot rob goldman facebook 039 s vice president of ads said in a blog post .
facebook said it was expanding the transparency measures to all ads and that they would all have to be linked to a page .
users would also be able to view the ads any page was running it added .
on tuesday twitter announced similar transparency measures including labels for election-related ads and more details about who funded them .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.bbc.com/news/technology-41785158 faq http autotldr.io 235565 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords ad 1 advertiser 2 facebook 3 election 4 russia 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
as if it 's your last full 4k https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=adzlipjzpfa full https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kgen8qypzga full 2 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=436nndewxlc jennie focus https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vvfxbyjixao
playing with fire full 4k https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t7pp8mxkxvk full 2 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7eytvyeg_hw t=1s lisa focus 4k https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zhrew7wq2ii lisa focus https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qds8fmhk6ry lisa focus 2 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ee-n51cxjlc rosé focus https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=riwhre6er5e jennie focus https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=javkq0iq8-g
i do n't know how remastered games usually sell but this seems rather poor in comparison with the rocksteady originals .
i guess that 's why the game is regularly on sale and why wb and virtuos made very little effort to fix the problems some of which they did n't bother with at all i.e poor performance missing textures etc .
not only that but wb abandoned support on the official forum pretty much on day of release .
in my opinion return to arkham deserved to fail .
they 're very poor quality remasters and virtuos made changes that were n't improvements .
i hope one day wb will be good enough to release all the original arkham games on this gen or next where console players can experience them at top performance .
i dislike my current eyes and i kinda wan na change it
randomly i get skin lesions now for about 2 or 3 years .
one at a time they pop up on my body under my thighs on my hips or breasts .
they do leave a dark spot when they heal which frustrates me and are tender .
i 've tried changing soaps shampoos not using powder to using it no tight clothes .
i usually can get the meaning of through google translate but with this one i 'm completely lost .
every time i quit i get an error that says acorigins.exe bad image
game 's file location bink2w64.dll is either not designed to run on windows or it contains an error .
try installing the program againusing the original installation media or contact your system administrator or the software vendor for support .
i 've tried verifying the integrity of the game files and it fixes corrupted data .
the problem is that every time i quit out and try to launch again i need to reverify the integrity again to launch every time .
so i 'm stuck in this cycle of verifying the game every time i want to play it .
i am selling this amazing playskin https s.metjm.net/yfui6oz.jpg b/o 14 keys .
this price is kinda firm im interested in item offers as long as your skin is sellable at 14 keys .
after playing with the this deck now for a while i keep encountering miments when the deck ca n't quite finish the game the ground is too gummed up for geist to attack and the answers dont line up to the threats .
my meta consists of pretty much everything from home-brews all the way to the top tier decks .
so i was wondering if anyone can give me some advice on the deck ?
or if anyone else has these problems with jeskai geist .
ronald reagan ben shapiro mark levin jonah goldberg and brett stephens to name a few
not conservative but still important friedman hayek shakespeare sophocles .
antigone has a number of conservative themes idgaf what my feminist professor said
what would someone have to tell you in order for you to use this laughing-'k ' gif ?
what would someone have to tell you in order for you to give this shifty-eyes gif ?
the republic advocates for a totalitarian state with a eugenics program that separates people into breeding tiers and confiscates children at birth so they can be educated by the state .
from u/paulrhinoshat on logical and or scientific support for your beliefs r/askaconservative/comments/78xjv9/logical\_and\_or\_scientific\_support\_for\_your\_beliefs/dp02qtr
i believe to a certain extent in manmade climate change greenhouse gas effect seems pretty indisputable i just do n't think we should leave the managing of our economy to a bunch of circle nerds who 've never held a real job in their life .
i would know i 've worked in research biomedical and these guys really have no perspective on life in the non government subsidized world
from u/paulrhinoshat on pew 's typology study is out !
need one more for raid starting at the baths .
they only noise she makes is loud purring when i pet her but she never ever meows .
in the past 2 or 3 weeks i 've heard her meow maybe 3 times .
after years of work and development we 've got awesome news our kickstarter https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1220044248/batch-17-pre-launch-kickstarter campaign has officially launched .
batch 17 has essentially been in the works for the past four years .
ben mccallister the founder of the studio behind the game has been self-financing the project so far adding up to 150,000 over time .
with the money and dedicated work that has been put into the game so far the team is already dedicated to finishing and releasing batch 17 by q1 of 2018 .
this kickstarter was n't launched so that we can finish the project .
instead the funds we would get from the campaign would allow us to deliver a better game in less time .
it 'll also help us keep the lights on in our studio so we can continue making great games in the future .
you can check out our kickstarter page https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1220044248/batch-17-pre-launch-kickstarter for more information about the campaign and the game .
in the last day of the campaign being launched we 've already received more than 500 in donations which is 5 of our minimum goal .
at this rate we 're well on our way to being successfully funded by november 26 the last day of our campaign !
we 've got some great rewards to make your donations worthwhile other than just the great feeling of supporting our project hehe !
those of you who donate in the next day have the chance to get our early bird special which is a copy of the game for only 5 .
after the early bird gets the worm and flies away you can donate 7 to preorder a copy of the game .
this also gets you an hd wallpaper and backer tags on reddit and discord .
and for 15 you can get a second copy of the game your name in the credits !
25 gets you everything above an awesome digital art book that 'll let you see batch 17 from the eyes of our designers !
30 gets you all above a copy of the batch 17 soundtrack .
we 've got some amazing tracks ready for the game that you 're guaranteed to love and listen to 24/7 even when you 're not playing .
40 gets you everything above and an extra two copies of the game .
that 's four copies of batch 17 so you can get brownie points in your friend circle .
after our general reward bundles we 've got some killer limited specials that include everything from the 40 tier that are so worth the money .
70 lets you name an in-game item or npc all by yourself !
we 've only got 30 of these so hurry up !
80 gets you a set of rare limited edition armor that only kickstarter backers on this tier can get !
100 lets you name your own boss which is pretty cool .
there are only 5 available and 2 people have already backed this tier so get in there !
150 allows you to create your own custom item that will show up in-game .
450 and you can build your very own custom boss with us .
1,000 lets you build a boss for the final area of a level one of the big bad boys .
make our lives by donating this much and you get to build a whole character from the ground up .
there 's only 2 of these available so jump on this if you want to be a huge part of the game !
if you do n't want to donate that 's okay too !
how about you show some support by joining our discord server https discord.gg/f26r8ct ?
we love to chat and we 'd especially love to hear what you have to say about the game !
we ca n't wait to see where this campaign leads us .
we 're so proud of our progress so far on batch 17 and we 're making more and more every day .
i have been trying to encrypt my rooted moto g 2 xt1068 running android 6.0 multiple times but to no avail .
once i start the encryption process it shows this screen https bensullins.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/nexus-s-encryption-ice-cream-sandwhich-android-4-600x800.png for less than 1 second and then immediately reboots .
the reboot is stuck at the loading animation though and never finishes .
i have given it plenty of time 8 hours but it was still stuck .
once i power off the device forcefully and then cold start it everything works as usual .
i have been trying to follow additional instructions i found online but none of them proved effective
the phone is also at full charge and connected to a stable power supply before starting the encryption – it wo n't even let you start the process otherwise .
i 'm not entirely sure but i think they might be showing reruns this week to compensate for the strike
can anybody with a ps4 do me a huge solid and see if they fixed entrances when you have custom attires for charlotte aj john etc .
as the era of dragons gradually came to an end as arcane masters left countless riches and legends under the starry sky one awakened youngster after another began to set foot on their journey .
a lighthearted shounen-style story in a western fantasy setting filled with friends magic academies chuckles hot-blooded youth and no harem .
i accidently sent a selfie of my newly cut fringe to their snapchat i was n't expecting it to even get opened although i did send another one apologising that it was n't for them i got a reply that said 'gt8 fringe tho ' 😂
so far what i have found is the only ones i find useful are the
sniper since it has somewhat decent ammo capacity good range and ability to consistently hit critical spots and is easy enough to use .
their damage output is insane and even if you just face tank and die in very rare circumstances most formidable enemies become easy .
on top of this i have found the following powerful weapons utter garbage and effectively unusable
hey there i am ashley i have always loved the idea of being a futa .
never having much experience with it i would like this to more of a nurturing kinda thing .
i normally am pretty dom when it comes to normal lez so once you teach me i can dom you if your into that .
i have always been very shy you ask me to stay after to talk about it .
than i admit my secret and you show me how to use it .
it can happen whatever way you want but i see it as you being my older sister or aunt your picking me up from school .
i get a hard on at some point which you can obviously see under my sun dress .
you are spending the night for the millionth time .
you finally call me out on why i never take off my panties in front of you .
really whtaver you want run it by me i am sure ill be game for it .
kinks clothed sex having you try on outfits being begged i would like to play with a bigger cock but you are the one who has to take it so whatever you want so much more
i have personal files on the hdd but need it to install windows 7 on .
will just installing windows on the drive delete the files ?
there is no previous windows installation on the drive .
i did a quick search and nothing immediately showed up .
if anyone was wondering mycroft is an open source ah assistant like google home alexa siri and cortana
for over a week and a half now though getting better very very slowly i have been having pain on the right under side of the peck just where the peck sort of attaches to the ribcage as pointed to in this picture with arrows https imgur.com/oirv38m if you grab your peck where i 've got the arrows its on the underside of pec .
i normally feel the pain when i am on the lower 25 of a push up where i am nearing the floor or on dips where i nearing the bottom of the dip .
i am not really sure how i messed it up i 've been doing body weight for about 4 months now and i have n't particularly changed anything significantly apart from trying ring push up flys once .
i can do 3x8 regular ring push ups so i decided to try them .
i 've been stretching foam rolling trying to do knee push ups to keep the blood flowing there as recommended by the book .
is it a weakness or tightness due to rounded shoulder ?
i feel like its healing so slowly compared to when i pulled other muscles which returned to normal in like 5 days .
this is really messing up my routine and as its a area thats hit for dips pullups pushups anything really .
i 'm the only consistent thing but i ca n't help but feel like my teammates keep dying or not playing the brawl correctly when the opponents have cool combos or just do n't die as much .
i 'm trying to make enough extra money to buy my husband a graduation present so if the prices listed are n't in your price-range please do n't be shy to negotiate with me !
all my products are available unless striked though example shipping starts at 4 unless it 's a particularly heavy package in this case i will definitely let you know .
i only use paypal and prefer using the friends family '' option but if you would like to pay a different way please me know and i will try to accommodate you !
if someone else is interested in the same product as you you have 2 hours to respond before i move on to the next person .
i am more than happy to answer any and all questions you may have and am totally open to negotiating price do n't be shy ! .
also selling makeup/fragrances/hair products on reddit 's makeupexchange here https redd.it/7973mm
refer to picture to see usage originally 46 asking 16 12 10 got it as a christmas gift december 2016
refer to picture to see usage originally 17 asking 10 8 6 bought it myself from a reputable tommy hilfiger seller on amazon
long time lurker on my old account but i have n't played in 2 years and it sadly looks like i wo n't play again .
so i want to get rid of all of my cryx faction accessories and battlefoam case for a fair price in order to turn it into guitar pedals .
i posted in r/miniswap on ebay craigslist and fb as well as reaching out directly to a few of my friends who were interested .
i 'm going to keep posting around the internet and advertizing until they sell and understand that it may take longer than i expect but on the surface where else have n't i hit yet ?
the only place i can think of would be local facebook groups but i need to research that first before i go posting up people on a local group got mad once when i tried to advertize a megagame event i was running ... .
sv i was extremely resistant to weighing myself because of childhood trauma related to weight and scales thanks to mom and older sister with eating disorders .
i 'm on vacation at my parents house and needed to weigh my trail bologna that i bought at the store .
it did n't have a weight on it and i needed to know how many pieces to cut it up into to track macros .
i tried to weigh it by itself on the bathroom scale but it would n't register .
i weighed myself then weighed myself holding the sausage .
which leads to my second sv so i weighed myself and was completely devastated but went to bed finally coming to terms with my weight .
the next day i weighed myself again and had lost 3 lbs ! ! !
i went from fear to devastation to elation in a matter of 24 hours .
i weighed myself again these last two mornings and was down 1 lb then this morning i was holding steady .
and i 'm going to go home and buy a scale !
i do n't know if i 'll ever change my flair to show my weight but i know how much i weigh and i did n't die .
my great-aunt had an affair with a man while in a mental institution in 1934 .
her side should be 100 jewish but we confirmed that there 's a significant amount of irish dna .
she claimed until she died that my aunt was half irish .
anna shafer nee simon had an affair with a christopher murphey or murphy
they were in the same mental institution in november of 1934 .
the institution had to have been within a bus ride of winthrop ma or revere ma .
does anyone have any idea of how i could go about finding the institution/the records of them being there ?
this machine has no command blocks at all and it it able to store 7 prebuilt images and one custom you can make if you can understand the redstone .
this post will be edited with a link of pics of the machine and if people like it a lot i may make a download available .
has anyone detailed a c5 what 's the paint like on these cars and what kind of cutting pad should i use ?
hello i 30/f single just got a job with an engineering company in melbourne by batman park kinda ? .
my new company is covering my visa the relocation costs etc .
they will give me housing for 4 weeks so i will search for an apartment when i get there .
i plan on living in australia for at least 4 years likely longer !
i plan on living close north of the yarra river and taking the train/bike/walking to work and not having a car .
i do not want one if i do n't have to .
my new company keeps talking about work/life balance being a lot better .
is it really that much better than the us ?
ice hockey i play hockey and love to watch the nhl .
i would like to follow the melbourne ice too !
i know football and rugby are king so yeah .
i moved to texas two years ago and i have grown fond of mexican food .
i have read some of the other threads and they have been super useful .
i really feel like this is the opportunity of my life .
currently wallslip warning can be reset by touching the ground .
the player can keep resetting the counter by touching the ground .
to improve the system the idea is to compare the number of wallslip warnings between players over a time period .
if a player is getting many wallslip warnings and the other player got one or none this means that the system can detect that the other player is 100 wallhugging and can punish him by making him fall even if he touched the ground and went back to the wall unless he lands a hit on the opponent .
similarly if both players are getting similar number of wallslip warnings over a time period the system can detect that the players want to play on the edge .
i need some advice for making montages i just do n't know how to edit them so they would stand out btw i 'm using sony vegas pro 13 .
awp electric hive ft 0.16 clan-mystik holo katowice 2014 on scope 18 scraped but it 's not visable '' 12 metjm https s.metjm.net/og5cjnt.jpg
prices are mostly firm but if you 're really interested we can always agree on something
background foreign born came here years ago and just started working as a nurse .
i have 4350 dollars between two saving accounts that i have saved from working .
i do not have to pay rent as i live in my parents ' house .
i also do not have a car since i use my dad 's which i have fixed and it seems it is about to break again so i am thinking of buying a used car .
basically they are not in the states anymore so i am taking care of their stuff ... including mortgage and car insurance payment and whatever else .
i rent out the rooms so that pays most of everything .
there have been times i have had to use my own money to pay for things but it 's much less than paying for rent and car all by myself i figured .
i have student loans of 25k with an average interest rate of 3.77 when using direct deposit option interest reduced by 0.25 which comes up to about 254 dollars per month .
i do have a budget but things keep changing so it has become difficult to adhere to it .
situation after insurance taxes and 403 b i have at around 6 now it was 12 before just to get it started faster i make about 1350 every two weeks .
no overtime yet next year will be about 1450 without overtime as well .
i am currently looking for a part time job so i 'd be getting at the very least 300 extra every two weeks from that .
my employer does not match yet that is why i have it only at 6 to get the match but i would like to save more for retirement .
i also need to pay for my citizenship application i delayed it because of school .
also i have a fiancé from back home which means i have a lot of applications and fees to pay for not including flight tickets .
we are planning to get married so i need some help pointing out what things i need to take care of that i am not aware of yet
questions/help 1 should i focus on paying off my loans or pay the minimum and invest instead ?
2 i am planning to save for retirement it seems roth ira is best for me but i would like suggestions/feedback on this i was thinking of using wealthfront since i would not have to do anything i just want to get it going and not worry about it .
3 being married i get it i will need to be the head of household for the time being is there anything that i would have to keep in mind ?
we want to buy our own place my dad is fine with us staying here probably for a couple of years .
i am thinking of buying an honda civic 2014/2015 through a car loan .
i figure the newer hondas would be worth it since i want to drive it for at least 10 years .
sure you can see when players are rezed in the killfeed but it can often be lost in the hectic combat .
and forcing players to look in the kill feed to find out information most teams will callout who they kill and when they die but not when mercy gets a rez since that 's not instictual can easily distract .
i suggest giving every hero a back from the dead '' voice line in a similar vein to the nano boost voice lines they say when nano 'd .
the voice line would be announced publicly to both teams similar to when an ultimate or nano is used so that both teams know who was rezed .
it would also give more use to junkrat and roadhog 's i 'm alive ! ''
work experience 2 years when i plan to apply .
have n't looked into too much more i really really like villanova .
i got my pixel 2 xl 128gb yesterday and am in love with it .
the look and feel of the phone is amazing especially coming from a nexus 6p .
i have what seems like a very slight blue tint at extreme angles or i am not noticing it as much as i should .
camera is fantastic and am overall very happy with my purchase .
unfortunately i have what i think is a dead pixel on the screen .
it is almost impossible to detect and looks as if there is a speck of something black on my device .
it stinks because i feel like i have won the screen lottery other than that .
my replacement device ships on monday for tuesday delivery so i will send an update once i get my new device .
so is been 3 years since i last last read throught this series and i want to get back to reading it so does anybody have a link to the most up to date versions of pdf for this series
i 've been a lurker for years and recently started to actively post .
i 've been amazed by some of the sleuthing critical thinking and general skepticism that i have seen on this board .
you guys have broken open the seth rich thing this vegas shooting jfk just to name a few .
the msm wo n't cover it normies do n't care that our government agencies have been conspiring against them for decades and i feel that a lot of what we discuss here goes unnoticed and does n't affect the lives of actual people in any meaningful lasting ways .
we have been demonized by the mainstream as being trolls and conspiracy theorists how about we show the world what we are really capable of .
kids go missing all the time in our communities and the cops are more concerned with traffic stops throwing minorities in jail harassing minor drug offenders than putting the necessary resources to finding the real criminals lurking all around us .
i also do n't think the individuals tasks to finding missing children are bewildered and overwhelmed possibly short sighted and overall incompetent .
we have nothing to do with our time than generally regurgitate theories we ourselves already know to be true so why do n't we fucking help out !
lets put our virtual heads together and assist law enforcement do their damn jobs and find missing children .
pedophiles are fucking stupid and sick and they need to know that there 's no where to hide especially when the fucking internet is on the case .
this is a serious problem and it saddens me that so many go missing and so many seem unconcerned .
we could start with the most recent narrow down to those in your area perhaps contact le and post details so we can find these kids and the sick fucks who think they can get away with this .
edit well apparently due to doxx potential seems this idea would n't get off the ground on reddit .
that 's really fucking sad but i understand nonetheless .
i do n't plan to have kids but i know i would turn over the world to find my missing offspring .
homecoming had vulture shocker and to a lesser extent scorpion .
if the sequel has norman osbourne/green goblin at the helm and scorpion as his henchman all that would be needed would be two more villains to have sony 's dream villain team up on the screen for better or worse .
just wondering if anyone else thought they may have a plan for this direction .
i can see the third film being spider-man the sinister six .
so i 've got my shieldbreaker to level 6 and unlocked her set which is quite nice with an interesting downside .
quirks that so far i think are probably good on her
precise striker if you use an adder 's kiss setup
hard skinned never hurts and she gets 10 prot from her set already
all in the title managed to get a unicorn moving into town right in front of my house .
i grew about 20cm in a year and i never had any sort of growing pains anywhere .
also recently i grew 3.5cm and i had no pains aswell .
hi guys i 'm trying to build a gaming pc and i need some help .
i have done a build and i need some info on it .
i have known this hot girl for about two years she hit on me a lot a few years ago but i was with someone at the time worst mistake there is a reason why i am single now
anyway a little while ago we matched on tinder do n't have it now it 's actually terrible real game in the flesh is so much better i started conversation but she never responded .
long story short i 'm keen on her but i have n't chatted to her in ages .
what 's a good way for me to restart conversations and to get a date ?
pls help he is getting picked very often in my 1k-2k matches
so i took this list to friday night modern went 5-0 faced
blue green merfolk no aether vial in the deck and he paid for it .
first game chalice on one held me back for ages but batter skull on a spell queller made quick work once i got that going with collenade backup .
super fun match search and jace really stand out in the long game went to game three
storm was the last two i lost both first games but sideboard cards saved me not much else i can .
i have a mod installed the changes the default arm to that beige 4 fingered arm from the cutscene just before afghanistan .
but i 'd still like to use the red arm from time to time .
i 've found the textures for the default arm fairly easily but i ca n't find the textures for the gold arm begin working on a swap .
i 'm working under the assumption that the gold arm is arm7 .
looking for a pornstar similar to anna belle peaks hairstyle to fulfil my fetish cuz i cant find anyone elsewhere for some reason halp
hey devs is there any way you could add some of the p.o.i.s from bwc into the old z1 map ?
there 's a fair amount of open space here and there and i was thinking as follows
gas station/diner combos along all the roads in various places
military checkpoints the new ones can also be place at various crossroad and areas across the map
the church area from bwc could be added somewhere on the other side of the lake area by rancho taquito ?
i know all the p.o.i.s would n't be possible but i think if you could add these structures to the map it would really flesh it out as a whole and even add the various campsites and cabins in random wooded areas but leave them off of the map.so they 'd have to be found .
i got a new apple watch and just set it up with my iphone 5s .
the problem is it 's not showing correct time time and date .
it shows to be connected with bluetooth and everything seems fine what do i do ?
if you look at it alzheimer 's is a relatively new disease .
is that because it 's inevitable and only just now discovered because people are getting older than ever ?
do you think there are other diseases like this that we have n't discovered yet ?
going for arc kill on the boss so bring a character with arc please .
is there going to be any compensation for the server being down for so long ?
either 1080p or 4k and i do n't care so much about 60hz vs 120z or even response time so much as the natural processing ability of the chip in the tv .
i think response time helps a lot with that but i also want something that is just naturally good at handling motion .
when i say non-smart tv i mean i do n't want a tv that is constantly sending out wifi signals looking for a blutooth connection that you ca n't turn off and i do n't want a tv with a camera that spies on you constantly etc etc .
1shotgames here with a new 1shotplays this time we are enrolling into school.we are off to hope peak academy where only the very best get in .
but are things in this school really what they seem .
me and joe will be drinking throughout playing this game so chances are we will be getting drunk as we play .
this week i 've faced many many chinese and south korean players .
is there some sale or promotion going on there ?
very few of them lag but the ones that do lag with gumption
for some reason when you equip the shield for blackbeard then shoot a bit then switch to the deagle the same speed applies and you run slower .
skyrim has full dubs in other languages ? ? ? ?
man o man i 've been missing out here !
is it a title update or an actual update ?
when my wife and i were dating i was naked painting her closet with killz trying to over up a smell .
long story she used the opportunity to go through my phone and started screaming about a woman i had texted .
it was the woman training me at my new job .
i told her i do n't deal with invasions of privacy like that and the next time she pulled a stunt like that i was out .
ten years later my phone is still my phone .
there is nothing to hide and she can see anything on it if she asks .
but why be with someone you ca n't trust enough to respect their privacy ?
i am not ready for her statements of how it was n't a real baby yet so i should n't be sad .
or how i 'm still young so i can just make another one .
i will yell at her to her face if she even tries .
if she wants to help me feel better she will keep her mouth shut tomorrow and just let me work quietly .
it already hurts enough that my own parents are telling me i should n't be sad anymore and how at least it happened now and not when the baby was already fully formed ! ''
how about it should n't fucking happen ever because it hurts like hell twice over ?
by the way how do you usually restore the pins ?
not yet in the area but solar employs more people than coal right now .
i 've been an emt for two years now i like it a lot .
i 've heard techs do n't really get a lot of downtime are you hiding ? ?
i 'm very wary of anyone that says pure lsd '' ... first of all that 's how it should always be secondly how pure ?
and if they do n't know how pure ... why are they even calling it pure ...
it was in the mid 80s in the sf bay area today .
draymond got ejected for basically trying not to get his neck wrenched .
he did n't take a single offensive manuever that whole alteraction apart from things we may not have seen once they ended up on the ground .
spent the rest of the game intentionally running into players after the whistle slapping the ball out of peoples hands after the whistle threw an elbow a couple times boxing out .
that kid should n't have been in the game and spent the rest of the game doing a bunch of shit that could 've earned a t and never got a word from the refs .
aside from various levels of latinization that 's it though the particularly latinized churches will tend toward western theology as well .
so the differences range from identical to the orthodox except for union with the pope and as a corollary willingness to be in union with the pope being another difference '' to exactly the same as roman catholics except for exotic artwork . ''
what i am saying is that the majority of samples as typically used in modern music styles like hip hop require no license from the writer at all because they do n't use enough of the composition to constitute copying .
your post was removed because you did not follow rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonplaza/wiki/rules wiki_rule_3 .
please make sure you always include a link flair tag https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonplaza/wiki/guide wiki_link_flair_tags in your post 's body .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonplaza if you have any questions or concerns .
that is true but i 'm not talking about a digital watch .
if you have a digital clock and tripometer they need power to maintain their readout
i learned how to tune the guitar relative to adjacent strings and only had a pitch pipe for when i wanted an actual a440 reference .
best book purchase for new guitar players in my humble opinion is the guitar handbook by ralph denyer .
it teaches a beginner everything they need to know .
since i was a kid i 'd been watching anime .
after a while it became a normal thing a lifestyle prolly
they should just save fabric costs and play shirts vs. skins every game
i already did that one year but fully clothed .
i was thinking about buying a the flash cowel and being the flasher the fastest exhibitionist alive .
whatever your political beliefs the guy is a fucking clown .
millions of people died or worse in both world wars .
feminism got women looking a little less like 2nd class citizens and never directly killed anyone but there 's a handful of entitled chicks on twitter throwing a hissy-fit about manspreading '' or something so that 's worse .
i 'm not old enough to take the lsats just getting a head start . ''
this has been sugested before and teams will team with another team it would be fun tho .
i did n't know i wanted this until you mentioned it .
why could n't you do that for the broncos at any time this season mead you ball dropping embarrasment of a man fuck .
shows how little creativity you have it 's fairly easy to give a robot hair .
a transformer with a beard as a perfect example .
i mean left handed people make up a small fraction of the population .
i write with my left hand and still use a mouse with my right .
a giant peeing child in new york harbor would be a great tourist attraction .
being the tour guide through the structure would be ... colorful .
well i do n't ship picard and crusher for the simple reason that i never liked beverly at all .
the link you submitted does not point to a valid github repository .
if you think that this is a mistake please contact the mods .
funny enough i 'm currently waiting on a vinyl figure for that after contributing to weebl 's kickstarter
all in all we 're just another brick in the wall
you also had a big ass cushion with porter and oubre not missing .
curry was shooting like shit and the game would 've been over had the wizards knew how to defend david west flinging up shots and looney looking like olajuwon .
if you mix it up and having the stats on the back random role some health and mana and such it might improve the idea and be more enjoyable rather than just a picture .
more then likely we wo n't see one since beacon has fallen but maybe when they to reclaim it
eh one time at work i was in a line of people waiting for this taco bar that the fun club was throwing to open and a woman asked for a knife to cut open the big bag of shredded cheese .
i 'm not going to whip out in front of a room full of people much less give this woman my sage 1 but this foolish bastard that was next to me waves out a cold steel recon 1 tanto .
i was paranoid about board game pieces facing the correct direction as a child .
my parents have a home video of me freaking out when they moved their candy land pieces and did n't face them in the proper direction .
i 'd huff and turn the to face forward .
as soon as i 'd look away they adjusted them and i 'd freak out all over again .
i will admit to losing patience with him as it turns out prematurely .
he was a solid talent coming out of college and if it was n't for the bad hips he would 've been a 1st round pick .
glad we gave him time to have the surgeries and recover .
kudos to kevon for working his ass off all summer he 's thinner and a lot more agile now .
let 's not forget that the warriors have a recent history of sticking by their injured players and this looks to be another case where loyalty and patience paid off .
surprisingly most of the comments over there are calling bullshit on this so good on t_d for that .
of course some of them are also calling leftists shill over the post so that unexpectedly pleasant surprise got turned right back into predictable disgust but hey that 's a teeny tiny step in the right direction for them .
if it makes you feel any better which it wo n't i 'm sure the whole reason i 'm in grad school is because my bachelor 's degree did n't buy me a damn thing .
one paid 8.00 an hour and was basically scanning documents for 8 hours a day .
the other was going door to door trying to sell subscriptions to cable .
the latter the second i found out what the job actually entailed did n't even tell me at my first interview had to go to a second i got up and walked out of the interview in the middle of it .
now i 'm hoping my master 's will buy me something but even that 's up in the air .
i 'm certain the cook was drunk by the end of the night .
we had sweet and tangy porkless bites '' for dinner with rice and steamed veggies .
i 'm stressed about my project but it 's kind of late at night to work on it tonight .
he did n't do it to be racist he did it to talk some shit in a big game and get in a mufuckas head .
apparently it worked because the astros ripped that bitch !
should be a contract bonus if you ask me .
this has been a bad week for wall and wizards fans
the secretary of the treasury is the chairperson of cfius and notices to cfius are received processed and coordinated at the staff level by the staff chairperson of cfius who is the director of the office of investment security in the department of the treasury .
the members of cfius include the heads of the following departments and offices
the following offices also observe and as appropriate participate in cfius 's activities
the director of national intelligence and the secretary of labor are non-voting ex-officio members of cfius with roles as defined by statute and regulation .
hillary 's department was this one seat out of 14 .
only it was so routine and unanimous she did n't even take part .
1 upvote from me to the guy who bothers counting every single bird contained in this photo..
we 've been asking that question for multiple seasons though usually when beal 's also an option
some of the definition of early days '' are interesting ...
i do not know leo '' came osmund 's reply rife with frustration i should hope .
ufc.com is a great source but i would also recommend going as far as just getting the ufc app it keeps you posted on all the fight nights as well as several other organizations you may also find interesting like k-1 and other mma .
in the lore germany and austria impose harsh peace terms on italy for betrayal so they dissolved the nation
want to play help the spiritual successor to 5089 rombie ?
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
i once called out a plumber and he came over wearing one of those bizarrely loose and oversized and wooly cardigans of the mid 2000s .
it seems like a lot of different variations on the same theme which is the are taking all our . lazy unqualified mexicans are taking all the jobs ugly and low class minorities are taking all the white women the jews are taking all the money etc etc .
it seems like chuds just feel entitled to the good white picket fence life that a white man was depicted as having handed to him in the past .
when they are n't just issued a good job and a house in the burbs and a submissive woman to clean their crusty socks for them they get mad and blame it on minorities
i wonder if there are like local tshirt printing companies that would make a printed shirt for you on a shirt that fits you well ...
i mean getting legit clothing is great and all but if they do n't care about your size/do n't see it as profitable.. you should at least be able to wear comfortable clothes right ?
i was told that all i need to get over my phobia of relationships which i might add was caused by three intimacy-seeker type stalkers ie the very type who 're like i want to marry you and have babies with you and wo n't take no for an answer '' was starting a family with a good man '' .
you try living my teenage years and see if you want anything to fucking do with either dating or babies .
this has nothing to do with what your talking about .
if they denied her entry that would have been fine no problem there .
once she was in the tournament she was competing under the same rules same guide lines and won .
i would expect the exact same if a male was allowed into a female competition and won .
okinawans are some of the longest living people on the planet .
why have n't we got any salt from the mueller thread yet
we should be able to rebuild thanks to insurance but for the meanwhile i 'm living about half an hour from where i used to live
guessing because i usually listen to it the following morning but probably early am depending on where they are watching the game from .
i ca n't tell if you 're intentionally misinterpreting the rules to try an win an argument or if its just tunnel vision reading on your part ... but i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt on this and paste the part of the rule that you cited but still somehow glazed over
the player whose turn it is picks the order in which these units fight .
after all charging units have fought the players alternate choosing eligible units to fight with starting with the player whose turn it is until all eligible units on both sides have fought once each.
how much you wan na bet he used to post on r/atheism back when it was a default subreddit ?
utley with the key wave in while at the plate !
i honestly have no idea how anyone can join a group who call themselves the party '' .
so many alarm bells ring off after hearing the name ...
impala crapped himself and just fell to the floor as soon as he saw the cheetah found him .
sold a few binders worth of cards to them .
we negotiated for a bit and everything went smoothly !
if she 's able to work and has a good job then yes stay with that .
in the future if it 's necessary a disability attorney will help very much if she has several health issues .
the combination of issues is actually more important for being approved than each individually so she would probably be ok .
disability will deny 99 of applications at first and make you appeal .
they should work on contingency and will take a fee from your award .
but ssdi is awarded based on how many years you 've worked so if she can work it 's best to stick with it as long as possible .
i like that you kept each entry short and to-the-point with an appropriate picture or two .
two runs against the astros bullpen is totally plausible .
yashin is just on a another level but there is no goalkeeper that could save every single shot including cheese goals .
and yeah going to get reus ribery feels too slow .
it 's nice to see him admit his support for trump .
are we done with the graham is a sane person trying to save us all from trump bullshit ?
i need all of the heroes/villains stitched together so all 14 are in out awesome background
no pants take out and netflix sounds way better than whatever your party hardy friends are proposing
games will be uploaded to youtube during the week so no one misses the action
i just do not do sex driven plots or anything to do with genitalia .
just a little bit interesting but stephen paddock 's grandfather benjamin h paddock was a pedophile .
check this out and yes it was his grandfather .
if you would like to claim this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything after the line break and before the line break preceding end '' and replace the carets and the values inside them .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
i no plenty of bird law and there 's nothing to redundants this statement witch i make in full cooperation .
if you want it to save your ass it 's not the best option .
if you want to be a turbo-duck to a bunch of people at once it 's perfect for the job .
you can go into 1/2 or 3/8 tube from them too
name a time when the white man was being systematically oppressed in america and then there could be a case .
your post has been removed automatically because all images except for infographics must be submitted in text posts .
if you submitted an infographic please message the mods by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends otherwise click here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit ? selftext=true to resubmit your image the proper format .
if you 're not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
she 's not ugly or fat we just were n't feeling it .
i took a chance with a girl we both had a good time and we 're both moving on like adults .
we need to raise 1785 because go fund me keeps 5 percent
up vote for visibility i 'm about to drop 20 ! ! !
this sort of reminds me of the white savior trope .
black people do n't need white people to show them the way '' even if that way is left .
right i do n't want white saviors '' running around black communities telling us what to do lol .
was n't that the whole trope that joss whedon was trying to subvert ?
no but if you ran that one i hope you had a great race day !
i 'd like to think she used information collected by other parties like she did with the lone wanderer .
the wasteland survival guide she wrote in fo3 with the help of our character supposedly reached the mojave desert so i 'd bet she kept on gathering knowledge and compiling it for future publications .
if your gon na lose your hair at 25 might as well take it right ?
thank god bad managing there did n't prevent that run from scoring .
i just wanted to say people should n't be terrified because you know it 's good deep down .
but you know the reach you need the objections what people value .
not just your friends who probably do n't want to say something inappropriate but if you validated showing the prototypes with the target audience and tested the marketing on a experimental run you would have numbers that can give you peace of mind .
i 'm glad he is taking a risk to put something out into the world .
if not i hope he starts developing an understanding of the numbers for his actual inventory .
have some idea of conversion rate reaching a thousand it would sell to x of people how much reach does 100 in ads cost .
if this is new to anyone all things being equal consider the ad design website design photos and copy factors in the conversion rate .
ads should be tailored to the nature of the platform .
the reach performance reach/dollar can vary by platform or medium used .
personally i like testing online to offline performance and comparing the results .
sounds like post-partum anxiety it can happen to anyone so do n't feel bad you 're not crazy .
my friend had it after she had her baby she was also not eating or sleeping it got really bad one day so she went in with her husband to talk to a doctor and she was treated with medication .
i think she took them for around 10 months and that 's all she needed to feel normal again she was able to breastfeed as well .
it 's more common than you 'd think and your past trauma is probably contributing to it a bit too .
do n't be afraid to get some help there are so many women who are in the same boat .
congrats to you and your man on your baby girl !
raptors game on spostbet have leo the old guy only does raptors game on tsn
you probably also want to get in the habit of doing the comparison as is none instead of none and is not none instead of ! none .
in python none is a singleton only one instance of it is ever allowed so is which checks that two things are the same object works and is generally the preferred style .
no it is n't but i want to help .
when freelance consulting is it necessary to file a sole proprietorship in order to name a company instead of using my legal name in the title ?
i do n't care about taxes or forming a llc since i likely wo n't be doing any actual work under this company name .
if you form a company you will have to file a tax return even if you zero out everything .
i 'm really not sure how i feel about benn handing an opposing player 's stick to said opposing player .
i believe the drawings actually matched exactly down to the single strokes .
bars rate how strong your signal is between the phone and the tower .
it means nothing about thr quality of that signal the frequency it is using or the capacity of that tower .
you are liking using b12 indoors which is a 5x5 slice of lte .
outdoors you connect to b4 which is likely 20x20 or b2 which is likely 10x10 .
possibly using carrier aggregation you have 35x35 outside vs 5x5 inside .
i 'm glad we scored a nice goal that period but i 'm still ultra tilted about that pathetic fucking call that lead to the dallas goal .
trump was warned against firing sessions right after he had fired comey because of how bad it would look .
he 'll whine tweet project and distract but i do n't think he 'd try to fire rosenstein .
he has a great deal of amazon stock worth that much money .
that 's just semantics to a certain degree of course but it does mean that an enormous chunk of that money '' appears and disappears as the value of the stock goes up and down .
i 'm not an expert on tax law so i wo n't claim to know exactly how this works but i 'm also fairly certain that even if bezos did decide to suddenly cash out his amazon stock he 'd lose an enormous chunk of the money to taxes .
plenty of people benefit from getting an outside opinion or way of thinking no matter if they have a teacher or not .
i certainly learned a ton from my colleagues and other musicians in school and i continue to learn from other musicians just about every single day .
violin is just too weird an instrument physically to self teach without developing detrimental technical issues .
if you do n't care about that and do n't mind fighting the instrument and possibly injuring yourself that 's up to you though .
we likely wo n't find out the scope until monday .
do n't respond because i 'm not going to respond to anything else you say .
they used to be terrifying massive creatures and now they 're ... birds .
it 's 73 inside the stadium and 65 outside .
i would like to apply for altuve to adopt me .
hey guys in case you had n't heard yet ...
he 's the team captain i would argue that sinatraa is the star player on team usa .
you were probably given the option to opt out in the mounds of incoming student paperwork you did n't read .
it 's most likely an extra option like emailing a particular office .
the article did n't say the option to opt out was an easy one to find .
you can petition the school to give you a copy of everything you 've signed and all the records they have .
the supervisor clapped and asked if our hero would like to be his son 's god father .
do n't see that happening though i do know a lot about rangers and spend a lot of time on their website so i 'd fit in .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that and boston is the second most successful sports city in united states history by number of championships .
it 's no surprise that a market like boston would be promoted over salt lake .
on a personal note it does n't really bother me all that much .
i 've always preferred to be out of the spotlight in an underdog roll even on a smaller scale in the state of utah see username .
byu and utah fans in my elementary school salt lake area would give me such shit when i 'd wear anything weber state related .
you do n't take progesterone or anything like that do you ?
i just know i went through a period where my hormones were fucked up and i went through a period of dark depression so.. just an idea .
dumb question but since its usb should n't it work with anything with a usb c port ?
or is it that some phone makers make it so you can only use their adapters for only their phone .
like what really bothers me is when like you 're significant other uses like the same word when they talk .
now like i do n't mean when they repeat themselves what like bothers me is when they like add in like a word that like does n't even need to be there and like do it all the time ... like .
if you drop biyombo on us it will cost a lot more than what you are suggesting
and yet you got to be on this earth as the same time as guy fieri .
new zealand has one of the best economies in the world the former leader was very centre.. the media like to say centre right but our social policy was already left of obamas america quite substantially .
i would consider national centre left and act centre right .
we will see how she goes but it looks like our economy will suffer .
she is changing employment laws that were set up to attract hollywood .
the movie business will suffer increasing minimum wage to 20 an hour is a joke so there will be massive job loss tax increases on fuel and water hurting our farmers and the fact that the dollar dropped the moment she took power hurts everyones buying power .
the amount of extra social spending and nutbar policies like free tertiary education is going to have education centers filled with people who are there because it was free and cost the country billions .
negative effects but i guess the left wont care about the economy if you can legally by pot with youre benifet money .
by the way nz did n't vote for her .
she formed a coalition with 2 other minor parties to get passed national who had more seats than labour and nz first combined .
the losers of the election rallied together to beat the most popular party.. she is the priminster under mmp so i wish her luck .
i hope i get proven wrong and the upward trend this counrty has been enjoying continues but im pretty sure this ends the same way it did last time national took over from labour massive restrictions on social spending and selling assets to try to claw ourselves out of debt from the fiscally irresponsible former government .
my uncle loves to present himself as a reasonable conservative whenever he gathers the balls to respond to a washpo or nytimes article posted by a liberal on fb ...
though his idea of being reasonable is to find some idiotic and/or pedantic reason to write-off the article .
yesterday he wrote off a washpo article because it was ill-conceived '' because it used the term american democracy '' ...
fucking moron does n't realize we are a democratic republic .
we 're simply not a pure or simple democracy .
this alone is why he brushed off the washpo article .
little does he know we can see everything he likes '' and comments on ... .
which consists almost entirely from breitbart freedom watch the federalist papers louder with crowder and prageru .
even foxnews and theblaze are too grounded in reality for him .
i guess i can take comfort in the fact that i have n't seen evidence that he watches alex jones ...
1080p60 games will have choppy playback then or captured at a lower res i suppose .
i do n't agree on the sheppard subway line though .
yes it does take time but mind you during 1950-1980 there would be people complaining about oh the subway were such a waste blah blah blah '' .
look at sheppard/leslie and sheppard/bayview now there are lots of condo coming up and you can still get condo units under 500k .
the bessarion station will be packed in a few year when all those concord park place condos come online .
i was n't concerned whether it made him a racist .
not if they are supporting the enemy in any way .
but this would provide a hard counter to nozdormu .
oh shit i ca n't think of what to do pull out my ethernet cable while i think .
okay i have a plan plug in ethernet cable and continue turn .
side note akers is going to be a monster .
probably based on number of achievements rather than gamer score
protests that are easy to ignore do n't tend to be all that effective
yo i 'm light 271 and i 'm still stuck getting 265 legendaries how do i break the cap on the packages ?
it does n't sound like you understand much about technical optimization at all .
yes i 've seen the benches for ac origins .
it 's a demanding game no doubt but it 's also leagues above previous ac games in terms of scope and graphics .
it 's a technical wonderland and it 's not a slight that it is cpu demanding .
compared to previous ac titles like unity its better optimized but ubisoft still has a long way to go when it comes to optimizing assassins creed .
the fact that this runs as well as it does is nearly miraculous .
if this was n't a ubisoft game most people would be tripping over themselves to talk about how amazing this game is from a technical perspective .
if you are outnumbered combat as high as you can get it .
only spend points on exploration/production if you are n't getting enough clips .
that oxy sign makes me wish i had some meds right about now .
more the owner i do n't think he 'd go for it .
you are getting everything apple advertised at the time of sales .
that they could have offered a more secure or better product is irrelevant .
i ca n't control how you feel and that 's really besides the point .
i think the idea is right but i do n't think we can risk leaving so few men at the wall .
a somewhat smaller force would probably be safer . ''
i used to draft 1st liners in nhl 18 i now know that is wrong
i use o6 in brazil where it 's 10k per r/t some flights from gru-mao are 600 depending on date/times .
he has already pmed me i will respond back to him when im on pc
he was burned up in an oven thing by the parents of the town .
man they will write any excuse to have sexualized lolis huh ?
hey bob over here might have found some good stuff about russia it 's not his area of expertise though who else do we have who can run this down ? ''
i ca n't figure out how to get my python program hosted on a website in time for you guys to try out my fomorian drop simulation so i 'll just copy/paste my python code here it requires numpy and astropy for table formatting if you implement it somewhere please give me some credit ... xd .
num input 'how many fomorian runs do you want to simulate ? '
print 'number of complete imperator vandal sets ' min ivbp ivreceiver ivbarrel key=int
for instance if you were to run this mission 50 times one such simulation returned the following result
the moral of this post is that rng can be nice or be a bitch .
at minimum this is a pretty great endo farm .
i ca n't seem to find it can one of you tell me where it is ?
when other luxury companies take the time to hand build and personally check over every single car
if you think a porsche cayenne is n't similarly 80 vw toureg you 're so far up the anti-fca circle jerk that you 're not thinking straight .
i 'm not saying the levante is an amazing suv but clearly there 's some heavy bias to trying to make it seem worse than it is .
try belica support propably shinbi will be off lane the drone plus the stun is a hard counter and of course you have the caster delete button on the r .
i was n't trying to refute you or anything .
the human eye can really see up to around 2600 3000 flashes per sec
even though billy wanted to push dixie out of the company ?
despite the ability to do whatever you want technically there are also things i imagine frustrating an elder such as crops dying if not watered energy meter time limit in terms of season on crops and such .
although i think it would be a good idea i would be weary to suggest it for an elder in her oarticular situation .
watching your team in the world series is not fun at all it turns out .
katal was what i really wanted from the banner so i 'm happy .
the ssbs are welcome stat sticks as my armor synergy for melees has been lacking in viii so far and their effects can come in handy in certain situations .
you are pearls other unwanted son derek julie rebecca forrester .
i moved here five years ago after living in san francisco and growing up in detroit .
i often describe phoenix to others as having an actual rush hour instead of stop and go traffic as a rule .
i think the issue here is that in the last five years it feels substantially worse than the 10 years before that .
the whole point of this forum is for us all to find our way through the entanglement of beliefs and identities we have amassed over our lifetime .
my proposal is to provide those who have found their way to a place where stories and labels do n't dominate their life a role to help others do the same .
come on dude you ca n't include comments that would clearly be downvoted .
in all the wall threads whenever someone says something like that they get crucified .
why did n't he just drive it back to the garage ?
he 's plenty close enough to the pit entry .
just throw a ban in there you know he is the thief we deserve .
i knew going in to expect mediocrity at best but i was still disappointed .
even with sloppy gameplay balance and it being far too puzzly for my taste i pushed through thinking a game scenario written by kato had to pick up at some point .
ec2-a/b would be a good possibly better compared to da fit then .
we had groupme in my last challenge but i am happy to download this other app as well..
but in me you cant transfer sometimes it doesnt need to be 10 units it can only be 1 .
oh i literally just finished listening to blood of bannockburn
and people were wondering why we were so desperate to get sandro .
nothing to do with discontent with alonso but we need someone of a lot of quality to have some proper competition in there .
why should women devote any resources of a movement devoted to their betterment to the primary betterment of men ?
why do women have to do anything to primarily benefit men in order to justify helping themselves ?
i am ok with feminist actions having secondary benefit towards men but i want 100 of feminisim primarily devoted to the betterment of women .
the feminist movement is n't about eradicating all sexism .
it 's purpose is empowering women and removing their oppression of which sexism is one of many oppressions .
it and hostile sexism have to work hand and hand in order to maintain oppression .
they are the opposing sides of the same coin .
i am sorry learning that what you think is women 's privilege is actually more oppression makes you uncomfortable .
but your comfort or acceptance of that idea has no bearing on how the two systems negatively affect the women in our society .
i wan na know if the child bonuses are legit bc then it 'd be a sure bet that tm2 cast makes more .
all the girls have more than 1 kid and the dads do too with different people too .
jeremy does n't have another kid but i think that 's about it .
there is a huge difference between then and now .
the world is too connected right now for something like that to happen .
and my priorities in life are family friends and learning new things .
aside from said invasions for maintaining hegemony protecting allies etc
let me spell it out for you again you said we only have those invasion plans for self-defense .
i pointed out that we almost never use them for self-defense and instead use them for any other reason we wish .
you then say there are some other reasons but those other reasons do n't count '' and are red herrings '' .
the long list of reasons other than self-defense was my entire point .
in what world will we attack all the other countries aside from said invasions for maintaining hegemony protecting allies etc
i never once even implied that we 're likely to spontaneously attack other countries and i 've directly stated the opposite .
the idea that we almost always use them for things like maintaining hegemony combating communism facilitating coups protecting allies etc .
was my point and has been from the start .
go back and reread if you need to and lord do you need to .
try explaining wherever you think you saw the words i said to give you that idea .
i think it 'd be really funny to see you try .
if it 'd help you not flounder so much you could quote directly what you 're responding to .
it seems like it 's too hard for you to remember things while writing .
jumped back up here since i just saw you tried once below but it honestly only made me laugh harder since it seems like you do n't know the difference between paraphrasing and quoting or just the meaning of let me use your exact words '' lmao .
you adapted the original point into your terrible writing and it was n't even relevant the one time you tried .
i 'm kind of tired of restating stuff you should 've been able to read the first time to correct you .
it 's like talking to a somehow less intelligent brick wall at least the wall echoes properly .
which is never aside from the 6 that you claim as 99 lmao
i really ca n't tell whether you 're unable to grasp basic reading comprehension or are purposely misconstruing the things i 've said .
for whatever reason you also act like i said the past 2-3 decades when i was talking about interventions over the past century .
i do n't need to explain that 100 years ! 30 years do i ?
i also referred to the amount of interventions not the of countries .
we intervene in the same places multiple times since we 've fucked with them before .
i guess that 's a more subtle difference and you already struggle to keep track of basic numbers so i should probably just let it slide .
the 99/100 times '' was n't even supposed to be a specific amount hence why i 'd just used dozens '' before .
i just was repeating the number i 'd used in the dildo analogy in the mocking quote of you .
side note that 's one of the weirdest sentences i 've ever typed .
it was for a joke and it 's hilarious you 've desperately latched onto that as a specific thing when you 've hopelessly missed or misread most everything else .
i 'll humor you and genuinely go into the specifics though .
especially since you seem so hung up on them you ca n't even manage a different sarcastic way to call me genius '' .
ground troops iraq 2003 afghanistan 2001 haiti 1994 yugoslavia 1993 somalia 1992 gulf war 1991 panama 1989 grenada 1983 lebanon 1982 laos 1971 cambodia 1970 dominican republic 1965 vietnam 1965 cuba 1961 lebanon 1958 korea 1950 china 1946 wwii 1941 panama 1925 honduras 1925 honduras 1924 china 1922 guatemala 1920 honduras 1919 yugoslavia 1919 russia 1918 25/26 96 reasons other than self-defense .
i 'll bother to enumerate each one if you can name even 1 that was self-defense .
i remember much fewer of them off the top of my head and the effort in these posts are already a bit too one sided at the moment for me to bother .
not to mention this comment 's already huge not sure you 'll be able to make it through the whole thing .
ditto for this one any proxies that were self defense ?
i 'm not even sure if it 'd be better or worse to use the past century '' as 1900 instead of literally 100 years .
wwi probably counts as self-defense but we fucked around with latin america and the pacific even more before that .
so 96 of ground troop interventions were n't self defense 100 of vehicle support only interventions were n't self-defense and 100 of the proxy wars/coups were n't self defense .
uh oh looks like the war plans are almost never used in self-defense huh ?
oh and this https www.amazon.com/oxford-american-writers-thesaurus-auburn/dp/0199829926 might help with that writing problem genius '' .
our plans to kill castro are all with the intention of committing a douchebag act .
thr plans for self defense can not be tallied up and compared to plans to commit a asshole move .
an immense amount of plans for killing castro a leader is just as arbitrary ?
aside from saying that nearly all those invasion plans will only happen when attacked comparing those plans with the amount of plans to kill a leader to fight off communism a specific goal they were going for is stupid .
they were 2 times as many plans to kill castro 1 guy for a goal but lets compare it to all these other hypothetical plans that nearly all will never happen .
like i said genius hundreds of plans to assassinate one man can not be compared to all the plans that will most likely only be used in self defense
this whole bit is so barely coherent i would n't be surprised if you were drunk writing it .
let me try to put it into cohesive thoughts and if you think i went wrong somewhere you can rite it gooder next thyme .
both types of plans are plans to do different things .
one is to invade a country and the other is to kill a guy .
one type has specific motives and other has arbitrary motives . ''
the type of plan/the motive behind it is irrelevant to the analogy .
i could also compare how i have lots of plans about vacations i 'd like to take but hardly expect to go on all of them .
that 's how an analogy works comparing two things that are not the same to highlight the common aspects they share .
in this case the common aspect is the idea that having many plans does n't mean you expect to execute all or most of them .
pointing out that the two types of plans are different in x way does n't mean much .
you could try arguing that the similarity being highlighted is n't actually shared between them .
that 'd be the case you would expect most plans of a certain type to be executed .
the ratio of invasion plans that we do n't use is way higher than the ratio of assassination plans we do n't use .
scale can also be irrelevant in a comparison beyond a certain point .
i 'm so hungry i could eat a horse '' and i 'm so hungry i could eat a whale '' mean pretty much the same thing i 'm really damn hungry '' despite a whale being over 250x more massive than a horse .
both are much more massive than the amount of food you 'd expect a normal person to eat .
i 'm sorry your english teachers have failed you so badly .
i would n't be surprised if they 've literally had to fail you .
i 've tried my best to dumb these concepts down for ya but i 'm only human .
and the part where he ripped the duvet off ?
honestly they have n't added anything significant since they stopped adding stretch goals a few years ago .
there 's a couple things like foip or new ships but everything else including procedural generation was promised years ago .
we just did n't think they 'd finish proc gen so soon
and did anyone notice beneath asgard there was a cristal or ice looking palace ?
i went on a week cruise with no computer then ended up not playing for two weeks after but then i started watching .
nialus 's youtube videos when work was slow and it was only a few days later till i was back on factorio tryin out a yuoki base .
javi with the assist on the second goal rudy with the key pass on the first goal .
i avoided this sub for months thinking it was actual animal cruelty .
i 'll put it in the next form check thread .
the catalans probably would n't have done that if a legal vote was an option .
my brain but i 'm not sure i can trust the thought .
yeah someone on fox said if democrats ca n't win virginia he 's gon na sit back and laugh his ass off at them ... let 's see what his response is when they win p
i have to hit you up for the hookup .
because they 're hopping planes to 'murica and they 're comin ' to take arrr jerbs !
i was on the last leg of a 4000 mile roadtrip in my 1971 suburban filled witj gear for all the different situations of my trip .
picked up a guy with his dog archie in wytheville va and took him all the way the pocono pa. good rule of thumb just saying not always the case .
i see your ms paint skills and raise you a wikipedia article
it was nominated for an oscar but did n't win .
it 's a historical drama set in the early 1900 's about a young chinese girl who gets married off to an older man who already has several wives .
sell at .00099899 some dude is selling 61k at .00099999 that dip will be a huge impact .
they lay it all out there in black and brown .
that forever ever song is rivalled by straps got active on this one
he cheated on his first wife with his second wife too .
plus the master passer '' fabregas usually struggles to beat the first man for the other corners
do not send an envoy i will send one to you .
my brother stevron and my trusted advisor ser tristan ryger will be arriving in riverrun within the week .
well wishes may the gods watch over us all .
i do n't like how they make their employees work mandatory long hours and apparently instead of putting in a/c in their warehouses they just have an ambulance outside waiting for employees to collapse .
doing a bunch of games of game modes like single draft will help you learn all the heroes .
you 're def gon na suck your first 500 or so games .
the best thing you can learn is what all the heroes can do so you can know your enemies
i 'm not even a fan of these characters but their costumes are so much cooler than what we got .
you had to wait until you were a senior to play basically .
people who hang up the phone demand that conversations be on their terms and do n't take into consideration treating other people with respect .
i suppose you should shut the fuck up as well then ?
the reason they tell you to get everything done before preseason is because of the essence price changes .
the only thing they 're truly removing is rerolling champ shards since the new system allows you to get and redeem a lot more of them .
well can you provide the source for this demonstration ?
you are assuming quite a lot about me simply on the basis that i 'm a fan of tds .
i will gladly respond to your points once i 'm done with being at a party .
a question for the meantime do n't you think that some men and women are predators ?
and that the possibility exists that an intoxicated state might be taken advantage of ?
see i do n't believe every man or woman is a rapist .
i just think they are out there and it is best to not get yourself in a situation that could be taken advantage of such as going to a party alone and getting black-out drunk or even accepting drinks from strangers .
sure you are having fun but your laggy ass character i 'm sure frustrates the locals .
i think it wo n't be hard to create but it will be hard to program '' .
that is to say true ai will have to be taught and will have to make assumptions and guesses etc and in the end will be more like an organic brain than a computer .
flash is really tough to defend with get used to that speed parry timimg and master your distance control rushdown and runaway i almost always trait after a bounce be it forward or back 3 and sometimes even after an uppercut .
b2 2 f3 into running man stance seems to be a really popular thing so i learned it and people and computers have a hard reading it .
above all go to practice and work out and extended combo u can do then practice that so you have some kind of offensive .
also set your matchmaking to solo if you want to stay in the map for hours .
for just 19.95 plus shipping and handling you too can keep your robes whiter and your brights brighter .
having watched this semifinal tell me again how is lee sin so op ?
it works better for me to handpaint rather than dye in pots so i can really control the humidity and how much the colour spreads from the places where i apply the speckles .
this time i 've been extra careful when washing so that the extra dye does n't bleed on all the yarn and voilà !
i have the free the majority of the twitter voters even are watching it .
and if they are they likely vote for their favorite fighter
it still does n't work other games i download from steam work right away .
yeah i do n't understand why the devs nerfed koreans instead of buffing them .
oh oh this is gon na be removed soon ...
i know because i basically made the same post ... .
so christopher steele ca n't write fiction under the guise of truths ?
that would n't make it not a dossier authored by steele .
it would be a genuine dossier of fiction or even a genuine dossier of lies but it still would genuinely be a dossier authored by steele .
people ca n't lie to steele so the information he thinks is true is actually false ?
if a witness gets on the stand and lies does that make it a fake trial and a fake court of law ?
if steele is receiving funds for dirt on someone if he finds nothing he may get less money .
whereas if he gets caught just making shit up his whole business will go down and he will potentially end up not just with less money but in bankruptcy court with a negative net worth .
also although this concept is probably foreign to you there is this thing called integrity and you have no actual justification for impugning on steele 's .
this creates an incentive for fabricating incriminating information as it directly means steele gets more money .
whereas the need to uphold his professional reputation to be able to continue his business provides a much stronger incentive and of course then there 's basic ethics and human decency and as already pointed out you do n't actually have a single good reason to impugn steele 's integrity .
nobody is denying that steele wrote the dossier they 're arguing over the credibility of the information steele put in the dossier .
then perhaps they should learn to use english properly .
i 'm not butthurt i definitely agree that miami earned the win .
just wondering how the game would have been different with different weather .
yea i think newbee misplayed a lot as individuals up until egs hg pushes .
moogys monkey was quite bad faith feeding tombs like nothing ... sccc was mvp .
or conversely a user asks for things with expectations of some kind of return while a true friend does n't .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll be around for the next hour or two so that 'll work out well .
just let me know when you see this message and i 'll fire up the old new 3ds .
if your brain saw in a constant stream 24 fps would look like stop motion animation .
our professors are on some bullshit this semester and our major has a hella high dropout rate .
i know this is a dumb question but i 've downloaded that .
and i 'm not sure what to do with it .
do i add it as a source in file manager ?
because i did that and then tried to install from repository but it just seems empty .
i would n't comment asking for help i just ca n't find any decent advice on google or here .
your submission was automatically removed because your account is less than two days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rengarmains if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like a girl i went to high school with .
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
good thing they 're discussed in the news ... oh wait american news are trash too
what the hell is it with this america bias from nintendo ?
is it not enough that europe is paying 60 more for less content bundle ?
and the console barebones is 80 more expensive in europe .
marlboro benson dunhill camel all cost less than 1.50 a pack and the cigs are pretty good compared to the imported ones .
l m is like 80 cents and is considered a shit cigarette
i 'm not the biggest linkin park fan or anything but this was really cool .
nothing i sent him a request and asked if he had zebras in stock in a size 8
i 'll have an eye out for your shop when it opens 😊
i 'd rather see the tactics laid out than hear what the manchildren are doing with them .
are you saying that just because of population stats ?
so in that same vein most people who let 's say ... play video games are sensors as well correct ?
i too have also once brought home a ventriloquists puppet by mistake .
a lot of people do n't like skt winning every time but watching the greatest team ever play is great .
in richarlison 's defense there was contact and therefore it was correct not to ban .
all i want is a lukaku goal and a davies clean sheet is that too much to ask ?
'so if you take a picture of your pot plants growing in your basement ... '
did you stop and offer a copy of the video to the suv driver ?
i feel like even though it 's pretty obvious what happened the other driver could still claim that it was n't completely his fault .
i 'm just wondering because i always said that i would stop if i caught an accident on my dashcam .
that 30th round was one of the best ever to watch both teams played it really well and it was just amazing tactically despite all the chaos .
this game is definitely worth buying the martial arts aspect is damn near addictive the storyline profound and frankly there 's nothing like playing it for the first time
a game can be overshadowed and underrated without selling poorly or being in any danger of dying . ''
if arms sells 3 million copies then it 's objectively a successful game but if every other first-party game sells 9 million copies or better it can still be fairly described as being overshadowed especially if its sales relative to other titles are not in line with the perceived quality of the game .
you referred to those attacks '' to include yourself .
do a better job writing your posts if you do n't want to be misunderstood .
speak for yourself but i feel a strong bias with this .
if anything the worlds series have become much larger with alot more overall concurrent viewers .
not everyone wants them to lose and that series was not in the least boring to watch .
i just downloaded the spp from your link and it seems to be the 2017.09 spp for g7
that 's so weird surely it would be feet and miles ?
the uk has a weird hybrid system probably because it 's a generational thing .
like people ask how many miles to the gallon does my bike take when i have no idea how much a gallon is and we get our fuel in litres !
my parents and grandparents still prefer miles but i can do both miles and kilometers .
we buy most things in litres apart from milk which still comes in pints ?
we project good values on her because we see her as another victim of donald .
did n't know that simon doull took a dip in the lazarus pit and revived his cricketing career .
my only issue with the combat is that while i am fighting along side an npc when the thing we are fighting dies it auto locks onto the npc and every gets pissed at me .
the only way i have found to change my targeting is to put my weapon away and pull it out again until it targets the right person
protecting and raising my top and bot kids is my full time job . ''
lpl has achieved a lot more and this worlds cemented it .
you can do either soft or hard glass on a torch but soft glass melts at a lower temperature so you just keep the torch turned lower so it does n't get drippy .
i think the only reason most people doing furnace glassblowing use soft glass is because you 'd have to keep the furnace about 400 degrees f hotter which is a nuisance for a lot of reasons .
the difference you 're talking about is the coefficient of expansion coe which does n't really affect where you can work the glass but does affect how you cool it because as you mention you can get cracking if you 're not careful .
most soft glass has a coe of either 104 or 96 which means it cools faster than hard glass which usually has a coe of 33 .
that becomes a problem when you finish a piece because the outside cools faster than the inside so it contracts and puts stress on the whole piece .
that 's part of why most people cool their work in a kiln that slowly steps down in temperature .
that 's also why borosilicate glass baking dishes are more hardy because they do n't expand/contract as much in the oven so they deal with temperature changes better .
i got it too in the first few minutes of release but mine ships in december .
so they must change it so that the performance will increase because alot of people have trouble with it !
i have to ask myself the same question all the time what would a normal person do ?
look we know all doom and gloom is here today .
we are worried for our squad and fearful for a result .
all do respect we should and will smash this team .
we have to keep positive that we got our ass kicked and sent home with our tail between our legs .
but we need to keep it going the season is long and to important to give up on .
we are going to do it and we will get the result .
the waffle house bacon egg cheese melt with a side of grits and coffee .
i 'll probably live longer without the sandwich but damn i love waffle house coffee !
hindi ko na talaga maalala yung plot ng cardcaptor sakura so wala na akong maintindihan sa post mo .
does anyone have any better examples of the supposed tracing ?
i 'm really not convinced by the example in the link .
you 're going to ignore the strikingly different reactivity of copper and gold when looking at reasons to use one or the other ?
i dare you to wear bare copper earrings and tell me how much you love the verdigris stains ...
i 'm speechless looks like galio is going to get a new skin congrats to skt but also to rng also bang is back
my enjoyment of snow is directly related to my free time to play in it which seems to shorten every year .
i did buy a season pass for the first time since i was in college sugarbush 30s pass so maybe i can turn my bad attitude around !
plus my daughter is old enough to learn to ski so i figure that 's a good excuse to get off my butt this winter .
i think i read somewhere she has a track record of magically being right where antifa people are they do n't just magically target people at random for this .
305 hunter with coldheart celestial nighthawk all the goodies to kill effectively lfg prestige raid cheese or not is fine or nm raid .
i have multiple nm clears and prestige clears yet the hand cannon prestige helmet gloves and boots elude me .
so alas i am stuck doing them for ze time being .
as someone who is starting from scratch and is interested in getting into le where do i start ?
should i join the reserves program for my city 's pd to gain experience ?
how long of a process until i likely get hired ?
i 'm just looking for the quickest route to become a police officer .
if someone can list the steps i should take i 'd very much appreciate it .
hi i currently using canon 750d which is not professional and i was wondering what kind of camera is good for upgrade .
i am asking for some advises for brands and models that are not so expensive like red for example .
on bitcoincharts.com where you can load raw data '' for bitcoin prices what time block does the hourly close price map to ?
if there 's a row where the datetime is 2017-10-28 10:00:00 and the close price is 5550 is that the last price from 9:00:00-9:59:59 or is it the last price of the 10th hour i.e .
the phone is smooth and fast as lightning with 8.1 overall performance is even better .
unless i destroy it by accident i would probably have no problems using it in 2020 and beyond .
can smartphones change so dramatically in 3 years so that pixel 1 will become obsolete ?
i have only just started a few days ago and i want to hear what some of you have to say about edging .
i had a crush on my friend a while ago before we were really close .
she had a boyfriend at the time who she was n't really into ? ?
we kissed a few times during that and it was n't anything like serious ? ?
but i found myself crushin hard and always wanting to kiss her and shit bc im a loser oops .
she has a new boyfriend who she actually likes and we 've become closer friends .
i dont know if its because we 're closer friends now but like ugh its messing with my head so much .
shes still really into her boyf but idk it might be fading ? ? ? ?
open to trading for other knives and skins as well .
feel free to add me as a friend to discuss
in this climate of saffronization and identity politics i wish we had someone like him to guide us .
if you do n't know who he is i highly recommend you read about him .
he 's probably the most respectable person that i have read about .
how is the playerbase right now on pc as far as finding matches go ?
it seems to be pretty high overall steamcharts says 1.5k .
i 'd probably mostly be playing ranked although i guess i 'd play some casuals as well .
also a little worried that it seems to be losing some players monthly .
have you guys noticed an increase in search times etc .
i am wondering what the best way to use the cinevideo feature is .
just standing in place rotating and it just seems like there is a lot of motion blur with things moving .
maybe it 's me but does anyone know why iota hasnt been added to binance yet in blockfolio ?
is there a power level cap on item from xur npc ?
i love the power dynamics that can be created with roleplaying .
i ca n't tell you why but i love being humiliated .
i look around my fraternity showers and everyone is so much bigger than i am .
i 'm into sph cuckolding maybe with a more hung roommate or something facesitting maybe forced bi and even into trying pegging .
i want to do whatever it takes to please you and your lover .
maybe we 've been dating for 6 months and i 've had trouble pleasing you in bed .
you walked in on one of my roommates in the shower and found out how big he was so you decided to set something up .
we go out drinking and then back to your place .
as we 're hooking up on your couch you text him to come over and he walks in .
or maybe we 're really good friends but you 've started to dominate my thoughts .
you 're the first thing i think about when i wake up in the morning and the last thing i think about when i go to sleep .
my obsession has grown and grown as i time goes on .
i ca n't get you out of my head .
theres nothing that i would n't do to see your sexy body naked to have you ride my face to smell your scent .
please make me do things that i would n't even dream of doing unless you told me to .
i have other ideas and i 'm open to different ideas that you may have as well !
i 'm up for whatever even if you just want to talk .
looking for a 120hz monitor lem me know what you got
stayed at the hollywood roosevelt and fell in love with this bench anyone seen something similar ?
as the donkey takes a seat the bartender asks what will you be drinking tonight ? ''
the donkey replies give me a shot of your most expensive drink the top of the top shelf whatever has the most zeros in its price tag ! ''
the bartender then asks alright that will be one moment my good sir what 's the special occasion ? ''
the donkey replies i just got my masters degree and i feel like i 'm on top of the world ! ''
the bartender 's snarky response was wow i did n't know they let barn animals into colleges these days .
the donkey replied do n't be a smart-ass . ''
so i just decided that i 'm gon na work and take 2 gap years .
however i have almost finished my primary app and i was wondering how i could save everything i did ?
how would i go about saving my lors that have already been sent for future use since i have a committee letter in there that i do not want to lose .
i purchased last year 12 unlocked winter cosmetics cases about 6 months ago with the intention of selling them for a profit but much to my surprise as i went to list them today they where unmarketable !
this was shocking to me as 3 days prior one had been sold .
was this an unmarked change or are my crates just bugged i need some help !
i 've put a lot of things in my mouth and loved it all .
you could say i have a bit of an oral fixation .
i get antsy when i have n't filled my mouth in a while .
well it 's been a few weeks and i am dying ...
i want to make you feel good maybe cum ...
it 's really all about if you have something you want to put in my mouth .
im looking around at used wrangler prices around my area .
2012s are asking for 19k on 2 door soft top base wheels .
there is some negotiating power here being used but they are all being listed around the same price for the sports .
assuming these are all base models through and through a 2018 two door sport is only 23k brand new .
im having trouble understanding how there is a market for a 5 year old vehicle at just a few grand shy of a brand new one .
so this is all wildly speculative but with the information given from ca n't fear your own world i began to wonder what the origin of the noble families and other aristocratic families might be .
thinking back to all the divine armors and equipment we 've seen through the series the one that really got me thinking was the sacred weapon of the ise family and how it was meant to kill a god .
perhaps in the distant past there were more gods or other divine beings that ruled soul society and the rest of the known worlds .
perhaps the noble families and other aristocratic families came to power by overthrowing the original gods and seizing power that has lasted all this time .
i know it 's not really that well supported but i wanted to know what other people thought as we come up on more information in the next few months .
just a sample scenario this can be changed according to your preferences and whatever tickles your brain !
imagine i am an 18 year old kid you have a son my age as well and i constantly bully him and have been since the 4th grade .
by some twist of fate i shrunk and end up in a certain part of your house climbing around and ended up on your woman 's thong on the bathroom floor which she later on picked up and used .
question is now which part of her thong would i most likely be in if you had your way ?
what would you like to happen to me throughout the day as she goes about it ?
this is just one scenario please feel free to propose any i am open to everything as long as it does n't really deviate far from the main meat of the story .
i have no limits and i do have kik as well if any of you are interested .
the 2017 las vegas shooting files security cam footage and other evidence are being withheld from the public and locked up for evidence so it can be doctored for 50 years like the jfk files .
the government is n't going to come clean just because enough time has passed .
how many of you have chosen to hold off paying student loans and instead use your savings to fund real estate deals ?
then use those properties to pay off your loans ?
is it still worth it to make a second character of the same class like it was on d1 ?
i 'm getting my first gun soon so i 'm looking around for ranges to use but i work over nights so i 'm looking for one i can use during the night on my days off .
anyone have any ideas of where i could go ?
like mei they can build walls and stuff but they can build stairs to help their team get a height advantage .
furthermore their ultimate could be they can build a destroyable healing square for 15 seconds .
idk just thought of it off the top of my head .
a small clan with 20/50 members looking to expand and grow .
on my 6'6 slashing shot creator i 'll do windmill posters and knockdown dunks but my 6'11 rebounding athletic finisher with way better dunking stats just does the most basic contact dunk .
is there anything i can do to activate the cooler ones ?
i got another board so i am looking to sell these .
67g zealios on the alphas and 78g on modifiers .
creates for a nice satisfying feel when using the modifiers .
sip sockets are installed but they are not soldered .
rgb underglow fully functional no in-switch rgb but the acrylic case and transparent switches allow for lighting the bleed through the top creating a subtle touch of lighting .
the stand on the back is a little loose while it is an easy fix with the right tools i do not have access to them so i will knock off money from the asking price .
please keep in mind these do not come with the keycaps
the b.87 was purchased originally for 250 i am open to offers but looking for 220 due to the back stand issue .
i am looking at 180 for the ducky but is definitely negotiable .
side question how many people do you think you 've swiped right for ?
the bus is empty and i still end up next to a fucking nutter . ''
i also doubt i 'm using it wrong as i 've tried it in slightly damp hair and completely dry hair it just does n't have the kind of hold i 'm looking for .
.. at least not for the amount i 'm willing to scoop out at a time it 's just not economic for me .
i have medium length hairstyle the top is about 5 inches with a standard fade on the sides .
but i do have extremely coarse and thick hair even by east asian standards with that said.. what water-based pomade do you guys recommend ?
i only bought the layrite super hold because people seem to rave about it non-stop .
ever since 4u whenever i fight a seregios i get this sort of vietnam flashback to fighting apex seregios .
like everytime i 'm fighting a normal seregios in x/xx my brain immediately zones out steve 's normal theme and starts playing the apex theme in my mind .
did n't know whether this would be appropriate for the main sub anymore so i 'm posting it here instead .
bonus points if in a bar/club people will understand your brashness as drunkenness .
with fountain pen day yes it 's a thing coming up i decided to see if there were any local meet ups either regular or just for the day .
as far as i can tell besides the montblanc store there 's not much of a fountain pen presence around here at all .
if not would anyone be interested in finding a time and place to have a small meet ?
how can i know if a goal is realistic ?
because i think that i want to have an 20 increase in capital every month .
because i tried to compute it and within 2 years i can be a millionaire if all goes well .
if so may i know what kind of goals you have ?
is 5 increase of capital every month is already a great one ?
i am making a tower defense game and i 'm working on making the towers upgradeable .
you click on a button in a widget which has a reference to the tower you 're upgrading and you can upgrade shooting speed and/or damage of tower .
the widget also shows the tower type like basic tower i '' or long range tower i '' etc .
same thing for increase damage widget would call this when tower is upgraded
float damage can use this for creating variety of towers w different stats in blueprint
rinse repeat for tower speed needs both getter and setter tower type needs only getter and probably more down the road .
it 's starting to get old having to type out 2 functions and it 's making the source file cluttered ... but i understand how it can make things more organized and clear and i think it 's kind of the standard but i guess i just do n't really know the disadvantages of having the variable be public .
might be more of a general oop question but yeah ... what is your opinion on this ?
each time the dubai screensaver plays i see these white flashing things .
the flashing may be an artifact from the way the video was encoded .
the flashing things are in the strip of grass between the elevated train and the lanes of expressway traffic heading toward our point of view .
there 's two groups of these things they kind of look like flat white flashing saguaro cacti .
edit here is a youtube video of the screensaver https youtu.be/c1rex4gkhhe
the two groups of flashing things approach the bottom of the screen at 1:46 and 3:12 respectively .
not sure if this a long shot or not but lately i 've been feeling lost on which direction to take my career .
it seems that making money and being creative can be at other ends of the spectrum but here 's some info about be .
currently working as a camera op at a news station
want to entertain/love making people laugh with a broad application
i do n't want to be stuck in front of a computer all day gaming streaming i 'd prefer to be interacting with people
i would like to create a personal brand for myself that can carry over multiple fields probably a youtube channel or some sort of established brand on a digital platform
i guess my problem right now is that the outlets i see possibly working comedy youtube etc .
do n't make money and i 'd really like a career that could make me money entertaining people well after youtube .
currently i 'm a freelance video producer and work at a news station but i still feel empty as if i 'm missing out on fulfilling something .
any conversations about the advice would be much appreciated thanks .
we all practice our art for different reasons but deep down we all know that we like doing cool moves a bit too !
well today is your chance to show us your kick-ass kung fu .
