not like daily but if i feel interested and think they are feeling the same .
not to stroke my own ego but i 've heard i have a great personality and am usually described as good looking though i 'm not sure what constitutes that really .
have n't found this shrine yet.. boy am i dreading it already !
i remember when i last set it up a rufus update changed the settings so the guide no longer matched .
i think i managed to do it with the new version iirc but you could always use an older version of rufus .
i always wondered why i just could not get myself to like pumpkin spice anything when i love real pumpkin everything .
to clarify you would force medical personnel to work whether or not they want to work correct ?
i believe the playmaker archetype in 19 is taller longer wingspan and has a choice of lebron or magic johnson for the icon .
i just watched the show series 5-10 with someone who 's never seen any episode before and i think he did n't miss out on much continuity or plot wise .
always void prison because even your team can‘t combo with it it has so much utility and after 16 you can combo with yourself .
i 'm interested in doing something like this i have several ideas i just have no idea how .
nigga i explained the word play and the line i did n't rationalize anything .
you 're open to any interpretation you want as a listener it 's a shame you chose the least accurate one .
people ca n't see you when you 're gaming .
so by shear coincidence i actually know this guy and can explain why he 's in the predicament that he 's in and it 's actually not his fault .
the reason for it is that his dm knew exactly what he was doing and intentionally lead them around to places where they could get stuff like this i do n't know why exactly he wants extremely overpowered characters in his games but he seems to like it .
i hear stories about that oota game all the time which is how i know who he is and yes oota typically ends in t3 but the dm of that game has scaled it way way way up to account for having a t4 high-power group they played monster hunter with the demon lords and just about everything in mtof .
some of the players in that group did intentionally build their characters to be as broken as possible but some of them were just along for the ride .
those that did n't do it intentionally probably are n't actually all that optimized i know one of them got the reincarnate dark gift and has used it to just randomly kill himself periodically for no particular reason that obviously is n't optimal and i know another of them had the hell hound one .
the ones that did join that game with the intention of making broken characters did so specifically because it was a place where they could do so without messing with a normal '' game and i 've only once seen them actually take those characters out of there and that was for a t4 epic and nobody was complaining about that i played at that table and we needed the help edit should also mention that we needed more t4 characters to have a legal table .
the thing is of the players i know who actually did do this intentionally they 're all fine with it .
they basically built those characters to see what they could do did it and understand why it 's being removed .
for them it was basically a challenge to see how far they could take it .
however half that party built legitimate characters and went on quite possibly the craziest adventure of all time only to have huge chunks of their character development ripped away from them at the end .
i 'd be pissed too if it were me .
they sell 'em for an arm and a leg because people will pay it but jewelry store buyers wo n't pay that much because they know the true value .
your comment has been removed because it included a filtered word or phrase .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/alexjones if you have any questions or concerns .
not op but i use mine all the time sometimes more and sometimes less frequently .
my life is one big flare up though so might not be applicable to you .
it sometimes and unbearable on tacrolimus still and i have to use corticoids but sometimes like now even a very potent corticoid is n't enough to stop the weeping .
your post has been automatically removed because you posted an image that you did not tag as oc or art .
please confirm that your post is original content by reposting with oc or art in the title .
it is recommended you delete the initial post before reposting .
if your post is not original content or if it is on our list of banned subjects https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules wiki_3._all_images_must_be_original_content.2c_must_be_tagged_as_.5boc.5d.2c_and_must_not_be_on_our_banned_subjects_list .
such as simple pictures of books or dice you may receive a warning .
after re-posting with the correct title your post will also require a description in the comments at least 400 characters in length .
our complete list of rules can be found in the sidebar or on our rules wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dnd if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm confused how foaming or any other alternatives were not chosen .
i just leave it here https i.imgur.com/rzojb3i.jpg https i.imgur.com/rzojb3i.jpg 4*uw
yes in bd she not only deals a lot of damage to dragon but clear whelps between phases with ut2 now she hit her s2 every 8sec even if here only 1 target that makes almost impossible for her to miss whelp phase tho i not reccomend her for fd since like all archers she have small mdef
here better choices but she can easly bring you to master with her s1 killing pve geared teams on 2nd second of fight
they same like year ago attack+def t2 attack and crit .
for pvp i sometimes use def attack and hp instead triple s2 since in pvp her main skill is s1
which other heroes work well/do not work well with this hero ?
any damage ampers and buffers works well also any mana recharger helps a lot since with ut2 luna become insane mana hungry .
bad idea is characters that push and throw away mobs .
yes with the future updates it should be great but right now there is little to no content honest to god you should wait or else you could easily taint your experience with this game .
as it stands unturned has a shit ton more content than scum plus it is free graphics are totally different but that should n't stop anyone playing a game that has literally 99 more content .
fresh prince where will 's dad returns in his iife only to take off again .
will angrily asking how come he do n't wa n't me man ? !
what mlvl gear was used my guess is terra robe legs and boots ?
they had external ear and legs but they lost them trough evolution .
im very drunk and a little high ama ! !
where 'd you get this gun if i may ask ?
i\`ll release a youtube video about my transformation you 'll see what i 'm capable of now
i personally think that i have good moments bad moments everything in between .
but i still think that every new day is the best day to be alive and damned if i 'd still think it if a fleet of nukes hit my house in my sleep .
thanks for taking a look i really appreciate it .
i 'm a 2nd year medical student and had my first ekg today as part of a routine checkup and have n't been able to stop over-analyzing it .
is the short pr interval 106 ms clinically significant ?
the only thing i know to cause a short pr is wolff-parkinson-white but i do n't have delta waves .
i was also curious if you could explain what 's going on in v3 ?
i do n't understand what 's happening with the large depression after the second t wave .
lastly i 'm seeing some small u waves and was wondering if this is significant at all hypokalemia ? .
again thank you so much for taking a look at this for me please excuse me from suffering from medical student syndrome .
um i do n't know anything about warranty i just went to my local apple store lol
completely agree a unified world should not give its organs the option of illegal redress .
we are one people we should have one law .
a common welfare requires a common currency and a universal bill of rights .
picture a guy doing what you are doing only he is doing it perfectly .
even if you do n't personally see something happen does not mean it is not common .
almost a quarter of a million cats are run over on british roads every year .
drivers hit 630 cats every day according to insurer petplan .
in 1993 25 schools throughout new england united states participated in a roadkill study involving 1,923 animal deaths .
by category the fatalities were 81 mammals 15 bird 3 reptiles and amphibians 1 indiscernible .
14 extrapolating these data nationwide merritt clifton editor of animal people newspaper estimated that the following animals are being killed by motor vehicles in the united states annually 41 million squirrels 26 million cats 22 million rats 19 million opossums 15 million raccoons 6 million dogs and 350,000 deer .
15 this study may not have considered differences in observability between taxa e.g .
dead raccoons are easier to see than dead frogs and has not been published in peer-reviewed scientific literature .
the wikipedia source is not conclusive but it gives an idea that it is not rare .
confirming litiko works for completing all 3 but faris 's took a couple of tries and i still fell 200 points short of the last 300 gem reward .
currently the general consensus is that survivors have the advantage adding another chase extender in addition to pallet loops and exhaustion perks would make the current problem of chases taking too long against decent survivor even worse
you ca n't even clip the stream so i doubt there 'd be any vods .
man i 've tried to open the eyes of the haters at r/cc but they clearly do n't understand the potential of eos .
when i mean it is not working '' basically i mean that the vlookup field is not grabbing the correct formula .
for example if i changed cell f3 to ebay paypal '' i 'd want the vlookup command take the formula from the payment section in sheet 2 and apply it to sheet 1 .
for your second answer i tried to enter your formula but it did n't work .
i think for maybe the past 5-6 years we 've been in s golden age of horror .
i 'll explain why spider-man is not a heavy hitter .
instead of countering attacks and breaking bones he dodges and uses his speed and strength . ''
spider-man not being a heavy in hitter in combat has nothing to do with gameplay if spider-man was a heavy hitter but the combat played the exact same way then the gameplay is n't different .
so do n't bring up the point spider-man is not a heavy hitter '' that 's not gameplay .
spider-man 's combat not leading to broken bones does not mean the combat does n't play the same as batman 's combat .
spider-man 's combat using dodges instead of counters does not mean that dodging is n't the exact same as batman 's dodging .
not to mention batman also uses his speed and strength in combat .
haha you 're missing out on food that costs a little power .
yeah you do have to do a little clicking but in the long run you do n't have to waste time waiting for your water purifier to finish .
let 's be honest i 'm going to make one for myself as a dry run to make sure i do n't mess it up when it comes to his
thanks for the advice pal i will definitely do that when i get to playing hector 's story .
bro holy fuck did you just change my life ?
haha yeah i was just playing around with holding breath and it worked .
barty was n't expected to be there at the time the name appeared on the map .
jr '' and sr '' are not always a legal aspect to names so if the map only shows legal names it would n't be included .
whether or not barty jr walked by the map would be irrelevant .
hur kassa postnord än är måste du tänka dig för när du memar aldrig kul om oskyldiga hamnar i kläm .
i 'm sure other games have done it but there is no proof of ubi doing it in this game right now .
this game is not in a garage state so that is literally pointless to bring up .
and i do not know of any game breaking bugs i play multiple hours a day on pc and have yet to encounter on in awhile .
that one flytrap skin is legendary and has no backbling ?
the book is even better and watching the movie wo n't ruin it ands vice a versa .
i see every montreal citizen is legally required to do their time in qa .
very rare but sometimes you hit that moment where they 're willing to give you the dealership .
when you notice it you can milk it dry .
yeah you are talking about repping 10k 60k products at times .
pro tip if you are a man and you want to enter claim to identify as a woman .
by their own logic they are not allowed to say you are a man because of their bullshit aboriginal logic .
hello yes i identify as a woman i will enter this room ''
you mean you are disrespecting my pronouns and my identity ?
how dare you i will bring security into this and you will allo ... ''
rdsit pony dash sticks her head into the doorway .
i really wanted the chevy chase but i think i may be showing my age with that one .
we simply do n't have the technology for undetectable practical guns .
as has been said plastic is usually fine in a largely unstressed ar or pistol lower receiver but practical firearms require steel in the barrel and action components to not only ignite the primer in the first place but withstand the 60,000 psi of pressure in the firing process extract the shell and chamber another round with any efficiency .
it 's just impossible with materials that wo n't get picked up by a metal detector .
the closest thing out there are carbon fiber wrapped barrels but they 're still steel lined and you can actually detect sufficient quantities of cf with metal detectors anyway .
the fully printed liberator '' pistol is basically an exercise in free speech and not practical whatsoever .
i 'd never fire one but it sure did its job as a political statement .
well i used about 120ish tickets like 30 of which were 4-star and 10k lapis on the banner so i 'd have cried a little if i did n't get an on banner .
and shadow lord still does give me a bit of nostalgia so it 's not that bad i 'm mostly just whining a little that i did n't get my favorite taru queen .
i know i have many unconscious bias that i try to uncover and be diligent about whether race gender etc .
though not racist since i 'm poc but i know there 's prejudices around race that i have yet to uncover .
the ending of bojack horseman s3e4 fish out of water .
watched both similar in the blend of humor and seriousness though in bojack obviously the humor is a little darker too .
tumblr and it 's pro-ana groups influenced my ed .
left tumblr after a couple of years got my shit kinda together and i 'm in a healthier place .
i recently went back and had a look at all my old posts .
it 's funny from the tone of the imagery i could tell the exact moment where i went downhill .
a scene with no disgusting condom and a good fucking pounding to this whore .
now that 's the kind of reaching out i like .
i could n't see her as greek or finnish .
but she could pretty well be an argentinian hope we get a brazilian as well .
graffiti fan-related and since it looks like it 's many pieces on one surface like an actual wall i‘d wish to set all together closer i would rotate the hs piece 45 degrees to fit it better with the rest and if possible add more pieces with some game-related context like clutch !
some more graffiti stuff especially for more common weapons would be awesome keep it up !
my grandmother always said it 's better to be a smart ass than a dumb ass .
description https natihilmadebymachines.bandcam ... breath i ca n't breathwhat are you doingi 'm so sorryin my lifecover your eyesnobody wants mework in progressun ...
i think some of his suggested stage name were six lex and v. i maybe wrong though my memory is pretty weak .
i 'm over in iowa maybe someone familiar with airports in wisconsin can suggest a good place to hold a midwest r/flying meetup !
really depends on your school on how bad the punishment will be but you can bet it will be severe .
if you use it in a fight you could easily get assault with a deadly weapon .
you accepted the sdf treatment and those brown spots you can think of as little scars where it stopped the early cavities from growing into big cavities .
many parents turn down sdf application due to aesthetic concerns when it is actually a great option for little ones because it gives us a better chance of arresting decay than with varnish alone .
you should feel good that you 're taking this step to get her teeth back to a healthy state !
i do n't think it 's possible unless you are a toddler to change the shape of your structure .
assuming you 're an adult i may be wrong but a stretch would not change the bone structure of your legs .
in b4 csu makes a furious near-comeback and loses by nine
i just ca n't grasp that a certain community would support this .
my husband and i are both atheists now so we will not raise our children in the evangelism way .
only one there worth going after with any effort is booker .
it 's easy to get paralyzed with indecision and waiting for the perfect deal .
build a pistol from scratch and upgraded my current ar .
now i have an upper and a barrel sitting there mocking me .
i recalled him doing okay not great in the preseason last year but he had fumbling issues .
he just gave you an example of one kenly jansen was a catcher before being a closer .
how much time can you lose by letting them go
if you showed up like that to my department in the hospital prepare to wait until we have an opening to squeeze you in .
after a couple times of sometimes having to wait 2-3 hours for your treatment most patients understand that they need to show up on time or else they will wait however long we need them to wait whether that 's 15 minutes or two hours .
we schedule according to the needs of the patient and it works perfectly when people come when they are supposed to and are prepared the way they are supposed to .
there is no reason why we should make other patients wait in order take you when they showed up on time and you 're the one who 's late .
it 's the fairest wait policy we can implement of course we have the flexibility to try to squeeze people in if they are late because of situations out of their control or are extremely sick etc .
but in general people who like showing up late just because can enjoy the experience of waiting .
my best accomplishment was releasing a song that was alongside a video that took two years to put together .
i shaved my head and my beard and sang the same song for a year then put it together as a single release for an album i 've been spending seven years on finishing up .
i 'm planning on taking the two hdd 's out of the system i already have since they have a lot of older files on them which is why i did n't include any but the ssd on the new build
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9bzr9b/favorite_songwith_link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
were you checking ppm on the feeds at all before watering ?
i bet your soil has some funky numbers in it if you were over mixing .
do a slurry test on your soil and see where you 're at and that might explain some of the symptoms you 're noticing .
i bet you 'll see ppm in the 1500 range and ph either below 6 or above 7 .
the bloom can definitely cause some color to show up seemingly out of nowhere .
have you done any herc+aphro flushes or just straight feeds ?
a good exercise is to follow feed feed flush feed feed tea you 'll rarely have problems overdoing anything this way .
some of the curling and discoloration you 're seeing could be heat/light stress though your temps sound okay .
the only downside to running different strains is that they 'll all finish at different times unless you specifically hunted down stuff that finishes in the same time frame .
nutrient wise it wont make a difference you 'll only notice one or two strains like to be watered more often because they drink more .
nectar is a little tricky compared to some nutrient lines but once you get your mixing and feed schedule down it produces some really amazing results .
out of curiosity which service have you been using up until now ?
ohio renaissance festival starts this saturday and is every weekend through october 28th .
and had two grown ass men scrambling to get it .
i 've started just taking the first offer — someone says give me the bill before anyone else sorry love they called dibs .
you 'll have to come back and call dibs on your next dinner. laugh ...
someone has posted a photo of something similar further down .
a couple looked over to nathan 's shadowy spot queen naomi did you hear ? ''
i would argue that the term mary sue has evolved since it 's initial use many words do but fine i 'll rephrase .
rey appears to be too perfect and is too proficient at many skills to be an interesting or believable character .
they will have to work on the near clip plane to make this interesting though
honestly without that eraser it 's more of a pen than a pencil .
we used to make a lot of these types of setups when i worked in metal manufacturing .
we would use die sets from mcmaster https www.mcmaster.com die-sets/=1eeis1q https www.mcmaster.com die-sets/=1eeis1q and we would slap them in whatever arbor press or air over hydraulic clamp we had .
i love those die sets and found so many uses for them over the years on everything from heat stake inserts to making custom de-weeding or shearing applications .
if you 're in the united states search for online high schools in your state '' many operate as a state public school so you need to be within that state to attend .
it 's really nice to attend a school with flexible pace/schedules .
that way you can do any of the assignments at any time as long as it 's finished before the end date .
it 's especially helpful if you want to do extra work in a class or one of your classes has less lessons then they can add another class for you when you finish !
i see that this post is 17 days old so i really hope that you found a great online school !
yeah anything that came true which is rare from r/gaming cause that 's where yongyea gets all his content from .
i 'm just always flabbergasted by the medical care given mid-match to players basically just to put them back on the field .
as someone in the medical profession it makes me bananas .
he could stream twice a day every day and not win soty going against ninja .
those cringy 12 year olds are voting in the masses .
i 'm going to say they will most likely be raid rewards .
it depends on the county whether traffic school even exists .
especially at your age and experience a ticket may hurt insurance rates and may even affect you job .
a few years ago i came to realize how relaxing and amazing a good massage is after a hard week of work .
i had a few from my chiropractor but decided it was getting pricey so i went on groupon and found a great deal on a hour long massage in my area .
i was n't familiar with the address so i used google maps and it took me to an area that seemed out of place for a business but i just figured it was an in home masseuse and rang the bell .
she invited me in and went through the basics .
i checked in waited a bit then she asked me to strip down and take my boxers off if i wanted too and left while i prepared .
having only a few massages from the same person before i figured that was normal outside my limited experience but i did n't want to seem like a creep so i kept the underwear on .
i laid down on the table and she came in and i could see she was surprised by my clothed ass .
she proceeded to give me a half assed terrible massage and asked twice if it would be more comfortable with my boxers off .
i got the hint but i was n't paying her for a happy ending i can get that at home .
i just wanted her to beat my back not my meat .
so she begrudgingly continued to give me the most awkwardly disappointing 45 minutes of my life as she focused on my lower stomach inner thighs and ass trying to get me to change my mind .
in the end i gave her a half off groupon and some cash and she left me with a sore back and blue balls .
aretha franklin ripping out my country tis of thee .
if you were n't drawn to tears watching that performance you are n't a patriot .
players he played with unfortunately blamed him when things were going wrong .
could you please take a picture of this or show me where the down arrow is that leads to the option about amnestying characters and debugging ?
if you fit one of the characters to a t would you like seeing an unflattering mirror of yourself with all of the negative traits fully visible ?
why is it that 10 years ago you could make a world war two game that had all men like the real war and no one cared there was no controversy at all but now you political correctness nazis demand women be included in everything despite it being completely ridiculous and making no sense honestly if your going to do this kind of shit atleast make it very clear that its alternative history and no one would care like wolfenstein its a world war two fame thats alternative history so they get away with a bunch of shit that makes no sense because its fiction was it really that hard for battlefield to do
can i choose a day when trump is at mar a largo ?
you think an f1 driver gets radioed speeds for each turn ?
mmm ... you may need to buy on each ! gold and silver-star book covers ! ?
i 'm in a city with home coverage 99 of the time .
if not i usually have away coverage and data anyways
i 'd give the first series and the movie a go .
the original series does n't follow the source material and tells a little bit different story .
seven deadly sins yu yu hakusho and attack on titan .
if you are looking for another super well received anime i 'd check out my hero academia .
it 's manga is still running so new episode are still being released .
this is also true with attack on titan and seven deadly sins .
yours is like my team plus two more top 20 picks lmao .
i know the following is n't regular business practice but i 've seen people put out creative content and then put up a fixed price but then also stating that you can pay what you want .
i am sure there are people that would be ok with offering money for a live stream as the money would go for a good cause .
on principle i think having viewers pay for the live show was a bad idea or maybe it was parts of the live show unsure but honestly i was n't too bothered myself when i heard about this .
sadly i feel like i know where viashino skeleton is coming from .
it 's a really really mediocre unearth enabler for limited .
you realize you lose less from a loss than a dodge and that you actually have a chance of not losing points at all but instead gaining them ?
she was just taking the photo for the insurance company .
yeah he kept trying to fight the fall and ended up looking even stupider had he just took the tumble .
1.0 did n't have to be released specifically on september 4th bud .
they 're just rushing it out for very obvious reasons .
that 's an amazing team but kante i would avoid after my last year experience but that starting 11 is good
i almost let that positive datadash coverage make me buy that coin .
i went with my research instead and went cardano instead which was like .02 cents at the time .
dodged a bullet for sure looking at subs price today .
uj earlier i read the do you imagine yourself as a man when you get older ? ''
thing for questioning people imagined these kinds of grandpas and died inside .
and i love it cuz i relate to her the most !
or the episode where shayera has to mercy kill a resurrected grundy .
or the episode where pastiches of the secondary characters from super friends are revealed to be clones with a limited life expectancy .
or the one where batman is severely injured and becomes estranged from the league after he discovers that superman used lethal force against doomsday .
or the one where luthor manipulates superman into alienating the public and captain marvel .
or the quartet of episodes starting with question authority .
question compromising the league 's principles to try and actually murder lex luthor only to discover it was futile .
superman being forced to beat captain atom unconscious to save question .
superman almost killing luthor in retaliation thus almost completing the transformation into the justice lords .
looked like me trying to kick it on the run
a public figure especially one who is so openly critical should be more aware of the risk of sarcasm to fail to translate via text .
i think he 's just being edgy and backtracking it after being forced to explain the situation .
there are more tweets btw and they get nastier .
i find it interesting that you tried calling me out on being witty when i was infact trying to learn more about a topic only to get what i can only assume to be condescension on your part .
what 's equally interesting is that you say that they 're not dying from hunger but i should plant more flowers .
i appreciate you taking the time to respond though it allowed me to conclude that you 're likely not a credible source of knowledge on the topic .
how not even one song on the aoty chart ... give it up
we were never brave enough to try it but it sounded cool .
going to a playground at night is pretty fun .
maybe when the mspaint website got revamped it messed it up ?
first 5 are 50 and if you 're a student first 2 were 60 .
here 's a sneak peek of r/unexpectedouija using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/unexpectedouija/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
1 found on r/me_irl https i.redd.it/qpkq4z416a511.jpg 23 comments https np.reddit.com/r/unexpectedouija/comments/8soxe6/found_on_rme_irl
3 found on r/iceposeidon https i.redd.it/mecwaj82j2411.jpg 22 comments https np.reddit.com/r/unexpectedouija/comments/8r77l6/found_on_riceposeidon
i had that issue now i address the ball where it 's barely at the tip toe of my driver 's face forces me to come in at impact and i square it up try it out worked for me .
this is florida so hurricanes are definitely something this will be helpful with .
essentially the rights that are typically given when two people are married were denied in this case .
and in the case of children no right to defend the right .
it 's a small thing but when the law says there was no basis for an asexually to be married it 's not exactly great .
especially when you compare the other reasons for annulment force/corrosion fraud drug induced inhibitions incest under the age of consent bigamy and sexual impotence .
that last one is usually what 's cited for asexuals but considering it 's there as a means to ensure the traditional family unit survives and..
the other less nice thing where marriage is a means to politically unite two families and it must be consummated to be 'meaningful . '
i do n't understand how this is possible to be honest .
simply put it 's not illegal to do so .
why someone would do it is a different beast entirely .
in the case of one of the people i know the reason given was that they could n't be a good christian and the court sided with the landlords .
again i 'm having difficulty understanding this unless the job involved sex work ?
here was the situation you tell someone at your job that you 're asexual because they 're trying to get you to talk about how pretty the women on tv are in the break room and they demand an explanation for why you are n't interested .
your co-worker feel uncomfortable that you 're neither gay nor straight .
but neither does firing someone for being black gay lesbian or anything else that has nothing to do with your job .
it seems like most of these cases stem from a person actively sharing an otherwise irrelevant sexual detail with third parties .
it 's really up to the individual to decide whether or not needing to hide your identity is a valid cause for declaring discrimination .
usually our court system says certain classes of people are protected for divulging certain aspects of their identity .
while recent years have made all sexual identities a protected class in many countries this is was not always the case and anyways people have ignored the law to get rid of those they dislike .
so it 's a way of accelerating spiritual change since by stopping eating you 've stopped reinforcing your old self and to free it to become something new .
care to fill us in on what was said .
every character is necessary and has an interesting and imp role except for iris she is useless .
our team got this too and my boy missed out on this post .
there 's a reason why it was restricted for black folks to vote for so long .
and i 've tried to persuade many people to vote ... until they say something wildly stupid and ignorant .
then i tell myself maybe that person should n't ...
that 's true it bulges at the equator because it 's rotating .
my understanding is that this is the inevitable consequence of the rotation and that any rotating planet will be like that .
it is possible that the anomaly has something to do with planetary rotation .
the available data support the idea that the anomaly does n't occur if the spacecraft 's trajectory is aligned with the equator .
however this does n't explain what exactly is happening or why sometimes when the trajectory is n't aligned with the equator the anomaly still does n't occur .
the purest of democracies are those where not every vote is equal .
looks like one or two of these https youtu.be/vapmuacywww .
what day are the characters going to fight him ?
got what i needed on pub for a pack .
did you clean your hand before you hand shake him ?
i got my marriage certificate in 11 working days .
i had a feeling that something was up with that coat she wore in the way it was positioned/tied .
that still does n't make it the fairer '' option .
my considerations were merely theoretical of course we ca n't just make parents outlive their children .
we 're winning a lot of headers in our own half let 's try pumping the ball into their box
no.7 is exactly right i find ancient bracket is harder than divine im main divine 4 and sometime when i got bored playing on it i just play on my lil bro acc which is ancient 1 but to be even more stressed there is so many core wannabe here on sea they instant steal/pick 1st core and just to play like 1k it is not ununsual for me to do 1v9 game as long as i get my lane right no 1 v 3 or such and sometime i just feel like enemy team playing like divine which is playing like team snowball and end while my team just constantly farm like 1k too far and etc just to feed tilt and throw and etc
this is precisely the kind of close self-examination and error correction that makes reddit what it is
a hitchhiker must know where his towel is at all times
yes because in reality this is n't a right given to the people it 's a restriction placed on government .
if they are unable to provide you with a lawyer then they do n't have the power to conscript one they simply can not prosecute you .
i agree but you have to understand some women just do n't feel comfortable without it because of insecurity
add to that my dad 's death and finding out my boyfriend of six years had a parallel story .
i thought he was talking about the pentagon remarks filmed after the match for bte ?
6 hours into this post its the top post on reddit now and not one news article on this .
now im a centrist but if this '' is the brain on liberalism does that mean that conservatives appreciate rape ?
hey i went to a school in port arthur tx dick dowling i 'll never forget that shit and they were still using the paddle in 1994/95 .
however the one at home after the call from the school was .
at an older age i now see and recognize this as dual jeopardy .
i 'm going to be visiting tokyo on a business trip next week and i 'm super lucky it ends on a friday afternoon so i can stay an extra day .
this is where i 'll be spending saturday morning !
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i have a friend who post the same picture of jeff goldblum every day
i will get full on depression if i dont get a new unit tomorrow .
i swear if i get another krillin im going to.. i dont even know
plus homebrew/hacking your 3ds allows use of custom/self made themes
i wonder what skins bjergsen will be using on his four wards .
i do a lot of trail cycling i hesitate to call the tame trails i ride 'mountain biking ' and there 's always a few dogs wandering about .
most of them are absolutely fine and will keep their distance but some are overly friendly and will completely get in my way .
i get that they want to enjoy the trails too and i 'm all for them going off-leash if they do n't bother others .
ye well.. dont forgot hs is more for the casual gamers while artifact will focus on the players who are more serious .
ye its true that this game doesnt focus on the neutral viewer but dota doesnt neither tbh.. you just see the map and suddenly someone is dead without knowing how .
i dont play dota myself thats what my reaction looks like ... but once the game is out and you/us will know how to play the game i guess we will like it.. people from other card games already said the game is rly good .
and since its valve we know it will be big .
also its a tdcg trading digital card game which is also a huge factor why this game will be a success .
you should probably avoid relationships with little boys who use stupid terminology like asexual .
when the entire team clicks i 'm sure he 'll get plenty of chances and goals
now i 'm even more confident that my assumptions about you are spot on .
it 's not that you never mattered it 's that she 's been worn down by the process .
surprises are often a terrible idea because they can backfire really painfully .
how many stories have you heard of disastrous fights because someone pretended not to care in order to set up a later surprise party ?
however you should tell her you got the job and tell her what you 've been doing in the past few months that she has n't known about .
but you absolutely need to open up to her and be honest so that she makes her decisions based on the real situation rather than what she thinks the situation is .
i have been here i have broken up with someone out of despair after a year of things going nowhere and yes he had a 'surprise ' planned and just did n't tell me and decided to give up and i did n't find out until much later and that made everyone feel terrible .
with a crazy male character playing the part of janice jim lester ?
there is no room for male captains in your federation reeeee ''
pegg suffered from depression and was an alcoholic for a while from around the filming of mi3 until after they finished paul .
so the character of gary king has a load of inspiration from peggs irl struggles .
you 've got to realise that sometimes you wo n't have 70 possession against teams like leicester that are good with the ball .
that 's where you 've got to rely on team cohesion and a solid back line and keeper .
i want it for my law bro but i ca n't stand playing against all of those wardens with him .
i love environmental modifiers to mix up what you can and ca n't do .
what i do n't love is the 30fps modifier it applies .
coupled with that fire rate/frame rate issue 0.1 pls i definitely perform much worse in the rain especially when using single shot weapons .
here 's a sneak peek of r/spreadsel using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/spreadsel/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
how or why would the telescope make the light get to it faster ?
lenses dont teleport images from far away they just focus
one thing that no one 's mentioning is that vault 111 is really close to sanctuary .
the fucking red rocket is farther from sanctuary than vault 111 .
the nt actually with how i and many others were raised voids the ot through the perfect sacrifice '' of jesus .
now i 'll be the first to admit that many christians do n't even try to be christ-like and that bothers me .
but personally i know more that try very very hard to live up to that standard .
they 're violent books yes but it 's important to take it in the context of the time .
but the attitude of x group is violent look at y situation '' is a non-starter .
that 's the very same cherry picking you 're lambasting me for .
as for me it 's the perfect blueberry pie there 's no better reason to do it !
nah it 's advice for if i get pregnant as a man with triplets lol .
i think there are some improvements planned lazy bootstrapping ?
imo this is more a problem with the best '' friend .
when your break up with someone you 're pretty much saying that you each no longer wan na try so they are free to do what they want .
but a best '' friend should be more concerned in helping you rather than making you feel worse .
so do the worse that your personally can to that person
i 'm a tech lead and most of the time when my coworker asks me a question i can find the answer in a few minutes with a few creative searches .
that 's why i have a message me first interrupt only after that fails '' policy .
know your tools learn to search and you 'll find nearly everything is already solved for you .
i rarely need to dig in to a problem and when i do there 's usually a simpler solution that will require less work .
i change my heretic ways and bow to your superior skills .
the ark of the covenant is in the next room .
i am a reputation bot here is my info on u/s1996
slrep no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/s1996 sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
2 u/stargaurdianbard https www.reddit.com/u/stargaurdianbard no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/stargaurdianbard sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
to bid on the offer reply with bid directly to the original post .
to mark the offer as paid bidder can reply with paid amount e.g .
to confirm payment receipt op can reply with confirm directly to the paid comment .
aw man i loved that show so much i made this username up because of it
this is excelent bait my r/donald colleague already making screenshots .
you got ta lose to know how to win steven tyler
i couldnt bring my dad to a gator game he 'd probably have a heart attack .
edit plus he 's a super dork reads western romance novels and uses the word neat .
horrible ending they finally get his brother 's body back he declares his love for winry ... and then leaves .
he spoke disrespectfully to haleigh would n't let her leave rooms and acted like a baby when she did n't want to spend every waking moment with him .
one dude form 2 cellos is from my hometown and it 's so weird seeing them mentioned here !
i 'm depressed over hearing about this company 's actions .
litigation would be a nightmare handling all the troll reports .
and it could backfire against a legitimate company if false claims are made .
so you 'd be looking at a bmet intern or bmet i spot .
in nyc i do n't think 50-60k is high for a bmet i .
down the road for interviews be very enthusiastic about your eagerness to learn the craft correctly and to not cut corners .
it 's all about patient safety and customer satisfaction .
managers and chiefs love to hear that because it really is important .
sometimes its used as is and the marines undergo the training and indoctrination of the traitors sometimes its spliced with existing traitor gene stocks to create a chimeric gene-seed .
gene-seed is what is used to grow the artificial organs a space marine has and is a bit fuzzy in the lore .
for example torghun khan an aspirant born of terra prior to the heresy was initially marked down to become a lunar wolf going so far as to having the first ten organs of a space marine implanted within him before being reassigned to the white scars were the final ten were implanted presumably using white scars gene-seed .
what does seem to be the case is that the loyalty one has to one 's primarch comes from a combination of hypno-indoctrination and brotherhood of the chapter not the genetics involved in their creation .
since a csm is hypno-indoctrinated by the traitor legion and is often drawn from stock born and bread from within the eye although sometimes it 's from slave raids within the imperium their ties are very much to their legion or warband and not their primogenitor .
pretty sure like a quarter of their wins are against kansas city so pretty much everyone aside from the royals .
edit what im getting at is this doesnt criticize his ideas but who he is .
wan na hear the gospel of unconditional unracial kindness and benevolence through hitler 's mouth ?
not sure if there is an economy for generalist books .
this subreddit requires that all posts be flaired so please add a flair to your post .
if a flair is not added within 15 minutes from posting it will be removed and you will have to resubmit it before it will show up in the community .
on old desktop reddit flairs can be added by clicking the flair '' button underneath the post .
on mobile and other platforms flairs can often be set through a dropdown menu when viewing the post .
if you 're not sure which flair to use please see this guide r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_flair_your_posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
decent shooter from behind the arc and run without the ball in transition .
played college ball and understand the game pretty well .
upgrades windmill/lava mill nothing works and the lava mill tells me 4/2 gp
​you 're trying to use 4 gp but only generating 2 .
i just got it the other day because my cats were freaked out by the brush .
that happened to me for the earth day challenge .
apple told me it takes 24 hrs to update but i never did get it .
i 'd like to remind you guys the game is not even out yet and look at the radical meme heights we 've reached .
god the future looks just so very bright my eyes get strained trying to look at it .
the left has a great platform but are fucking clueless when it comes to campaigning and messaging .
the fact that 70 of americans want medicare for all and the democrats are somehow fretting over campaigns .
we can increase wages provide better healthcare invest in infrastructure lower college costs and increase national security '' .
instead they wait for republicans to define the conversation and stay back on their heels all the goddamn time .
a white man using the n-word on a black man is a lot different than a black man using the n-word on a black man .
probably hundreds of thousands of black men call other black men the n-word every day and no one gives a shit .
a white man calling a black man the n-word could make national news .
it 's not jewish sounding '' it 's jewish .
your post has been removed because it consists of a single image .
please read this entire message before you reply and before you contact the moderators about your post .
if you 're submitting a finished project please include additional progress photos and details .
remember that the goal here is to educate others about how they can successfully complete the project themselves .
if you 're submitting a finished project and you do n't have the details of the build try submitting to a more appropriate subreddit instead such as r/somethingimade .
if you 're requesting help and using an image for guidance please use the submit a help request https www.reddit.com/r/diy/submit ? selftext=true instead and include the link to the image inside the body of your post along with as much detail about your questions as you can .
if you 're asking a question that does n't meet the specific question about an aspect of a diy project '' requirement such as how do i complete project x '' or please review my plans '' or where can i buy an x '' please ask your question in the simple questions r/diy/about/sticky thread at the top of r/diy rather than creating a new post .
remember that all posts are required to meet the posting guidelines .
we encourage you to read the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines for more information .
if you believe this is a mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy message=please 20review 20my 20single-image 20submission 20at 20https www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/9c4qt8/refinished_my_hideous_bathroom_sink_im_kinda .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
i liked mike but not the way he left .
yes he went to his childhood team so it 's a bit more understandable ... still do n't like it .
you do n't get the juicy bribes by believing in rights for poor people .
doing the right thing is not being distracted take responsibility rarely happens these days .
chris can belt out bb4s but i doubt he had the control for a technically difficult song like big freeze .
there 's a lot more to it than going high .
love the neighbor but do n't love thy neighbor or do if you 're like consenting adults or whatever
you can avoid the 10 penalty if the tuition is charged by an eligible institution of higher learning .
this includes any university college vocational school or other accredited public private or nonprofit post-secondary school that is eligible for the student aid programs offered through the u.s. department of education .
high school tuition and elementary school tuition does not qualify for the penalty waiver .
look if it 's low effort incendiary stuff or hassling elytraxp that 's a problem .
but if it 's we are n't being treated well here 's the reason why we should take legal non profane action that does n't harass any individual to make sure gumi understands we are upset .
if we are worried about it taking over the sub create a mega thread .
have n't seen it but i 've heard a lot about it .
meh i think his guns are great but having 2 rockets that insta killed an enemy is n't too op ?
what kind of freezer storage do you recommend to keep it good and still reduce waste ?
say do shiny pokemon look shiny in the overworld or only in the capture screen ?
yeah but i always feel bad for my opponent when i rope to get another toke in
mccain was not civil civil people do not murder civilians .
he was very civil you are just being petty .
because war is inevitable and an natural part of human civilization .
you 're gon na bitch about a man hating people who tortured him ?
and his life has been in the public eye for decades .
let 's see if you 're life stands up to the same scrutiny if you ever get put under that same microscope .
did you have the balls the join the military and try to change things from that position ?
would you have let your fellow soldiers get out of torture before you ?
you so desperately want things to be black and white because you want things to be simple .
and you are n't helping anyone by being petty and insulting the dead .
if anything its suspect you are trying so hard .
you just did n't have a good team hate to break it to you .
that 's ... that 's literally the argument you just used .
'inting is bad but flaming is worse so i 'd rather have an inter '
i could n't really find anything explaining that word .
as with anything with life we can only try to minimize some obvious risks but some things will be out of your controle .
secured the victory on train with a 29-15 kill/death .
the mental toughness this kid has developed was evident today .
i mean we could win ten games with regular season hurt cole stoudt
lol all the actual hip hop fans in here getting downvoted to hell .
for real though 6ix9ine could sell out most venues not stadiums .
i 'd argue that even then it wo n't be .
it 's been toured seems a silly word when really it 's been hammered abroad three times .
tomorrow i 've got to hare down to the beaulieu motor museum and back maybe a 250-mile round trip so i 'll use it then as i 'm in a bit of a hurry .
truth be told it 's a bloody awful bike .
the power delivery is unsubtle and just wham ! the fuelling is n't that great it 's heavy and carries a lot of weight high up the switchgear is awkward the speedo is all but unreadable in bright sunlight the clutch is heavy the suspension is firm and rattles your teeth it roasts you in traffic so i try not to ride in in traffic any more and you ca n't carry anything on it .
all it does is goasfuckingfastasfuckingfuck and that just makes it magnificent .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
it is an extra mouth to feed and often makes my step brother look like he is hemorrhaging money .
just out of curiosity do you folks split up things in marriage 50/50 or you are mostly in charge of on area while your man handles the other in a more asymmetrical way ?
this concept can be applied to pretty much any type of crime/criminal .
west boca used to be nothing but swamp and a few rich suburbs .
city were n't firing on all cylinders at this stage of the season last year .
i 've already thought about that we 'll be discussing this with our current team and find out what can be implemented and what of the features previously referred conflict with each other .
okay that second image is much better looking and i do n't actually mind it .
your u/joey17612 post has been automatically removed because you used a low-effort title .
if you feel this was in error report this comment .
this is also a reminder to censor all information that can be used to identify a person .
this includes but is not limited to first and last names usernames including your own subreddit group and online community names titles of specific posts and other information like locations city state etc .
this is to prevent brigading and harassment so we take this rule very seriously .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justneckbeardthings if you have any questions or concerns .
it was my first christmas here from australia too .
it got colder towards the end of the winter .
browsers are soon removing the company name and green bar so there will be no difference from dv .
i 'd make anyone and everyone who enjoys anime to sit down and watch girl 's last tour .
probably my favorite show of the last half decade with space dandy one punch man and mob psycho 100 close behind
desclafani stl weaver vcin or kingham atl in points today ?
leaning disco because of not trusting the rookies coming out of relief roles .
start with tl dr xd sorry to read all of this .
i hoped to see another top 500 achiev from you .
reported few of cheaters myself but guess that did n't help in long run .
hopefully next one will go better and keep it up mate o
about yojimbo tower tiamat chimera buffalo kraken over 156 kills from jp to top500 .
right now i do n't think we can rule out that kevin is birthing these runes in the shape of an equal sided heptagon .
some oracle prophesied that a marked warrior '' will destroy olympus and by attempting to prevent it from happening the olympians ended up fulfilling it .
how the fuck do i find 18-30 year olds willing to play d d ?
i do n't see how its supposed to be otherworldly just looks like wet china
yeah it feels like it might be the mcl .
i 'm just going to rest it for a couple of days and judge going to the doctor based on that .
because i can walk fairly normally i just expect a rest ice compression and elevation recommendation and i 'm already doing all that .
if it 's not making improvements i 'll def head down
my materials science friends tell me to avoid getting the stainless steel salty so i think i 'd want some other frame for winter duty i like the approach though !
never post a code directly mostly the bots will grab it .
design me interessa pra caramba também menos design gráfico que é o grosso do trabalho com publicidade .
gosto de design de produtos design industrial design pra web acabei trabalhando muito com isso e hoje programo sites/apps como hobby mesmo mas em fortaleza eu nunca iria conseguir trabalhar com nada disso .
eu sempre fui um nerd de computador montava computadores e programava joguinhos quando criança e tal .
o problema é que quando eu completei 17-18 anos eu tive a ótima ideia de ser músico que até deu certo por um tempo mas também é um trabalho super instável .
e aí queria um curso fácil '' pra manter a família satisfeita enquanto eu focava na música .
mas pelo menos me formei e se precisar mesmo de trabalho consigo me virar no design .
i reckon a tip would be always fuel up whenever you get to the next petrol station do n't leave it to chance
deilephila porcellus known as the small elephant hawk-moth is a moth of the family sphingidae .
it is found in europe north africa and western asia .
the moth flies from may to july depending on the location.the fore wings are ochreous with a faint olive tinge the front margin is edged and blotched with pinkish and there is a broad but irregular band of the same colour on the outer margin .
learn to read and do n't call him a coward you fuck .
you still have to send test scores though and if you want them to superscore that 's even more expensive .
the only thing this will do is make players stay in game and not try .
they will just jump off cliffs or fire rockets at their feet stuff like that .
the real solution would be to put 4 stacks vs 4 stacks .
well i 've actually seen him add salt and pepper to the soup .
his logic is bizarre but i 'll take it !
i saw something similar to this where it was a subtitled video of a woman going through her day to day life with her boyfriend .
in the subs it was all we 're so happy together but the audio was more like send help he 's beating be constantly and i fear for my life .
it was a campaign to get people to actually listen to fb vids when they appear in the timeline
i still get bothered with overly attached girlfriend on youtube despite never having clicked on any of her vids
fucksake why is someone playing music over the stream audio .
that 's why rick dipietro is getting 1.5m a year until 2029 .
it 's a good way to keep them from blowing it all .
look at that list and tell me you 're ok with our defense .
he turned up tierney has made him regret it though ...
pretty neat amazing to see someone play offense defense and special teams in one game .
i really appreciate you looking into this for me !
eding will delay your recory from pied to a great extend .
name one language that is actually useful that does n't require maintaining your level expertise .
understanding the developments in your field it 's called professionalism .
if you have n't noticed c has had 2 new standards in the past 7 years .
even a perfect language upgraded with two completely new standards would be hard to keep up with .
hell even java programmers have complained about having to keep up with the introduction of lambdas and streams .
we jumped straight from the back of the train expecting it to be the same as if we jumped from a tall step .
so we fall on the tracks and it fine for the first 0.1 second the velocity hits us and pulls hard and i mean hard forward because you know the train is moving kinda fast and you dont count on it when you are kinda drunk we fell face down rolled around picked ourselves up checked for cuts and bleeding fortunately not much serious damage and went home limping .
the norning after sobering up and seeing how smart that was we were suprised to be alive and with no serious injuries
i 'm not saying it 's physically impossible to put coke in a smoking receptacle light it on fire and inhale the smoke i 'm saying you 're not gon na get much out of it and it 's a waste of coke .
people do all sorts of dumb stuff and waste their drugs this is one of those things
something that has helped me is just one thing a day .
instead of going up against a pile of things to do wake up and say you have just one thing to do today .
it makes it less daunting mentally and therefore easier to get up and do .
the next day is the next thing on the list .
why are you reminding me i 'm not skinny or rich
we all lost a lot of hair battling it out with axe cans and lighters
i looked to see if it lined up with the crack on my screen .
i marvel at some of my friends who spend a better part of their day alone with 3 or 4 kids .
luckily my in-laws are both retired and willing to help a lot .
i do n't know if i 'd be considering this right now without their support .
they 're kids they probably know only red shirts and lewis
however your submission has been removed since the website you submitted is not on our white-listed domains list https www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/wiki/domainlist and therefore held for review .
make sure your submission follows the rules as found in the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/wiki/config/sidebar .
after making sure it follows the rules message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/gadgets subject=request to review this submission by u/technicaldrawing message=i would like to have my submission reviewed the scare-mongering anti-wireless movement smells fishy https www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/comments/9cbo7w/the_scaremongering_antiwireless_movement_smells
we will review your submission and if it is in line with our rules and guidelines approve it for you .
if you wish to promote your own website or content do n't submit it here .
i do n't understand why are you doing this ?
before we worked with a white list we got a lot of spam on this subreddit together with vote manipulation this caused the quality of the subreddit to go down .
we will always keep an eye on what domains get submitted if a certain domain gets approved consistently we will add it to the white list .
we also frequently ask the community to give feedback on the list we do this through a monthly feedback thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gadgets if you have any questions or concerns .
they were on the ship with xera its just the scenario to unlock involved recruiting a normal draenei
trading is unlocked once you reach mr mastery rank 2 .
the higher your mr is the more trades per day you have .
if you want to trade with someone you will have to invite them to either your dojo or maroo 's bazaar where you can use a trading post or enter vendor mode open gear wheel to activate it .
keep in mind that it costs credits to receive items from other players as well .
or it could never happen there 's the same chance of both .
just remembered no walkie talkies are allowed on shore they did n't saw why just said dont !
no handicap accessible anything if you use a wheelchair good luck ... .
cell did n't work and wifi off the ship did n't like my phone either get a local sim or wait till back on ship .
i 'd say i notice it on pubg and arma 3 never enough buttons !
worked out well for him in the end tho .
you have 90mm clearance on top so you can do a push pull with a 30mm rad mabey a 40mm but its going to be tight .
you would be able to have 3 fans on right if there is clearance issues you can mount the fans in the backchamber .
for bottom you have 80mm to top pcie slot on mobo .
i would suggest a slim rad at most a 40/45mm .
for right back chamber you need a slim rad thats no more than 120mm wide unless you want to do some case modding to fit it .
remember what ever rad you have tack on 25mm for each fan so push pull is a extra 50mm
edit assuming you have a pc011 dynamic if you have the air version that 's a different case and i do n't know the clearance for it .
gog versions work ok for me and the high res patches do fine.. worth the 3 to me to avoid the hassle
tie those arms behind her back pull her hair carress squeeze slap her breast pinch pull twist clamp her nipples .
push her back spread and tie her legs finger rub slap vibe fist her pussy spank and fuck her ass .
the artist did n't really do the best job at showing it but her fingers are supposed to be sinking into her boobs .
cause real boobies are very fleshy and basically just fat sacks .
mate you 're never gon na convince everyone to write in the same script .
dr swamy says to first introduce sanskrit via the local state language script then eventually move to devanagari .
the main thing is that even if we dont write in the same script at least we all would be speaking the same language .
1 wir hätten dann wohl sicher beide das depot bei der ing diba mit dem vanguard https wertpapiere.ing-diba.de/de/showpage.aspx ? pageid=30 isin=ie00b3rbwm25 .
wenn man nun etwas mehr zeit hat sollte man da nicht auch in erwägung ziehen lieber alle 3 monate etwas reinzutun ohne sparplan soweit ich das verstanden haben entfallen die orderprovisionen bei der ing diba bei manuellen käufen über 500€ ?
general consensus is that the best program is one that you stick to consistently with a good diet so just choose one from the recommended routines list on the side bar and you 'll be aight .
personally for me it was nsuns 531 that brought my lifts up heaps on a recent winter bulk .
well v had 8000 when she visited doctor victor insert mary shelley joke here most of which came from the trauma team recovery job so we should be able to buy it ourselves after several more jobs .
i only wish i was allowed to use a cellphone service other than verizon wireless or drink a cola other than coke !
in 30 years they 'll be doing this but one queen is a building and the other is a plane .
in dom/sub and other bdsm relationships the submissive always has control over when to stop .
being pushy and aggressive on someone who does n't want it is abuse not bdsm .
real doms and sirs take into account what the submissive wants and their limits .
stop no or whatever safe word is a hard limit .
i keep on having dreams about ashton irwin and i do n't know why
it 's not like they 'll have hard lives in there .
hell they could probably get out early if they become reformed
ofc you 're gon na get booed in your rivals home crowd .
are you really implying zhe joos are genociding white people right now ?
just copying taiwan who copied japan who copied the us which copied beach cricket .
i 've been using neutrogena hydro boost gel cream for extra-dry skin as my moisturizer and i love it .
but i go through the tub so fast and lately i 've been thinking the amount of product you get is n't really worth the price .
because of this i 'm considering finally switching to cerave in the tub .
to those who have tried both the hydro boost and cerave creams what do you think ?
both brands have products that work well for me i also use the cerave hydrating facial cleanser .
if it helps my skin type is normal-to-dry and i also get pimples but it 's not bad enough to call acne .
besides affordability my routine places the most emphasis on hydration brightening and preventative anti-aging .
if anyone replies thanks for your help in advance !
it 's incredible how arrogantly someone on the internet can just dismiss all the blood sweat and tears that go into winning four on the trot competing against the best on the planet .
i do n't think i 'm out of line in saying that vettel worked harder for those four wdcs than you and i will ever work for anything in our lives .
basically anywhere to the south or east of campus mass ave had a couple shootings last year .
also to the north of campus the fens and bu are sketchy for different reasons .
come to think of it west of campus is super confusing and you can get lost there and end south of campus too .
and ruggles is the worst to go through at night .
just do n't go anywhere except for classes and your dorm maybe wollaston 's .
i can fucking run witcher 3 and gta v easily but sims 3 lags like hell .
it was as if a sequel to trigun would be released 12 years after the original run oh wait ... or as if a third fourth season of full metal panic would be aired 13 years after the original airing hey actually ...
seeing the interactions between the characters took me right back to the first time i watched the series .
seeing rikka and yuuta happy or sad and feeling my own inner self mirror their emotions was something i did n't know i needed .
i have n't exactly been overjoyed by your recent works but this movie once again hit me where it felt .
i 've seen this in an overwatch comic and i doubt they came up with it either .
you have to constantly position yourself to the back of the enemy if you use dagger/dagger which is meta right now for pve .
for pvp you have to be quick on dodges and know when to go in or back out .
ive managed to open the thing to replace the buttons membrane .
im watching some laptop battery repack hoping theyre the same mechanics
sorry for danish fans but this could be massive for us .
hopefully it does n't get sorted out then lol .
the art is fantastic and the fight scenes are rad but the plot like many dc films is meh .
i personally like episode 7 but it was quite clearly a cash grab
episode 8 was a real story as much as people hated it it at least seemed like something other than a machine that prints money
ah thanks for the help but no i 'm not using mat_phong 0 unfortunately
the more bad relationships i 've been in the more experienced i became and learned not to put up with things that are unhealthy or a waste of time .
if you 're new to relationships you 're more likely to think you need to stick it out '' when you 're better off alone .
well there are four canucks legends on the list the twins lou and mats sundin
you have to be lvl 80 to start the pof story i thought .
in my experience the game is absolutely worth it .
amazing atmosphere and most of the gameplay is phenomenal .
you can look at a few reviews to get the idea .
the only part i hate is that some of the bosses are just complete rng and the dlc is pretty hard to find without looking up where it is but if you can trudge through that it is an amazing experience from start to finish .
equip the giraffe mask and stay as far away from him as possible .
maybe all the wormholes around the planet does wonky things to the flow of time .
cause the movie never really suggests that we should n't take banner was stuck as the hulk for two years '' at anything but face value .
just pointing out the 71st 7-11 is even less sketchy than 82nd .
i mentioned it because we 're discussing overrated sitcoms and during it 's run 30 rock was one of the most popular shows on television and always sweeped the golden globes .
people talked about 30 rock in the same breath as the office .
but i always thought it was kind of an average bland show .
the dude went from the late 70 's to 2018 in six years .
not sure how many people are allowed on telegram group .
yeah tbh most of us hate these designs but hell we 're just minimum wage employees stocking shelves and opening dressing room doors .
we have that a chinese one a geisha one like a white girl with taped eyes and white face paint and then a kimono and a ton of accessories that would correspond with other things like that .
if u could get ub for 30 i would definitely cop if i were u regardless of size
last time trial in gran tourismo 2 i tied it down to the last hundredth of a millisecond and it counted as a fail .
this kind of cognitive dissonance is part of the reason why turkey and brazil for that matter will never be decent countries https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/9ccpgz/the_cautious_attitude_towards_western_countries ? utm_content=title utm_medium=best utm_source=reddit utm_name=frontpage
agreed i thought he was great in defense dealt with the physicality and dealt with the pressing well enough .
i think the geas she placed on us were the ones of our ancient ancestors thus allowing to regain what we had achieved long ago .
oh but this gets better try all 400 40 in arkham city .
i see 2 weebs and a koreaboo in that picture .
the d and golden gate do a mouth swab .
so if that 's helpful for you at all you may want to use that until you secure a job since it does n't show up .
valium is prescription only what was the point of making the otc argument ?
the thought that the mass of people can just wake up '' and change their economics lives is bs .
unions have been declining and there is no indication that will change
what they can do is change the politics of the country to negate the side effects of the shitty economics but corporations and lobbyist are 2 steps ahead .
a fight worth having that can work but an uphill battle .
basically everything you said is correct except claiming i 'm fundamentally wrong which suggests you 're falling down the same deadend policy hole bernie did in 2016 .
there are two ways to support the american worker one of which is intiutive and the other which is not .
the american worker is suffering right because in an era where companies and executives are making record profits
the first is a domestic issue that can be addressed .
pass new and updated labor legislation so that american workers get paid tied executive salary .
cut down this bullshit contractor/gig economy and force companies to provide health care and other benefits for their workers .
close loopholes in taxation and bring the hammer down on companies underpaying foriegn workers you can recruit them you ca n't just pay them less than you 'd pay an american .
the second issue is something we have little control over and will have even less of moving forward .
we will have to compete with them which means we need our golden goose companies to stay in america even as we crack the whip on them to stop funneling the money upward but rather outward to everyone supporting that company .
that means supporting american companies and putting a stranglehold on america 's biggest economic adversary china .
which is what the ttp was intended to do and which america was not going .
american companies can be led by the carrot to stay in the us and meet updated labor regulations but only if they continue to dominate the global market from the top .
it 's why tariffs and protectionists policies are idiotic .
we need to compete from the top not the bottom .
and if american workers want the best wages in the developed world we need to make sure american companies remain on top .
protectionism is actually the worst of all worlds it encourages american companies to flee to more free trade friendly states without supporting any of the workers they leave behind .
you now think everyone who plays this is a sex offender
i have the same problem but with winston instead since i did n't buy his blizzcon skin 😭
you just pulled out some philospher 's stones i mean blood crystals like your cohort !
who the fuck kicked that cat i will absolutely fucking destroy him hes a fucking bitch
you will rip my lipgloss out of my cold dead hands !
this post is like one of those shitty clickbait articles that draws some wild dramatic conclusion from a tangentially-related scientific study .
i mean if they were all used to buy bitcoin fuck yeah lol with no margin with 72 milion you already get to 9000 not counting hidden sell walls stop losses and liquidation would start to trigger .
but yeah do n't count on that no one really knows what they use it for
i 'd never had a panic attack before perimenopause now i never know if one is right around the corner .
i 'd had normal '' anxiety in the past now it 's sometimes unbearable .
i 'm finding myself avoiding flying elevators escalators and large crowds they all freak me out whereas i never used to give these things a second thought .
the saddest part about all this is that nobody wins in this scenario .
riot 's initial motivation for this as per riot meddler had the right intentions even if it was poorly handled .
at the same time though it 's so hard to accept that they mean well when they have a raging white-knight child publically spewing hate and vitriol at anybody who even dares disagree .
if dzk gets fired the people backing him over twitter will resent riot games even though they themselves ultimately agree .
if dzk does n't get fired the playerbase on reddit will resent riot games for allowing an employee to publically bash and attack it 's consumer base .
they kinda sorta covered this in the ff comics .
i mean not really but maybe the durability axis drives mass ?
like a 3rd rd maybe a player we do n't want .
and i fully think he 's worth it he 's a do it all type of guy a 6'1 210 he can be your bell cow but he 's extremely fast and an even better receiver .
imo he has the ability to have a todd gurley or leveon bell david johnson effect for a team .
getting his panties in a twist over tracks in sand ... because coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere .
i 'll admit to not knowing who he is until looking it up so only using the spelling as i saw it in the comment before mine which i 'm sure the person replying to my comment did as well .
either way just because people cant spell something doesnt mean it 's a bad name .
you 're getting downvotes but you 're not wrong .
that was not the test you usually expect with burnley .
we should have put more chances away and the game should have been put to bed sooner .
bet he gets at least one laugh everytime he says that .
i had a bus driver who would do commentary the whole trip ... funny the first couple of times then i could recite it after that !
but responding with this implies that he was about to comment that but saw that someone else already said what he was going to say .
just found the video by accident it is not my design .
sadly there does not seem to be any more additional information on the web about it besides this .
this thread has been removed because the moderators have identified that it may belong in one of our three megathreads .
in this case it would belong in the champion pool megathread which is designed to help individuals find champs to play .
role swapping or advice is also consolidated into this thread .
if a post is created and the comment section boils down to just being a list of champs then it 's probably better off in this megathread .
check out our sidebar on the right for a link to each megathread .
we encourage you to post in those threads instead if you are still searching for answers .
you can read all of our subreddit 's rules here r/summonerschool/w/rules .
if you would like more information about this removal please message_the_moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsummonerschool .
note if your submission gets removed again for the same rule please discuss your post with the moderators before resubmitting .
i find forums wherecwrestling is n't the main focus will have less rabid crazy fans
and where did she apologize for never mentioning it 's a mobile game until after she got paid ?
and even if she did ... you think moving goalposts is fine as long as there 's an apology ?
oops looks like there 's no wmd 's in this country that we bombed and invaded but it 's okay because we actually wanted the oil ! ''
this comment or post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar .
if you have any questions about this moderation action please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen
when i played xcom enemy unknown on ironman mode and finaly had a good start but then the only save file there are in the campaign gets corrupted
may i have a code too if it 's possible ?
i 'm pretty sure that play singlehandedly made him the most hated player in pittsburgh until 2013 or so .
there is a cheap wood replacement puddy you can get at a wal mart around the paint section or likely any hardwear store you just smash in the hole and smooth out
it is tough because i recently had to cut-out another friend because he 's a real asshole .
he was also my best friend before i started calling the other guy my best friend .
he makes friends astonishingly quickly so it 'll be tough for me to cut him off .
my friends i made in college all live far from me .
when he 's not a lying blocking bitch he 's really awesome .
we have completely different temperaments though and a different outlook on the world but as boys we can really click .
i 've tried cutting ties in the past many times .
end result either i end up missing him or he ends up missing me .
i 've thought about doing mostly a push pull legs program that way i can devote days for both skills training and volume .
very inefficient as you 're maybe getting 2x a week frequency at most .
if you are going to split i recommend full body though then straight arm/bent arm split or upper/lower or push/pull can work .
check out the different types of splits with pros and cons in the 2nd edition if you have it .
i 'm glad they showed me who they are so i could cut them out before anything really happened .
i 'd rather lose some disrespectful friends than disrespect my boyfriend
the finale was screened during an event in la a few days ago .
they make fun of my hair and my inability to speak gaelic at mine .
if yamasaki was ref the fight would be far from over
i feel like i am one of the very few people who never really had a problem with mortars and only got killed by them on extremely rare occasions usually when i was using one myself or put down roots in one spot for too long .
is there any way to know what scenery i have to research to unlock the blueprint ?
i will never support a law that awards a benefit to someone simply because of their color shape or form .
i understand that many feel that women in big corporate world are mistreated but my personal experience in that matter is drastically different .
their extensive medical knowledge on animals is nothing compared to wikihow and a rusty steak knife .
wait a second gambit has just been bounty hunt all along !
that 's mostly a mexican holiday here we only have día de los fieles difuntos '' that 's on november 2nd but it 's just people going to the cemetery to put flowers at graves and churches hold masses and that 's it .
i have tried to build and run it with the same results and i have everything in 16x16 ppu .
at the moment the script is only added to my camera i tried looking for the is a moving object '' option/script like you said but i have yet to find it .
jag är något höger i de flesta frågor men 6 timmar arbetsdag med dräglig lön är något som jag tror många skulle må bra av .
kanske är det att angripa problem i fel ände men det är en tilltalande tanke .
i 'm getting increasingly sick of people blaming stupid shit like this on serious conditions that as you say have an impact on a person 's entire existence .
itt people that do n't understand these are still the best way to play any video game made prior to the dreamcast generation .
yeah at the end of the press conference someone said they would be doing some one on ones now ''
in spain and mexico a lot of people go by an english shortening of their name ricardo and rich for example obviously coming from richard .
i pick things off from the floor with my toes pass them to my hands so i do n't have to bend over .
all that was said was shortly after the event .
there was a 1e/2e setting called lankhmar i never played it but had one of the books .
it was a very low magic 90 ish human setting .
i believe it also revolved around just one city too .
that is to say if people are enjoying what you put in front of them it 's not wrong !
sounds like your roommate is jealous salty or just one of those people that lives to complain .
lookin forward to seein this kid get in the lineup more this season
when i was stationed in fort lewis washington there were a lot of samoans stationed there .
they were all big as shit very competitive very friendly but could mean as shit if they had to be .
i played basketball on a team with 4 of them .
there was often blood but fouls were rarely if ever called .
you need to apply for a sms/token code now to access outside the store network .
there was a focus task last month that walked you through it .
your leader should be able to show you as well .
perhaps the verbosity is born out of commitment to the ideas that supercedes commitment to the joke .
ca n't have punchlines too concise what if there are multiple meanings and they interpret it in a way i do n't want them to ?
i do n't intend to hate on the left half of the country it 's these ideological neomarxists that ca n't meme any more than fundamentalist pearl-clutching christians can .
i do n't really know the song is called fly i guess
i made a post awhile ago about this and did n't see it i did find a fan made version of the video though .
it 's not the exact same but its still cool
i was reading this thread and thought how funny for the same reasons but then i thought also how sad ...
i use to do it a lot wear a version of a wedding ring/engagement ring and it never really stopped anyone it just made it easier to not have to say no more than twice .
also humans did not come from apes but both evolved from a common ancestor over many years .
oh i 'm sure we were n't the only ones called .
blizzard would always find a way to retconn this if they want xd
i cant get grahams bonus against nagy when i have to do 6 fucking rush pressures .
is n't really all that subjective if many of the later leg weapons are perceived as low quality/effort skins from most players
ca n't remember them filming as late as september anytime recently .
there 's plenty more but i 'm dying in bed with a cold so i 'll let you figure out how google works .
i 'm not saying every cop does this but if you refuse to believe there is n't shootings like this happening far more than there should than you just have your head buried in the sand .
our police are going for their guns as a first response to any slight real or imagined far too often and quickly .
that shit should be the last resort not option 1 .
i started at 17 an hour then a couple months later jumped to 18.5 at another place .
decided not to push my luck and i focused on bridging asap .
exactly this is a point that i have made often more and then almost 'got killed ' by some of the community members .
i think that the chinese government will shoot in its own foot when they charge a significant price for participating the chinese economy .
when you pass all checks then you are allowed to do an economic activity .
so it is very possible as you write that tky-price will be near zero .
the gain for the chinese government is that they reach their goals with the tky-project not to introduce a financial barrier for the many still poor chinese citizens .
another question could be how often you have to proof that 'you are you ' .
once you have an insurance or something like that why would someone need more tky-tokens for that part ?
unless the chinese government demands almost daily verification there will be a larger need for tky-tokens at the start then after that period .
so another reason why there might be no shortage of tky-tokens in the longer term .
and yes catherine as you always answer on this subject the price of tky-token is set by the market .
and yes if the demand goes up the price will go up .
but how big will the demand be or stay after everybody uses it ?
in fact why does the market give tky-token such a low price now ?
we are nearing their mainnet and the moment that more and more chinese people are going to use tky-tokens .
maybe a part of the market knows more then some of the investors want to believe about tky-token price .
i 've had the time loop '' happen to me as well and it 's possibly my favorite experience from the game .
the reverse time loop is n't nearly as awesome but still fun .
i do n't have much experience with 2nd gen ryzen tbh but i know it was the source of many a headache on 1st gen. xmp is a propriety intel technology that amd have had to reverse engineer and that support was buggy as hell under the 1000 series .
best theory i 've heard to explain alien abduction stories is that the aliens are elf/faerie legends re-branded with the trappings of the space age .
presumably sleep paralysis and dreaming of big-eyed little weirdos who abduct people and do unspeakable things to them is the basis of legends old and new .
clive being an absolute wanker kind of ruins the memes .
you know stops working when the money for food instead goes to terrorism right ?
hamas made hundreds of millions of dollars over the years off of foreign aid for their citizens .
there are alternatives to physically going to school you know ?
distance education has always been a thing for children/teens in the entertainment industry .
like all idols still in school nako and hitomi and the middle/high school aged korean girls will be given time to study but will still be living with the rest of the group in a dorm since it 's more convenient for schedules .
going back and forth to japan would be inefficient and very tiring for them .
i do n't see cjem just giving the group just two comebacks a year .
they 're probably more going the twice route with alternating promotions in korea and japan and not much downtime in between if the group is successful they 're going to have endless schedules because that 's what will earn cjem money and they 're known for milking their idols .
the part in the butterfly effect when the kid puts the dog in a sack and dumps gasoline on it and lights it on fire .
ajani adversary of tyrants https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/m19/3.jpg ? 1531450639 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=ajani 2c 20adversary 20of 20tyrants sf https scryfall.com/card/m19/3/ajani-adversary-of-tyrants ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/4c565076-5db2-47ea-8ee0-4a4fd7bb353d ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
jaidyn raymond leskie 30 april 1996 – 15 june 1997 was the australian child of bilynda williams and brett leskie kidnapped and murdered in 1997 .
despite leads and the arrest and trial of a prime suspect leskie 's murder remains unsolved .
although the decision was made in 2002 not to hold an inquest into the toddler 's death the case remained in the news for several more years and an inquest was held in 2006 implicating the mother 's boyfriend greg domaszewicz who at the time of the kidnapping was babysitting the boy at his house at newborough .
the circumstances of leskie 's disappearance and death were never clear and were complicated by a pig 's head being thrown at the house and other vandalism on the evening of the toddler 's disappearance an alleged prank about the boy 's fate and the body not being discovered until january 1998 .
rolls eyes as that 's the last thing i want to hear at my family 's parties
well i never win draws but theres always a chance ... ...
yeah it will be interesting to watch what happens with gwadar and how all that plays out .
there are rumours of them creating a chinese only city of half a million people there which could turn it into china 's first overseas colony .
i keep reading this being said but the evidence seems to be lacking so how much is truth and how much is speculation who knows .
china already have their base in djibouti the recent events in the maldives ... .i can see why there would be concerns .
however india must see the economic benefits of a more interconnected asia and europe that obor is attempting to build india can take advantage of the infrastructure and india and china do n't have a long history of conflict mainly due to the geographical impediments ... there are sound reasons to be both hopeful or concerned
is there anything else you 'd like to say in closing ?
one day a person walking on a beach saw some guy picking up starfishes and throwing them back in the sea .
he told that guy that what he is doing is useless — nothing will change because there are thousands of starfish on the beach .
that guy slowly picked up another starfish and threw it back in the sea and replied at least something changed for that one starfish.
standing up and fighting back might not change the entire country but at least something will change for you .
a couple of years ago we had to put our baby to sleep kidney failure .
we ended up taking her to an emergency overnight vet and they took her away to put her to sleep but let us see her afterwards .
i was not very open to the idea but i think it really benefited my mum brother and i in the long run .
unfortunately one of my close friends cats also went through a similar thing last year and turns out she had kidney failure too .
i think she wishes she was there when her cat was put to sleep but another family member was there so she took comfort in that .
google was quick to update its content and wikipedia was fast in reverting it .
i think op wants a solution where if he/she bought an app and wants to delete is as being purchased ...
op i do n't believe there 's a way to do so but i would contact applecare .
your submission was automatically removed because ibb.co is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
it sounds like your country might have a sub-standard educational system .
i 'd encourage you to read a bit about the tens of millions tortured murdered and starved in russia ukraine china north korea etc .
they 'd be equal to any handgun in difficulty of purchase .
i ca n't quote every instance but a majority of the measure as written adds or semiautomatic assault rifle '' to existing languahe where the word handgun appears in the state codes .
the first rifle i ever shot was my grandmother 's bolt action 22 at age 10 .
the first semiautomatic i 've ever shot was at age 15 .
after living on the east coast for most of my life i do n't own any firearms currently but i 'm beginning the necessary paperwork for my perrmit to carry a concealed weapon afer i finish a gun safety course .
edit it 's worth noting that i did n't need to own either of those guns and unless i am missing something the shooting part would still be possible under this law just not the ownership part .
i 'm at the moment still not convinced that background and warrant checks before the sale of a semiautomatic rifle are bad things .
if i was dead set against this initiative and i am very much a can go either way right now i 'd be focusing on how difficult it would be to enforce the storage provisions and that there are constitutional search and seizure concerns with how i interpret the enforcement of that provision .
edit to be clear my earlier exchange with good detail and facts about the provision did a lot more to help shape my opinion than the original image or the weak boy scout argument .
i 'm perplexed why opponents of this initiative are going with some seriously weak arguments when there are some damn good ones to be made .
it is slightly sweet but in an odd way it smells really light like if it rained on grass but kind of darker if that makes any sense !
it 's not refreshing but it smells clean to me !
unless privacy coins are outlawed only a matter of time imho which means they will be dropped by all exchanges resulting the price to drop by 99 .
2/3 or more of high risk coins is n't a good portfolio .
i think somebody must have cross posted it to that subreddit because i 'm seeing it on r/wigglebutts
it looks like one of those tweets where people just need clout .
maybe she 's a legit fan but at this point everyone tries to get the bit of bts ' popularity so they try to make 'relatable ' tweets for young bts fans to jump on .
secret of mana just cuz the english translation of it makes zero sense .
sleepers even tho he was just supporting actor in there but it was thrilling .
she sets her own hours up to a point and she loves it .
the hospital is pleasant the cafeteria is good and the people are young and fun .
she was in school for two years and if she finishes her bachelor 's the hospital system may offset her school costs .
it 's fun to think about what i might have chosen at your age and with all of your options .
why would a girl suggest anal when she has n't cleared herself out beforehand ?
what the hell did she think was going to happen ?
the size of the block chain is relevant obviously because bch is only used by shells the block chain is still small but if it was used in the real world it would become to big then the average person would n't be able to store it .
this happened in sym and hctp i 'm sure it did .
hah already had quite a few of your reblogs liked already .
was n't sure how big the crossover fan base was but i 'm glad you liked it !
100 sure way to get them is with a new patch .
a new patch spawns new instances of the maps with fresh temple events .
i felt the exact same way and i 'm definitely working on it now .
for me it 's more like i 'm slowly opening my eyes—but opening them none the less !
even the idea of having options is just such an empowering concept .
there 's a pretty significant movement to push for feminist interpretations of the qur'an .
the only actual book i 've read on it is women in the quran an emancipatory reading by asma lamrabet .
but generally i just think it 's important to push islamic feminism because arab and muslim countries can be very institutionally wary of western cultural influence .
on account of the y'know century of imperialism followed by corrupt behind-the-scenes control .
if islamic feminism is pushed it 's much harder to blame western cultural imperialism trying to destroy culture .
one of the reasons trump got to the status he has gotten to .
pc culture not allowing you to speak your mind and people being fed up with it .
granted that doesnt mean hes rhe right fix but it was a rebellion against smug progressive elitist sensitive pc culture .
do n't be dismissive of the qualifier because it gives more context to exactly how sick it is .
it also reveals to anyone unfamiliar that abuse happens all the time in college sports and that it 's not an isolated problem even though it does serve as an exemplar .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
all images must have at least 600,000 pixels width height .
there is an acceptable size here https pbs.twimg.com/media/ct3cvk6u8aaxwcv.jpg ? format=jpg name=orig from this tweet https twitter.com/kamiliaosan844/status/665901210872909824 .
however you may want to look through the whole set and find a different image .
the search is here https twitter.com/search ? q=20151115 20seungyeon src=typd .
good to be playing with so many old faces and fun to see elbowsss is up to the same tricks again .
i hit up vietnamese 90 of the time i eat out .
i usually go to white lotus because i know they make everything from scratch and pho chau thinh for a change because it 's pretty legit too .
but i 'll have to try this place next !
for the time being bob iger is calling it disney play '' so for all intent and purposes it is just easier to call it disney play than disney 's new streaming service that will start in 2019 ''
or it could be they programmed him to be invincible cause he sends you on a quest to fetch stuff for him .
cause no other survivor asks you to fetch stuff for them .
i agree 100 i want you to be comfortable and able to identify with your character .
utter dipshit '' should be one of the default skins for every faction .
it looks like the tiki mask from crash bandicoot is hiding just out of frame .
you mean since lana rhodes porn is a thing there must be porn of lana rhodes porn ?
if the game is down all the time then sure it sucks but i 'd absolutely trade a random day a week of downtime for functionally unlimited ap at the rate i 'd use it .
i second the monstress the worldbuilding is great and fits perfectly to the strong women characters-slot .
you tell her she has to go and make sure your safe from any crazy making .
anything she does from then on is solely her problem .
wait is this the ink overstock solution i 've been looking for ?
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
this is already one of our all time top posts good hmmm though
if you have any questions about this removal please read the rules faq https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules because it will have the answer .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circlejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
like walking in the store downloading fortnite playing games .
hello your submission has been removed due to not containing a game/software name at the beginning of your title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamephysics if you have any questions or concerns .
as many dutch fought with the ss in ww2 as with the resistance .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
i think that 's a way to put it .
though to say a personal revelation could be misleading .
another way to say that could be that i experience an interior knowledge of him prior to reasoning a sense of beauty that denies the mind 's attempt to explain things away .
imagine going out in nature one evening and being overwhelmed by the beauty of the stars—it is an experience that could perhaps be explained by looking at the brain as a lump of cells and chemicals that responds to stimuli a certain way but to do so rejects our experiential knowledge that the stars really are beautiful .
if we want to be materialist about it we could either say that beauty as we imagined it is simply a mental construct or that our reaction is simply a hypothetically predictable chemical chain reaction in the brain .
there are ways of making that experience of beauty make rational sense but doing do rejects that that beauty was objectively real and fails to satisfy what we already know of beauty by experience .
we can not say why beauty is something more but the certainty that it is can not be denied without denying the validity of the experience altogether .
he is first recognized not mystically but personally experientially perhaps intuitively .
he is known the way beauty is known—like poetry if we approach him analysis first we wo n't know him .
as to which reason is more compelling i would say that our reason is the strongest argent for god i know .
i can not mathematically prove that our reason necessitates god 's existence and indeed i do n't believe any such proof of god 's existence is possible but i do feel certain that reason is naturally ordered to attaining truth and not only that but the whole human person appears ordered toward the absolute .
i can not deny the validity of truth nor can i deny the reality of beauty .
not from within me or from within humanity because they transcend human nature .
not from chaos because that would be to deny their reality in a way .
but there is an echo inside me call it my conscience if you like that directs me toward these higher things .
an echo implies a voice and that voice i take to be the voice of god .
the game is barely a year old so the original players thing seems silly to me this coming from someone who 's had save the world since season 1 .
epic would honestly be dumb to not get that huge amount of dough and did never state that the skins were not coming back but the constant re releases of other holiday skins hai love ranger does cause the mind to start questioning what they 're thought process is on this .
i 've heard people in oregon mention it but not from california .
i just think something that different happening to the entire human population would be so crazy that people would stay home and play around .
and if everyone did this for even a day or two it would shut things down .
think of how much infrastructure behind the scenes things go on every day that require people there to do it .
good thing the licensing exam for us medical doctors usmle is multiple choice !
this is actually hearthwarming and that commentator looks slightly like tepper to me lol
i went scuba diving in cabo once and swam with hundreds down almost 100 ft to this plateau where you could see a writhing black mass all around and below they were everywhere .
heard told you so while eating at a resteraunt was an awesome surprise .
cards from packs and the packs themselves you get from the code cards in physical packs are tradable .
however you can also get tradable packs from tournaments in ptcgo and from the daily tasks that reward packs .
this is a reminder to ensure your r/f post complies with the subreddit 's guidelines .
the most common issue is formatting make sure that you have pressed the enter/return key twice after each card to get to a new line otherwise your deck list will be a big block of text .
also anyone who wishes to comment on this post should be constructive and prepared to justify their recommendations .
please message the moderators if you have any questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yugioh if you have any questions or concerns .
the stormlight archives are quite good but they are definetly a different style since its a sanderson book .
which come apparent when you listen to his writing lessons on youtube .
i 'm honestly ok with invading countries of dictators using chemical attacks .
the list of post-wwii chemical attacks is pretty short but the problem was that honestly he should have just been removed from power in the gulf war .
that and honestly we should have crucified the us parties responsible for furthering his development on the weapons but we know that will never happen .
hey there this post while it does indeed give is not a gif .
try to find a good gif to post next time !
if you have any questions or concerns please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgifsthatkeepongiving subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/gifsthatkeepongiving/comments/9cblk1 .
direct replies to official mod comments will be removed .
depends on where the elevator is in the mission and what type of mission it is .
for instance if you have the data mass in a mobile defense and your team is lagging way behind you are better off taking an early elevator alone to start the timer on the defense objective as soon as possible .
i do n't think i will ever be 100 into someone if i do n't get to know them well first that 's why i agreed to be in this .
so my problem is not with the foundation of this relationship but with failing to understand my emotional responsibilies ?
perhaps something a bit more than a simple thank you at the end of the day .
something like i appreciate you taking care of that issue before it became a major problem ... .or you really stepped up when you dealt with that customer .
something that says that management actually paid attention to the specifics of what i did rather than just that i completed my assigned tasks
if your sword is flaming we have antibiotics for that .
i ca n't imagine how anyone would find that enjoyable .
there must be a huge preparation before putting the whole arm in i bet
see the post about the hidden by the commentators messages which exists even in simple and well known '' word birion
libertarianism has become a shadow of its former self and i do n't trust socialism
they are n't bothering me a lot right now but i have n't been working these past few weeks since i got out of the hospital so idk how bad things will get when i add in work stress .
there is a place in the prahran market where every sunday you can get a box of fruit and veg of your choice you fill it up based on what they put out for 15 it 's not delivered but worth the effort
it will probably just show up in your account library .
i totally get that eren is n't likely to forget about this but i and most likely many others sure did so it felt really jarring to me when he mentioned them alongside levi 's squad and hannes which were deaths that actually made me feel like shit when i was watching them happen .
she 's a genuinely nice person what the fuck is wrong with some people ...
my girlfriend 's next to me and i really just wan na tie her up and pound her until she cant stand anymore because being a dom is hot and she 's a hot sub and i 'm super horny but i canr because were at her camp
all trades must be initiated and negotiated within the comments of a thread and only the actual codes be sent through pm .
this helps to prevent scams and track trusted traders .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/uvtrade if you have any questions or concerns .
nevertheless i like the flow and the songs remind me of his older work .
those stupid infuriating out of place stealth sections where you have to collect 10 thingies in 3 minutes for no good reason and if a patrolling monster sees you you ca n't fight it and it 's instant death .
i love zelda i finished every one but this one .
after hours trying to finish the second of those sections i turned it off and never played it again .
there 's plenty more games competing for my time .
hey this is fake they are the same people ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
and the guy with the backpack is cheating to his girlfriend
i think an interesting answer to your question can be found in feyerabend 's how to defend society against science https anarcosurrealisti.noblogs.org/files/2010/10/feyerabend-paul-how-to-defend-society-against-science.pdf .
mind you i do n't really agree with feyerabend and if you 'd like to discuss it we can .
but i do find his position interesting with regard to this question .
lol why are they all talking about ppr when breida caught like 20 passes in college and barely any last year ?
i shopped around a bit and found a temporary lock that can fit any lock sounds promising .
but how can they believe any vendor would send the info considering they 'd get in trouble themselves by sending it ... that 's why this whole thing is wonky
is there a list of iotms that have special functions on certain challenge paths ?
i 'm still convince we will get news of a beta around the time the paid online service launches later this month .
the government needs to chill on their demonizing of video game culture over there .
my boyfriend just bought this game a week ago .
we still have yet to play it i hope it 's good .
i am in the middle of a move but i 'll pull them out and see what i have .
especially when you played these games on typical consoles imagining them handheld and then the psp and ds got closer to that .
mario 64 pokemon pearl and so on ... something about the vibe i got playing those .
my lady at the time and i both got one and just hid in the dark like kids .
if this applies to everyone i 'd probably pick r/reddit.com since a lot of people would pick it then we would resurrect it and have a single subreddit reddit .
james k polk did everything he said he would on the campaign trail and did n't seek a second term !
ca n't really find much negative to say about him except maybe the mexican american war ?
i would assume there are some rules such as no blatant cheating e.g .
you can tell i do n't know how to quantify it .
for the price and performance i do n't think you can beat them .
they do make a larger 8 inch one too .
when ordering on amazon they are n't sold in pairs so be aware of that .
not only food but also hygiene products dog food .
but again we do n't eat or use all the things within a week .
after always guessing where the money goes and on what it was spend so quickly i started saving each recipt and at the end of the month i add it together and sort all the products we have bought into categories .
and now i can tell my husband where the money goes
he no longer uses it too much but this is where he used to drop his songs independently back in 2015-2017. it was originally named chloe burbank because he wanted to drop his serious work anonymously without his pink guy fans finding out about it .
however the account was breached fairly quickly and he just came out and claimed it as his account .
i wish i could link you to the instagram post he made about it back when it happened but sadly he 's deleted the majority of things on his account .
he was making a prediction going forward from that time .
global average temperatures did not rise 2 degrees c or f from 1986 to 2006 .
our saving grace is that we have better defense than these fucking muppets seager not included
aw hell you mean it 's going to take even longer now to get changes to carts implemented ?
was lucky enough to watch ronaldinho play ne revolution years ago and a young messi come on in the 60th minute to score a brace .
the only issue i see is the stick in ur ass
attempting to ruining someone 's life for saying something offensive or something you do n't agree with is n't the same thing as holding people accountable '' .
we are n't talking about people in the public eye who actually did genuinely fucked up things like rape sexual harassment or pedophilia .
we 're talking about people whose only crimes are saying some offensive ignorant or unpopular things and then become the targets of internet mobs seeking to destroy everything they have .
yeah sorry i was in a hurry my bad i think my astroworld is little crocked tho
i tried out other organized religions and never really felt like anything was right for me .
then i found buddhism and do my own practice and meditation .
i like that you can practice on your own terms and that there is study involved .
i have thought about trying out a local place where there do different leaded meditations but have n't made it there yet .
warriors have a problem coming up they will lose one of the guys anyways .
they either choose to lose one of klay or kd this coming off-season or dray the next one .
i wo n't be surprised if kd leaves to go somewhere new for his next chapter anyways or he could take the supermax if they offer it either way they 're losing someone .
kawhi is in his prime sets you up for now and the long future to battle with the teams that will be at the top in the next couple years gsw time coming to an end .
i 'd bet on lakers over warriors if you add kawhi/lbj to what the lakers have right now i do n't think it 'd be close .
minus a klay or dray their depth is already gutted they could have curry/kd on supermaxes and it 's a cakewalk .
google outdoor curtains made with canvas drop cloth”.. that 's where i found the idea when i didnt have 300 for curtains !
it probably would n't be so bad if i could afford insurance and actual psychiatric treatment but i ca n't .
i 've been self medicating in one form or another for a decade heroin and meth the last three years but the last year has been almost strictly heroin and when i 'm high i 'm ok but as soon as i 'm sober it all comes back tenfold .
the ars would be even worse with the smgs the gamemode would be smg or death
unless you 're the type of person to game and only game ...
i like to listen to music ... have a few tabs open on the side ... etc .
if you 're not like me and you 're fine with just gaming ... then 8gbs should be just fine for nearly all situations .
but if you like to do other things while gaming especially streaming i 'd get some more ram .
the perfect men 's style white button down that will not gape at my boobs be too large/small at the shoulders be thick enough material to not show a bra or nipples through and that billows perfectly when tucked into pants .
mostly i 'd take the button down that does n't gape at the boobs .
this is a bot created by u/quiet__noise https www.reddit.com/u/quiet__noise please message my master for any inqueries
super late to comment but ive used this for decades and still use it .
if you create a .txt file and make the 1st line
every time you open that file it will add the date and time at the end of it .
oh they 've been committing crimes since the obama era ?
i believe it was confirmed for october 9th this year .
hi dogmysterio thank you for your submission to r/comedycemetery !
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
rule 4 this has been posted here within the past few weeks .
please be sure to check the new '' section before posting .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the mods .
i understand that at this point i just feel like it does n't make sense .
problem that i hate for most of his fancier work is his heavy use of a cnc machine .
it makes me very jealous of the inlays he is able to create !
tying your personal identity to your national identity is often done by people who have little else going for them and are insecure jerks as a result .
i got at least 12 in a day some back 2 back and only stopped because my gf said she 'd throw my clothes out of our 3rd story apt window if i did n't get her chick-fil-a
the northerners would be the ones calling for jaime 's head probably supported by arya and sansa .
the last the northerner 's know they have an alliance with house lannister .
they would have no reason to execute jaime until he tells them of his sister 's betrayal at that point he is the one who warned them not the one who betrayed them .
while the northern lords do n't like jaime they have no reason to kill him .
neither arya nor sansa have any real reason to kill jaime .
while yes he fought their father and pushed bran out a window arya and sansa never interact with jaime on screen iirc .
jaime does n't even make it on to arya 's list of names .
while i doubt they would get along she has n't cared about him for 7 seasons .
as for sansa she was held prisoner by his family but he had been absent from king 's landing the entire time .
in the show he gets back just before her escape but we never see them interact .
the only child of ned stark that jaime really had any major cause to interact with is bran .
however after bran 's recent turn of events i doubt he is going to care at all about what jaime has done in the past .
he 's the 3 eyed raven now what happened to bran stark is of no real consequence to him anymore .
i would n't be able to stop myself from laughing at him .
you thought i 'd go outside look for you see you across the street go over there and give it to you ? !
it would 've been rad if she hit it .
come on sharon we all know you tried it in college
that seems fun but i think i 'm already a pretty good sub slut and i actually have a training kind of thing which i did which i might right as a long story .
was just wondering this everything i click in the store comes with the other expansions or some other stuff i either have or do n't care for .
if you disagree with this action you can message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fblackpeopletwitter subject message .
please include a link to your post so that we can see it .
its almost like when two opposing cultures are forced into one area they naturally fight for dominance .
i 'd pick him up and give him a stick to bite on .
atl is struggling right now offensive wise and mixon has been cementing his spot as a threat .
chemically it 's only 8 hours and it 's a very minor urge .
that 's why you dont wake up in the middle of the night every night for a fix .
i used that one and i have no criminal record .
to think he ca n't learn a position is bs .
am i saying he goes out next game in that position ?
but if his goal is to make it to the nfl then other positions are somethings he needs to consider .
yeah i 'd cut back to watering once a day and pay attention to how much the water is puddling .
is there any way i could spawn it in my single player game ?
i 'd love to make breadsprites but i spend too much time loafing around .
if you have full coverage on your car inurance would have payed for the repairs.. it might be too late to use the option now
it 's honestly kind of scary that there was a time that you took pictures and had no idea what they looked like until you developed them and that the people who developed them would just watch it and invade your privacy .
if it broke out that google could actually see all pictures you took on your android phone that 'd be a mad scare but that used to be the reality .
thank god i can now take all my murder and kiddie porn pictures in private .
what were the rates on that one out of curiosity ?
it 's not the same principle as other devices .
basically you can have the effect you want by hovering in the middle of the screen .
i usually only use tm gen on the time trial with a seraph gen for od damage .
they rushed the prints out for the premier when i say before '' i 'm talking a few days to a few weeks early .
it had a lot of different scene transitions some of the effects were unfinished and the sound mix was slightly different .
if you think that 's weird there 's three different 1977 sound mixes for the original movie and they all had major differences because they kept working on them throughout the process instead of finalizing the mix and then mastering for the different formats .
there 's a 70mm magnetic mix a dolby stereo mix and a mono mix .
the mono mix was the last one and supposed to be the definitive version they did n't expect surround sound to take off like it did .
it 's as if the driver 's license or truck registration could have prevented the criminal act op references .
both of those exist to enable taxation not public safety .
not only we have to see them on the megaphones we now have to get whisper at dang !
you probably tell your girl to calm down and think it would work .
well obviously there are always gon na be people that say that but i 'm just fine on games like fortnite and pubg it 's only this game for me
i fully expected to see nowi snickering in the background at this point .
the worst part about this photo are the guys sitting in the front row man-spreading .
is this question directed at people who suffer from 'benjamin button ' disease ?
i 'm ambiguous sometimes i think that certain situations or people you meet them for a reason .
sometimes i think that there 's no fate and we are responsible for our actions ourselves
here http tropicwx.com/indexbackups/donate.html is how to support his page by donating to second harvest food bank of new orleans/acadiana .
hey my ign is euryclapclap im not super familiar withthe game but id be down to play with ya i play on na
yeah i would guess they saw it too and did the smart thing of keeping their mouths shut .
its not worth reporting crime if it can end up coming after you .
i did .. and i zeroed in about 3-5 cases.. phanteks 300/350/400s/400 and nzxt 500/430/430 elite..
you are also not likely to get any compensation for stolen shit unless you already are rich enough to brush off the loss or pay for legal help .
so should a small business just accept thieves ruining his livelihood ?
it 's not like cops are overly concerned with returning the stolen property .
the vault is just a cache meant to save bandwidth by storing downloaded assets on your hard drive .
if you delete anything there it will just download that asset again when you want to use it in another project .
it will not delete the asset from your account .
my first time sharp shadow and dash master combo maybe i ca n't remember did the majority of my damage i was too slow and uncoordinated to nail more than once usually .
this is one way but there are others probably better but it worked for me .
i always positioned close but not at the far ends of arena .
sharp shadow dash through or under dive depending on timing and jump immediately and loop back to avoid fire trail .
fire pillars i initially struggled to get multiple hits in so i went in nailed once then jumped and sharped shadow dashed back through him for extra damage .
the fire birds i just jumped over first one i think and then dashed in to hit once .
this is the only time i would end up swapping sides of arena .
always try to get back to close to edge of arena .
you 'll eventually identify a spot that does n't really get touched by the spikes .
the bullet hell learn to sort of do small jump a fraction backwards over the ball and loop forward .
this gives you time to jump again after landing if required .
jumping in a sort of circular motion means you do n't get pushed back into the wall .
fuck why do i get an urge to get like 10 bottles of this shit and eat nothing but really good hamburgers that have been drenched in this sauce for breakfast lunch and dinner ...
your post on r/teamredditteams was automatically removed because you did not follow the title requirements .
all plat community looking for members in every region .
feel free to post again with the proper formatting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teamredditteams if you have any questions or concerns .
tifr does this and it really is needed in more competitions otherwise the last 15 seconds may as well not be a part of the fight
it 's the first time i saw him not act like a fucking psycho too .
the way he hyped up the crowd and acted as a super babyface was kinda weird lol
i ca n't thank you enough for positing this .
i wish i could give you a big hug .
maybe elaborate on your method perhaps and what 's works for you ?
lately i 'm using only hydroid for moving around in the plains .
what do they want ad views for if they are a number station ?
hahaha lmao i hope he goes to st kilda just for these lels
yeah i think you can i had to drop it down at one point when i played on ps4
look at the bright side hes a beast on fifa so we will have him for another year in our cm 's
i 've got so used to this that when i enter normal elevators by myself i forget to choose the floor and just stand there like an idiot !
kids have so much energy that spending time with them is a job .
and you main goal being a kid is to become to an functioning adult .
being in a job thats does not fulllfil you thats a negative imgage for a kid .
and compensating that with spending time that can be spend finding a better job drains you more now .
here 's why i left megan phelps-roper by ted https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bvv2zk88bey
bleep bloop i am a bot and this action was performed automagically .
did they actually induce tears or just swab the conjunctiva or something ?
we all know wg is just a small indie company .
but hey they are bringing hotwheels to the game .
just made one how do i send it to you
i like the game as a killer i think it 's quite a change of pace from running around open fields .
he 's trailing behind raikkonen for most of his first stint and yet made those tyres run on pace for 6 or more laps compared to kimi .
same as bottas vs verstappen supersofts were better tyre on sunday .
do n't forget his race in germany this year his tyre management won him the race after vettel bottled it .
not really bottas backed off to fend off raikkonen .
if they 'd fight rather than securing 1-2 he 'd lose to bottas and potentially kimi .
do n't get me wrong he 's very good at managing tyres but those races were won by mercedes strategy not by lewis saving his tyres .
also have a few painted toppers and other small items .
the fact that you say things like this is why you will remain forever a would n't '' .
lmao and white knighting on the internet definitely makes you a would '' amirite ?
i 'm just saying people should n't be skipping these banners and waiting for the lr because they will likely return around christmas .
it 's their stones they can do what they want with them .
i was just theorising when the lr 's would be back .
the show never really did much for me but at the end of the day it 's different strokes for different folks .
purely tourism 😊 unfortunately i do n't meet the requirements for a working visa over there but i 'm pretty content with this nonetheless .
my partners family has offered to house me for the duration of my stay so i do n't need to worry about accomodation cost which usually ends up being the biggest cost plus i 've saved up an alright amount of money so i should be able to cover the rest of my expenses which will mostly be food and shopping i guess 😄
this game does n't have an anti-cheat to prevent hacking .
even if people were to be banned it 's likely that the ban would be easy to circumvent due to the game being locally saved and not through a centralized server .
personally as long as hackers do n't fuck with my experience i do n't mind them clogging the leaderboards .
it sucks but unfortunately capcom did n't take many precautions in safeguarding against it .
that 's the only part of the movie that seems unreal to you ?
decided to make an animated live wallpaper '' for smartphones .
if you enjoy the art we do have an instagram and imgur where i will try to keep updated with new content .
r/soccerstreams and then one of the top links will usually be an ace stream
i was hoping to do a one time post something positive like this
this mp4 version is 94.63 smaller than the gif 319.11 kb vs 5.8 mb .
good for you there 's no reason to get hung up on stuff that does n't really matter .
kinda ironic because tobi is the one who is usually playing mercy so he 's the one flying in overwatch .
they were not your friends '' and if that behavior was constant and they would put you in a spotlight instead of thinking about their mistakes they were shitty people as well say bye bye !
all these arguments are important but to just count a pension as a zero in planning is a little extreme .
to me my pension a part of a diversified retirement portfolio and like all other assets there is a risk attached to it .
even with a very conservative estimate in a shit hits the fan scenario my pension will pay out a couple hundred each month .
if i am ever rich enough to consider a couple hundred a month merely a bonus '' that 'd be super awesome but the pension is important for every scenario where for whatever reason i do n't end up being rich .
god statistic skewed by x georg '' still makes me laugh .
you 're right on the dot i feel like my love 's really rubbed off on coyle 3
he 's gon na be even madder when he finds out other rappers tie their shoelaces the same way as him too .
sorry about this didnt realise the issue with international payments on league safe gon na refun the others and just go ahead with a non paid league if youre still interested pm me your email and ill add you
say it louder so the people in the back can hear you .
even if i didnt know which one was which its obvious that the bottom one has more cars and its brighter ...
i 'll be around for the next 4 hours then i 'll sleep and wake up 11 hours from now .
then i probably only have 1 hour window before i go to work .
i remember this when we were generally discussing who to vote for in csm co2 leaders said its better do n't vote because csm is pointless lol .
as god as my witness he is broken in half .
im sure you 'll be the next scumpiiiii after that ridiculous turn on in a highly competitive setting
i just started playing today and could use a carry if you do n't mind .
it was a nade that got me ... the guy who rushed was killed .
needs a comprehensive lesson in the boundaries of his car .
do n't feel ashamed to look back a few levels to brush up on the fundamentals you learned in grade school even if it 's just a few hours of tutorial videos on youtube at the start of term .
being practiced up on basic algebra geometry and trig may just save your ass in an exam .
i started engineering school at age 22 and decided to take a semester of pre-calc before attempting calc 1 just to be safe .
it felt weird at first because i 'd already learned everything a few years prior but in hindsight it was one of the best decisions i made in uni .
i agree that companionship is important to all of us but i 'm fine with ruby 's companionship being with a small dog and her friends and family .
also i 'd argue her being a silver eyed warrior is one of the least pressing issues of rwby .
most characters seemed to have either forgotten about it or simply do n't care lol .
just call it a penis that 's what it is anyway
in the search comic it 's explained that ozai 's father azulon actively sought out roku 's granddaughter in order to merge the two powerful bloodlines maximizing the possibility of a strong fire bending heir .
ursa zuko and azula 's mother had absolutely no say in this matter .
prior to this zuko 's descendants lived in seclusion in a small village far from the capital .
everyone seems to think of me as some kind of lazy fuck that always manages to get through .
remember that failing is a lot different than failure .
you can fail as often as you would like and still not be a failure .
i wonder what your family thinks of you being such a giant piece of shit ?
you would have said anything under the conditions mccain was held under .
you would have denounced your mother and father and called your brother satan .
you would have begged to suck any dick around for ten minutes of peace .
i did n't say they had a shit track i meant they did n't have really have one because they do n't release much .
i 'm not saying cdpr is bad in any sense or that ea is good but you should n't rate them on a track record because they barely have one .
joins part way through the first runan split with solid bases in a good class with two incredible skills flurry and wrath .
with how mount-dominated runan route is he definitely thrives there for almost the whole game .
his growths are kinda mediocre but he makes a good candidate for a strength potion .
lack of initial canto also sort of sucks but he gets a canto scroll in his second map fort balt to patch that up quickly .
he 's pretty much got everything he needs in order to function really well like san without any training required .
if you try for example re-assigning your manager to a different project it 's not going to work but not because your technical expertise is n't respected .
you could put that image over a random set of dots and change the size and angle to make it look just like this .
tweet at the presenter they can hand them off too .
well off without any authoritarian rule like in the dominion .
it 's a bunch of monarchies though they 're all authoritarian .
yeah but demi-fiend was at the very last boss .
aleph and flynn still have some time to grow .
all she sam does is bitch be abrasively rude and half-ass clean ''
i know you 're joking bud but if we can be serious for a moment i 'd say he 's trying to get as many rounds in as possible before he goes to prison .
grade a ! grade d but edible but they 're both rated for human consumption .
i 'll research it later when i have time and brain capacity .
if i could flair up for osu wrestling i would .
i picked up that same one at bsf and absolutely love it !
my other belts have been tossed out at this point nothing compares to a grip6 .
what if ximena is the love of my life ?
what if she 's not but angelica is available ?
and then maybe marjorie ? ... .i need to take risks . ''
i said he was a narcissist so i think it pretty much stands to reason that i do n't think he 's a good role model .
no one should be touching you between your legs without your permission .
even if they are your mom and even if is n't for pervy reasons .
she did when you were a kid and she does it now .
she is losing control of you as an adult and she is resisting this by continuing to treat you like a 16 year old .
i initially went into my first gambit match with riskrunner and tarantula and after the first round i swapped to sleeper and ikelos sg .
i 'd definitely recommend figuring out the pax i use a dynavap and enjoy it much more than smoking a joint or bowl or blunt due to not inhaling all the bs plus you use less and for me it 's a cleaner high .
i never smoked a cig i smoked 1 cigar and probably less than 20 blunts in the 5-6 years i been smoking due to the fact that i really try to stay away from the tabacky unless it 's that whacky ...
it 's not that people think guns are responsible .
it 's always been the people pulling the trigger .
but it is a numbers game arm every teacher in the nation and i guarantee that there will be more dead kids .
more guns means an increase in the likelihood of these guns getting fired .
not played it on pro but from what i 've gathered there is a noticeable difference in performance .
walking in heels is torturous to me but it 's the cultural norm for ladies .
i 'm over 30 now and feel much more confident in my choice to never wear heels but in my 20s the pressure to look sexy when going out was worth the pain usually not worth it for me though .
a fair number yes but not as many as some .
these days i play duos mostly and only started really trying to climb those leaderboard over the last 2 seasons .
first season was 30 wr second was 18 was n't able to play as much .
i play about 50 games per season right now .
goo gone might be a good friend and mr clean magic erasers
when dissolved in fluid salts tend to break apart into their component ions creating an electrically-conductive solution .
for example table salt nacl dissolved in water dissociates into its component positive ion of sodium na and negative ion of chloride cl .
any fluid that conducts electricity such as this new saltwater solution is known as an electrolyte solution the salt ions of which it 's composed are then commonly referred to as electrolytes .
it was cardboard only at least so no food and maggots .
did democrats contribute at all to the current low unemployment rate ?
they are just trying to make money same as you .
nothing is stopping you from shorting too if you think the price is going to go down .
it 's easy to just hold forever but if you want something more put your money where your mouth is .
then you have the douchebag that wants you to die for more loot .
yeah the 2 i believe includes some improper use as well
however i 'm sure most filmmakers do lots of things that would n't be considered standard hollywood practice but that does n't make them any less useful .
assuming every filmmaker will eventually only make projects for hollywood is n't really reasonable .
i use this a lot and i 've found it really helpful but i 'm also just one person .
no timeouts left with 3 minutes left in the first ... ... ... iam not sure even les miles was that bad .
that joke predates the internet but it 's definitely a joke .
we all know you applied that inch of cleavage with mascara .
yep theres only so many ea bads a person can take .
it would lose some credibility with republicans who are iffy about trump .
and he could weaken the investigation significantly without having to shut the whole thing down .
my allergies were horrific when i was young and did n't improve much when i moved to a different place as a young adult .
wow from the slowdown you can see that it actually takes him a fraction of a second to follow .
my point is that a bernie cant really be bern .
it 's the ee sound or the full name .
quite a few people talk on here about strong male names versus soft male names .
to me a bernie is kind of a softer male name which is fine .
all i would need is that little one on the right .
i do n't mean to pry but what was the name of the movie ?
it 's different but it 's so bang average compared to the mainline games .
i was gon na mention that i had a depressive episode when i posted my answer .
i do n't live somewhere super cold but i have a team of coats to replay in various weather .
i keep my props inside in a south-facing window .
i have n't heard of covering them until they root .
you might be thinking of seeds where you cover them with clingwrap to trap moisture and help with germination .
what effect does his use of porn have on your relationship ?
while that 's all technically true it 's not really such a detrimental issue unless you 're using software that loves ram or you need every single frame possible while using a high end system with a 1080ti especially when paired with a ryzen cpu .
if you 're using a midrange system it wo n't amount to a huge difference .
1x10¯6 of 1 second is hard to notice even times 3 .
this ram is fine just not the absolute best .
i know a few friends who would love to have it
not gon na lie mowing the lawn in the rain sounds heavenly at this time of year .
ever just break out crying watching tv for no reason ?
that was my morning and from there it was just plain mental collapse .
sometimes sleeping it off helps for me if you can sleep that is .
i do n't know the new canon regarding the remnant though in old canon we had thrawn and isard and daala before it finally came to a negotiated peace .
i have no idea what the new standing is .
if we assume that the first order was treated as a kind of unknown factor or vastly underestimated then it has a lot of parallels with the korean war you 'd think that after the second world war the united states would be capable of dealing with a relatively inept invasion from north korea but the first phase of that war was inexperienced stepped-down forces poorly equipped unmotivated and fighting a retreat until the very tip of the peninsula at which point they held on tooth and nail long enough to coordinate a counterattack and push all the way back to north korea .
if we just roughly applied historical precedent pretty much every army in the world gets reduced in size after a major conflict .
soldiers cost money obviously why keep an army of wartime size when they have no war to fight ?
hell look at armies before during and after conflict and you 'll see the bell curve unless there 's a deliberate militarisation an army grows substantially more during a conflict then before it and then scales down rapidly once the war is over unless there 's a required occupation force which would still be smaller than the army 's peak strength .
for the most basic example the us army was 16,000 strong before the civil war a conflict which would see a million deaths ... obviously it had to scale up massively for the war .
i do n't see any reason why the new republic as a successor to the alliance which has all the trademarks of basically a militia force would n't have a smaller standing force than they would have during the war particularly as they could call up volunteers as needed or rely on planets providing a local militia to bolster their numbers in defence .
i would love to see a louis litt spin-off because i liked him with each season .
it went from a fun legal show to a soap opera really fast .
louis and donna are probably my favorite characters in the show .
i had to quite because the writing is just so lazy .
you always think that the characters demonstrate some sort of character development and change but as soon as that gets inconvenient the writers entirely reverse or ignore any sort of development .
it also uses that cliche way to often where characters have some sort of misunderstanding that is blown out of proportion because they ca n't be bothered to have a 2 minute discussion first to understand what each other is doing .
it 's forgivable if it happens once or twice but it 's literally every other episode .
it 's fine to have an overly dramatic guilty pleasure show .
but the drama just gets tiresome when it 's repeatedly because the characters are written to be unrealistically unreasonable .
it seems like kamakura is mostly just temples which we are not super interested in .
it 's hard to tell what era it is also .
russia is far from bankrupt and wargames are definitely worthwhile considering their recent modernization .
so you could see a larger version of your character .
i actually enjoyed the restricting nature of the heists in single player .
i might go back and replay the campaign for a third time because i enjoyed it so much .
i brought up that the only time it 's relevant is when discussing the military .
and i brought up the fact that i 'm a vet because i was discussing the military in that military members and only military members can call each other boots .
i 'm having a little bit of trouble following your story .
are you saying that there was a silly argument with person x and the wrote out a public memo listing all the wrong things and why he did n't like the person who called him a bigot ?
x quit and the person he was fighting with felt bad ?
and because x was known to everyone else to be argumentative the memo was not well received ?
the new maverick car is probably for those who wanted a painted dominus it looks a lot like it
it 's not so much about him making the move it 's more that he now does n't have a chance to lead a team or effectively prove how good he is .
they 'll win as long he plays at an all star level and aside from putting up godly stats which he does n't there is nothing he can really do to separate himself from the top 25ish folks to the top 10
so bitcoin continues to rise and just about everything else goes to 0 where it belongs ?
people are just trying to help but she seems to have a stick up her ass feeling very self-important .
mute is a valid solution but she feels like there needs to be a special solution for her alone .
and what is dishonest about calling white supremacists white supremacists ?
sf would not abuse a database based on a call from random salty snco especially from base pop .
you have n't gotten to the root of the issue when you talk it seems like the focus is you explaining why you want and need sex and her saying she will try harder but you have no idea why the sex stopped in the first place .
you have not only a right to know why your desires for sex have diverged so enormously you need to know so you can effectively make decisions about how best to go forward with your relationship .
this is not negotiable she must be honest with you however much she may want to equivocate or hide the reason s .
i would sit down with her some day when you both have time and try to have that discussion .
do n't make it about you and your needs make it about her and what 's happening in her head and body .
this is information you have to have if you want any hope of making this work or any way of knowing if it even can still work .
in the meantime when i see posts like yours where you feel your relationship is otherwise so very close and perfect i tend to recommend this video by esther perel https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ierripp-7ja about how it 's possible to be too close to your partner .
if you do everything together and can practically read each other 's minds that is n't the best thing for a romantic relationship and for sexual frisson .
i thought the same until i realized they are doing dishes not making food
ouch from the us it is 4.95 or via phone it is something like 50 us unless you dispute and they will lower it typically to 4.95 for a few trades
great then he will be found guilty and i 'll agree with you .
let me stop you right there because you 're sounding like an absolute moron for one simple reason
'' meme warfare '' is not only one of the dumbest things i 've ever heard of it 's also one of the absolute least important things i 've ever heard of .
so to follow that up are you fucking serious ?
and no the average redditor '' does not think that of the average right winger .
it 's just that if you are a right winger and you followed your party even if you do n't necessarily support trump then you helped get him elected which makes you part of the problem .
so what we 're saying here is not the fact that the left can indeed meme if this really has to be spoon fed to you .
we 're saying it 's really fucking dumb that the people saying the left ca n't meme actually consider memes an important part of their political platform .
and finally i can provide numerous examples of the trump-neckbeard correlation if you 're also having trouble understanding why that stereotype exists .
but yeah how seriously you seem to be taking memes in this comment is pretty much exactly what a neckbeard would do and it 's really funny so please do n't leave me hanging in your response
i 'd say monster hunter shows boss rush '' is lucrative as a franchise already or has been for awhile .
genre might be overstating it though there 'll always be games that load more of their gameplay time into the singular encounters than anything else .
if only he had the longevity of a jonathan toews he could have cracked it
call them and tell you 've decided to end your employment effective immediately .
felled/cut into usable pieces a 100 foot tall pine tree today .
but i 'll make a table or some shit out of it .
make sure you have a talking bird a dead seal and be sure to invite the drunken duncans .
you ca n't even make cookies in the microwave even .
lady says they had only been doing the vegan diet for a few months but not meaning the dog has n't had meat for that long .
that was just when they began swapping for more vegetables .
also she states it was only temporary diet change ... hopefully that 's true
like it or not abortion rates are higher in countries where it is illegal and dangerous https www.nbcnews.com/health/health-care/abortion-rates-go-down-when-countries-make-it-legal-report-n858476 .
illegal unsafe abortions kill thousands of women and they 're going to seek the procedure whether or not it 's legal because pregnancy is n't just an inconvenience .
it kills roughly 830 women every single day http www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/maternal-mortality .
even if it did n't we have a right to our bodies and
women should not be responsible for the drastic consequences and claiming so is like telling someone stranded at sea that it 's their own fault because they chose to go for a boat ride .
it requires that the woman go through the psychologically and physically brutal ordeal of giving birth—which is all to often far too expensive for women living in poverty—then for her to locate a foster care service and give them her baby where it will grow up in more than unstable circumstances have a look at the abuse statistics in the foster care system https youthtoday.org/2017/09/abuse-in-foster-care-research-vs-the-child-welfare-systems-alternative-facts .
i doubt anyone is pro-abortion. it 's an oft-traumatic choice and it is done with great reason .
do you truly value the unborn life over the life of the woman who already lives and loves and is conscious ?
i was excited for the eos r until i realized it would spread r d resources thinner ... ..
communists are not the reason we have weekends off of work .
people fighting for sensible labor rights are not communists .
in fact i 'd bet most of the people who fought for workers rights would detest communists .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 2 submissions must be appropriate for this subreddit .
moderators may use their discretion to determine whether a post is trashy or not .
for a full list of our rules please review the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/trashy/about/sidebar .
if you have any questions or concerns feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftrashy including all relevant information and links .
dang she a freak she rides him around a lot .
your illness makes you less abled but not less human .
you may fail at some things but that does n't make you a failure .
think it 's only fair with my username that i have the darth vader flair !
i hope it helps to share with you that i 've been doing this for 60 of my 70 years .
i do all the things you list and sometimes everything goes ok and sometimes it does n't .
i 've had deeply suicidal moments but always pulled back because i do n't want to add any more pain to my life .
i hope it 's fair to say that we are both living with pain the pain that we want to end through suicide .
but death is painful suicide is painful no matter how you do it .
and at least in my case it 's not the preferred outcome .
i do n't want to end the pain by incurring more pain .
i want to get back to those times where there is a bit of joy and pleasure in life .
that 's the preferred outcome at least for me .
60 years is a long time to be depressed right ?
but i can share how i feel and what i do .
how i feel is i want to get rid of the pain .
what i do i am mindful that there have always been times when after the misery was basically unbearable that i nevertheless improved and surfaced back into a life with tolerably good positive moments .
i trudge on i try to hook up with friends always difficult for a severe introvert like me i try to get out of the house and be part of a world that 's more active and interesting than the black sea that 's inside my head .
it takes time but i 'm happy when things do improve .
i 'm not trying to turn you into a pessimist when i say that i doubt that i 'll ever get off this miserable roller coaster .
but it 's what i 've got and i try to keep it in sufficiently working order to get back up out of the troughs .
i hope you have the confidence and courage to hang on .
maybe the best descriptor of your situation is n't a roller coaster maybe it 's something else .
but it seems like you 're having the same struggles between high and low positive and negative bright and dark that i am .
that you experience both sides is a very positive thing and what i 'm suggesting i think !
is that when you are feeling suicidal you also have that will to live inside you .
it sucks to have to have both i know but that 's who we are at this point in our lives .
and a glass half full is better than an empty one .
i try to make peace with my half-full glass and recognize that there will be plenty of times when i can fully enjoy the part that 's half full .
long and rambling i know still i hope this helps .
you still have a lot of life to live with that hair .
there were themed notifications before miui 9.5 but in 9.5 they introduced native android notifications which is good because they can be expanded quick reply etc .
but they are always white the color ca n't be customized without root unlike the old miui notifications .
i 'm getting tired of the beauty box game .
the entire time i was subbed to boxy i never liked more than 2 products in the box ever .
maybe i should have prefaced this with the fact that i will admit to being a brand snob .
i would never use a brand like purlisse or crown .
i ironically hate beauty guru culture and straight up throw out anything that comes from an influencer .
i was disgusted by their lack of professionalism that only continued to get worse as the months went by including the way they handled the release of the luxe box .
i tried to cancel my allure membership because the august box was also hot flaming garbage but the spoilers for the holiday season had me take the bait on the deal they throw at you before you quit .
more than likely i 'll pull the cord when that 4 month deal ends .
literally 2 months and i cancelled immediately after i received my first box but not in time to not receive the next months box .
both boxes were god awful i gave away every single sample .
at the same time i subbed my bf for birchbox man hoping our packages would come in the mail at the same time and we could unbox together .
his first box came weeks after my first 2 and by then i had already cancelled our entire subscription without even letting my bf box arrive .
it did arrive and i honestly do n't know if he ever used anything more than the bar of soap it came with .
i 'm kind of disillusioned as i have n't been very impressed with an entire box .
i 've liked one or 2 items in each box but it 's never a home run .
i 'm starting to think i 'm not the right customer for beauty boxes .
i will throw in i subscribe to meow box every other month for my cat and she loves everything in the box !
i was told by someone who worked with addidas that islanders and two other teams turn down anything different and new because our fans react negatively to everything so they go simple .
it explains the black simple third this third and the stadium series .
am i the only one that instantly thought of deadpool 2 ?
i made mine a few months before the one you see in the app .
in march 2017 topps released the 2 year anniversary inserts set – classic 2015 set designs but using characters from rogue one http www.toppsapps.com/swcardtrader/article/58c1e9987b941e32ff7975f0 http www.toppsapps.com/swcardtrader/article/58c1e9987b941e32ff7975f0
i liked the idea but thought the actual cards were pretty rubbish so i made my own ones including the elite soldiers death trooper .
but then 5 months later they released a whole second series of elite soliders including the death troopers http www.toppsapps.com/swcardtrader/article/599490a610903ce911284d3b http www.toppsapps.com/swcardtrader/article/599490a610903ce911284d3b
that means that road is owned by the federal government .
impeading traffic on that road is a federal offense .
why give the feds a reason to screw with you ?
so you guys want to complain but do not want to answer these very easy trouble shooting questions
looking at a marantz cr-611 project phono usb turntable and monitor audio bronze 1 's .
is this a good set up for a small room ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
wake up in a panic like did i fuck up my streak ? ! ? !
it is unique because it is almost a mournful tune the lyrics are very powerful
this game is supposed to be a grind game but it is now a trade game
i 'm glad you liked the recommendations and gugudan too !
fun fact i was spamming the first arena quest to get the achievement .
i believe she went on to suicide girl fame as lusia
they just pretend to be because acting retarded gets more votes from the retards .
do you have any clues on what could it be turf wars or silver lining ?
song is a perfect mountain by don gibson '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=n5vvrw4aipc if anyone wanted to know
i 'm only talking about both of their first supers .
factoring in cooler additional is a bit off since that could be 300k 900k .
and in outer income and expenditure monthly on an online form .
i used to get the odd question from them about exspensive which was reassuring .
the real kick in the balls is getting your corporation tax bill at the end of the year .
i used to pay from a one man band setup more tax than facebook .
your post has been automatically removed because it appears to be asking if some aspect of someone else 's or your own sexuality or body is normal or not .
we get a lot of questions here that are about really basic stuff that ought to be taught in but that unfortunately is n't .
it 's more meaningful to ask questions like is this safe ?
there are a lot of great resources for this including scarleteen http www.scarleteen.com and go ask alice http www.goaskalice.columbia.edu .
you may also find relevant information with a search of r/sex or in our faq http www.reddit.com/r/sex/wiki/index .
if you feel like your question is more complicated or will be a topic for thoughtful discussion please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsex so that we can restore your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
had a couple walls around me went to face the open side and as soon as i fired the guided missile i magically did a 180 and nearly killed myself .
i mean i can normally do that shit on my own .
he did help invent it as a horseshit industry .
much like somebody did invent snake oil at some point .
i know the shock hoops and leaf springs are tg .
i had an ex that would go to them with friends .
i went to one with naked women and was bored .
she went to the ones with mostly nude dudes with socks on their dongs .
she went with friends as a ladies night out probably 3-4 times .
my wife would be free to do it too if she chose .
those nifty through the door ice and water dispensers ?
yeah be careful the ice dispenser will break eventually .
some models have no way to replace the mechanism that delivers the ice so you have to buy a new door .
the water dispenser will grow mold where you ca n't see it .
hi i 'm a logo and brand identity designer .
currently i 'm available and ready for a new project .
i 've actually inadvertently camped next to those people the last three years and while the noise may not be great they are some great people who have helped take in a lot of under prepared virgins and others .
we used ear plugs if it ever got too loud .
side note they always camp in that neighborhood so if it bothered you a lot camp in a different block .
right out of college i worked at a company in chicago making b2b calls .
we had to dial at least 300 numbers a day and on day 3 they took my chair and said chairs are for closers so for the rest of day 3 i had to work standing in a non standing desk so hunched over to type .
day 4 same thing and day 5 i just packed up and left at about 11 .
they called and left me an angry message saying how unprofessional it was of me to just walk out like that .
they did not want to pay me for the week either but i did finally get a check for 300 bucks ...
i work pretty close to this industry and i 'm a woman and wanted to clear up some misconceptions about this post .
the iconic dora milaje costumes were designed by the concept artist anthony fransisco you can read about it here https marvelstudiosnews.com/2018/03/08/marvel-studios-concept-artist-anthony-francisco-designing-dora-milaje-black-panther and here https www.nbcnews.com/news/asian-america/design-costumes-black-panther-artist-drew-his-filipino-upbringing-n852856 .
ruth e. carter is the costume designer who was responsible for directing the look of the actual physical costumes that the actors wore but did n't design them .
the current marvel movies have generally non revealing and realistic costumes for women so there 's the general feel that needs to be maintained in the movie when considering costume design and super revealing costumes would n't make it through revisions .
so there is n't really one single person at this point who is responsible for it rather it 's the combined work of many people .
edit i wanted to add that i think it 's really important to have more and more women in the industry writing directing and on the design teams and i see more and more all the time yay .
because the more women there are the better and more accurate representations of women in media we 're going to see !
i just wanted to clear up this post that popped up on my feed because these costumes were n't actually designed by a women though other costumes in the movie were .
edit2 in the movie/video game industry there is n't one single person responsible for a design and the same goes for that comic panel .
the design goes through many revisions approvals and people before it becomes what you see in the movie .
you can see francisco 's concept artwork in the links above that he did for the costume which is pretty unique from the other concept artwork done for the dora milaje and the costumes as they appear in the movie were brought to life by ruth e. carter who made adjustments and changes to make them more believable real life clothing .
it 's a process that involves many people so while francisco is the one who designed the costumes carter is the one who made them a reality .
titles in the industry vrs what people actually do can be really misleading .
carter oversaw all the design of the physical costumes but they are first based off concept art and the concept art is based off ideas and art direction .
i have problems with everyone on the internet claiming video games do n't desensitize people to violence because it makes them feel better .
however games with extreme violence like gta do have a harsher esrb rating and if younger kids are buying and playing games like that that 's a problem with parenting more than the industry .
that may be a cop out answer for some but i feel like a game like gta would be dangerous to a developing mind and the esrb is a very simple if in other cases untrustworthy way of ensuring that reasonable people do n't sell it to children .
instead of the album seeming like he was taking shots at other rappers it came across as him just being defensive because people did n't like revival .
the receiver and action are slightly different on a 42 but they use the same take-down mechanism .
so what i 'm hearing here is 7 wilhelm is nice but if i have another in the wings already like my 4 m.ramzas then i 'm better off waiting for hyou .
talk bout movies any upcoming concerts or pretty much anything .
reddit likes to mangle code formatting so here 's some help on how to post code on reddit ...
that 's the upper left key on an en-us keyboard layout .
it 's the 4th 5th from the left looks like .
this does not line wrap does not side-scroll on old.reddit.com !
1 simplest post it to a text site like pastebin.com or gist.github.com and then post the link here .
please remember to set the file/code type on pastebin !
grin otherwise you do n't get the nice code colorization .
it 's the 11th 12th one is just to the left of the ... more menu .
copy the code to the ise or your fave editor
re-select the code not really needed but it 's my habit
i think it really works to keep me matte when i do n't wear any foundation but when i do wear foundation i think it does n't do much .
everyone makes mistakes and the purpose of mistakes is to learn from them and get better .
for instance successfull businessmen often have like 10 failed companies behind them before the 11th one succeeded .
sometimes hearing the truth is difficult especially if they see themselves doing some of the things described above .
my boss at my old place used to be in on it and he was one of the instigators of the ticketing system .
the amount of times i used the line let me have your call reference and i 'll see what i can do to escalate it on the system '' knowing full well they did n't have one was legend .
this is what i imagine it 's like to sleep with 3 attractive women at the same time .
police officers are combatants if they are incorporated into the armed forces .
civilians including police officers not incorporated into the armed forces who unlawfully take a direct part in hostilities lose their protection
everyone else who is not a combatant is a civilian benefiting from the protection provided for by the law on the conduct of hostilities . ''
was n't he going to tryout for the nfl ?
i vaguely recall something about him being invited to the minnesota vikings .
i 'd probably go crabtree and agholor if jeffrey sits out and garcon if jeffrey plays .
fuller and gordon are in offenses with lots of mouths or a big mouth in fuller 's case to feed so it would be safer not to play them week 1 and see how the targets are going to be divided in those offenses .
a lot of people have told me to stay away from the declaration due to the hi-ten steel frame .
so many different opinions yet i dont know what to buy haha
it 's even more mind boggling after you have a baby .
i am truly surprised i did n't go bald .
reminds me of this awesome video welcome to union glacier .
i love concerts/music festivals bonnaroo is the greatest place on earth but i know my place is in the back of the crowd .
i have more fun back there because i can dance without bumping into people and i can actually breathe .
the only times i 've been even slightly close lcd soundsystem and sylvan esso i waited for hours to get my spot and that 's where i apologized and people understood .
i hate being a burden so if there 's a shorter person behind me i 'll offer to switch spots with me .
i know this is awful but he kinda looks like that violent alien butler from doctor who .
well the western world is very good on not polluting that much compared to india and china who really need to amp their environmental game and slowdown their reproduction rates which is happening naturally anyway
considering his absolute failure at everything he has tried it would be the dems running another terrible candidate like hillary to lose .
do n't rule out the repubs running someone against him also .
only the very ignorant and clueless would ever vote for him again and mueller is far from done .
giroud is the closest we have to a modern striker
giroud is the closest we have to an old-school striker i.e .
hold up play bully defenders headers in the box defending corners .
sarri 's style to start the game is with intricate passing of which giroud is capable but morata is arguably better .
pass the ball to his feet he can control and distribute .
there 's a reason why giroud is still regarded by sarri at the moment as the impact sub .
i think morata 's level would have to drop considerably for sarri to think about starting giroud .
but at the moment we 've played against two teams that give a lot of space and two teams that do n't and morata has n't done too much wrong or right to lose his place or affirm his starting position .
it 's all fine and dandy right now with the current system .
pass the shit out of the opponents and when they 're tired bring on giroud and a winger to mess around with them .
then shore up the midfield with the final substitution barkley/rlc .
unless he whispered in her ear i 'm 67 years old just 1 year shy to her 66 years i do n't see how she came to that conclusion
was modric as good as salah throughout the league in spain ?
i think modric will likely win it but i would n't be surprised if salah won it .
absolutely astronomical season in the premier league and broke records scoring from the wing basically .
i would say modric shades it but i would love for salah to win it-for him for liverpool and for the meltdown that would be so much fun to watch .
but re4 is probably the most important game when it comes to 3rd person shooters .
re4 is a piece of history in gaming also the game is just fantastic .
i 'd still take a switch port of the game .
i said it just after finish the e3 trailer cyberpunk team definitely were inspired by this movie to make the 2077 aesthetic and some gameplays features like the shootings in vehicle .
maybe just maybe ... many people here lean in a direction you do n't approve .
by all rights a subreddit that the president supports should be non-partisan or at least not pure propaganda .
they have a direct policy to delete any and all posts that do n't grovel at his feet .
your post here stands so clearly that is not the policy here .
if you want a safe space perhaps this is n't the subreddit for you but i do recommend you stick around .
perhaps you will see something one day in a person 's post that just might make sense and alter your view of things .
well fuck i did n't think you would actually see that or that i would actually write this but enjoy .
the sunday episode recap has matt hoffman as a guest as well as mary from the live feeds updates .
when asked about if he 's keeping up with the season matt mentions he has watched the episodes and kept up with summer of stein hype through reddit updates .
he mentions the paulie calafiore thing '' specifically and mentions that rob has been edgier this season .
rob and taran talk about haleigh 's edit and how it has n't been accurate to the feeds and ask matt his take on it .
matt says he zones out with haleigh talks says she 's bland and boring as shit '' .
when asked who he likes matt says jc because of his scandals and mind games .
matt also likes brett and mentions tyler 's golden aura .
the battle back is talked about and no one particularly likes battle backs .
rob asks matt if he is still mad about rachel writing his name with the pretzels when she came back matt says he thinks of it every day .
i do n't eat pretzels and i threw away my hair extensions '' .
there is talk about sam 's hair make overs and matt says his hair is currently dan gheesling like and everyone agrees .
matt then tells a story about how he was mistaken for dan in a parking lot and when he said he was actually the guy who lied about having a sick wife on the season after dan the person said they did n't watch that season .
taran rob and mary all enjoy the story and rob says that they probably lied and said they did n't see it because they did n't like him .
matt mentions that he also sold the fan a candle unfortunately no follow up question on the candle .
everyone talks about jc and mary says jc does n't like anyone close to tyler .
matt mentions as a disclaimer that he does n't pay for the feeds and instead reads the updates on reddit and asks what jc 's edit vs the real jc has been like .
everyone agrees jc 's edit is n't as crazy as haleigh 's .
mary mentions tyler is on to jc and his cock blocking ways .
then rob does a terrible but hilarious tyler impression where he is annoyed with jc about the cock blocking .
matt brings up well he 's licking his armpits too '' and that he gets why tyler would n't want him around .
rob asks if mary will write an avengers style big brother fan fiction she says she will if rob will read it on a podcast which he agrees too .
matt suggests paying paulie calafoire through book cameo to read the paulie calafiore fan fiction .
taran reminds everyone that paulie 's bank account would be the one laughing .
matt asks do we know if bayleigh is pregnant or no ? ''
taran laughs to the point of letting out a screeching noise before saying that they do n't know for sure .
a little later matt asks if everyone else has seen the photo of angela as the sexy loofa halloween costume .
rob is pretty sure the halloween stores and big brother cast from the same modelling websites .
the oompa loompa/jc parallel where jc is trying to make everyone fat is brought up .
matt did n't know if this had been covered .
rob mentions that oompa loompas murder children and that we really should n't compare the two .
there is talk about the jury pact and how someone terrible could win the game because of it .
matt wants a controversial houseguest like jc to win to see how production deals with it .
this is compared to if gina marie had won instead of andy after all of her racist shit .
at one point matt refers to jc as a spicy little doctor will ''
matt asks about swaggy c. he thought they would have the inside scoop and thinks from his twitter that swaggy is out of his mind .
matt does not want twitter beef with swaggy so leave him alone .
rob related getting on the website book cameo '' to jacob choosing people on lost .
it is revealed that kaycee won the power of veto .
they talk about her nice moment with jc about coming out .
matt mentions that on the plus side during that conversation jc did n't use the n-word once .
while rob is announcing upcoming podcasts matt suggests that rob reacts to jozea and gina marie 's music videos during his new podcast .
and finally in the last few minutes of podcast announcements and goodbyes matt also gets in that rob should interview swaggy c to ask if bayleigh is having a baby and that he thinks that taran is the real vegas for sure .
agreed i clicked on this thread to respond with that answer .
maybe the game gives you a better feeling ? ! ! ! !
people generally visit beaches and eat ice cream more in the summer .
u/nothing-casual made a similar idea a few hours before this one .
i do not believe you can pick a worse article to base your opinion on .
like really there is a lot of garbage out there but this one is swimming in raw sewage .
so just ... do n't use such strong words like useless '' without at least looking at other articles you can find about them yeah ?
he thinks brexit can be stopped and everyone will return to life like the referendum never happened .
um yeah not gon na happen independence is soon here
ok but now when i join a server that is supposed to have already 60 people playing it 's like almost empty and we just wait for people to join to be able to play.. problem is everybody leaves so we never reach the required number of players to start a game yay
when my mother wiped my nose with the shirt of her sleeve ... zach braff garden estate
christ they really are liberal with their acronyms and initialisms are n't they ?
i mean separating the old and young daughter i can sort of get behind but dear husband ? ?
is it intentionally so it 's hard for passers by to understand and therefore keep the sub exclusive ?
first thing i said when i saw this was he 's not a lady and he 's not walking backwards . ''
its very clear that ledgers marketing team try to avoid answering this question .
you can read all the marketing bla-bla on their website and search the faq but will not find the answer .
if ledger would follow a customer friendly philosophy they would put it in the description of the product where it belongs .
you can install a lot of bitcoin clone apps because they share the same library but in combination with other coins you are limited to 3-4 apps .
not sure but i think google maps allows you to leave reviews about companies .
i 'm mentioning this one because i think you ca n't remove them as company owner .
facebook ofcourse does allows the page/company owner to remove comments at will .
one of my best friends at school started taking drugs while we all went to university he always dabbled in weed but he turned to harder substances .
it was a complete waste he was a truly gifted individual genuinely obscenely intelligent .
i was so envious of his abilities and he was squandering it .
anyho we all graduated university got jobs and he realised that he was wasting his life .
and one day he just stopped taking drugs applied to university .
fast tracked his undergraduate completed his masters simultaneously to his final year and he 's just finished his phd in theoretical physics .
he is considered one of the up and coming big names in his field and has the respect of peers around the world .
on top of all this he 's gotten into mma and is a decent boulderer he is 100 unrecognisable from 7/8 years ago .
in hindsight i think he turned to drugs for stimulation .
i 'm proud of him and tell him so every time i see him .
once per turn when you fire an arrow from a shortbow or longbow as part of the attack action you can apply one of your arcane shot options to that arrow .
when you fire an arrow as part of the attack action .
you can not apply arcane shot options to any attack other than an attack action attack .
not bonus action attacks not opportunity attacks or reaction attacks nothing .
nah trueish could mean some dramatizing but the scene 's mostly true .
falseish would then mean the dramatization makes the scene mostly but not completely false .
en france on a 400 000 arrivées chaque année en proportion c'est un rapatriement de pieds noirs tous les 3 ans avec localement des départements comme la seine-saint-denis qui voit près de la moitié de sa population immigrée ou d'origine immigrée .
c'est pour ça que je parle de choc continu .
raison de plus pour militer et investir dans une meilleure intégration des immigrés afin de leur offrir un meilleur niveau de vie et mettre fin aux discriminations scolaires à l'embauche ou au logement .
pour moi on a trop cassé les français en leur répétant qu'ils étaient des racistes égoïstes .
someone doing the new lich encounter in a delve told our global chat that flares and dynamite were necessary to actually complete the fight .
have you thought about posting this to the pc '' sub ?
i 'd love to see their opinions on this shit show .
yes as a callback to the original movie in which morpheus offers neo the choice of the red or blue pill .
this is in reference with the alice in wonderland theming .
you take the red pill you stay in wonderland and i show you how deep the rabbit hole goes '' of course referring to the 60s hit by jefferson airplane white rabbit of similar association and theming with the lyrics
the alice in wonderland theming throughout the film is referring to neo having awoken and tumbled into a strange land that seems to suggest that everything he knows about his life and existence as the human race knows it is wrong .
this can also be seen from the perspective that the world as we see it today is a cover for a land of what lewis carroll referred to as his land of fancy and fun or what some have said and researched about him is his obsession with engaging in sexual activity with children within the deep recesses of society which the wealthy elite involving secret intelligence agents rebels and machine like beings victims and creators of abuse born into the system bound to specific rules and laws tying them together and scrabbling to keep everything silent and obedient to their secret power to transform the world .
the movie itself is about how most people do n't understand and would rather not understand exactly how the world works and what those in control do to keep themselves in power and the entertainment '' and secrets they keep .
but neo ca n't help but search for answers to it all like it 's calling to him .
his life is non-existent he 's struggling with work because he 's obsessed with following the trail left by the rebels until they eventually happen to find him and offer him two pills two choices to his illness of addiction
a comfortable lie or the raw and sickening truth .
the oracle has candied versions of the pill it contains no health benefits but she enjoys eating them regardless she offers one to neo but he does n't eat it he is already free of his sickness of discovery and does n't require placebos to satisfy his health he 's free .
whereas the oracle is just a renegade program and can never be free she will never be human .
there is no red pill for her to take so she does her best to get as close to free from the system she 's helped maintain but now as far as we can see is trying to destroy .
you could argue that the candy refers to many things as another popular 60s song refers to candy as sugar meaning sex .
in this instance with the already paedophillic theming it can be argued that the oracle was born inside the system child of abusers growing up to be an abuser and loves it but loves the free people unabused too so she helps neo sacrifice himself to keep them alive .
his will to resist the candy made him prime for her plan of neo returning to the source leader to speak on behalf of the rebels in exchange for peace .
he just did n't know it would cost his life and that of the woman he loved .
i could go on but there 's details everywhere in this trilogy .
the red pill analogy came from the movie because of its depth being simplified regarding societies hidden .
jerk you 're not meant to have leg hair get a razor on them ! ''
me razors are a choice and are expensive i ca n't help my leg hair i grow body hair naturally too ''
me you shave your legs if it offends you so much then ''
it was a joke i swear you used to be able to take a joke !
fuck it grow it all see if i care ! ''
me a thousand pardons that i 'm not living up to social norms set for women by society who thinks leg hair is offensive ''
just join a group instead of taking a risk like that there 's group making in the discord gaijin just post there .
that girl with silver hair is reference to black cat ?
he 's not talking about the subject of the article he 's talking about the woman in the picture of the article who is captioned as having used a midwife instead of going to the hospital for fear of being deported .
i 'd advise anyone who does n't know about kwang-bok kim to watch monte 's video .
it gives a great amount of insight to what he 's about how successful and experienced he is
the reviews of the mamba hyperflux were all very positive .
i guess the mamba wl uses the same improved wireless technology as the hyperflux .
afaik you will be able to use them for fast travel or story/cinematic sections but you wont have control over them like ground based vehicles .
this is a great move if sometime could also be done to streamline the evictions of non-paying tenants then some normality might return to the market .
this would be great and single player world saves too
but please re-upload it it 's still a pretty good one
why do you not think it 's likely for a player to carry these games as a main/off tank ?
why is it just dps that you feel is the best way ?
i have my own thoughts as to why this is likely the case but i 'd appreciate your take on it .
ps sadly i feel that i am one of the players you have described .
i do n't want to be really i do n't .
i watch videos vods and streams to learn how the game should be played but it 's all for nought .
i feel i know a lot about the game at least in terms of roles positioning etc but none of it translates to actual gameplay and more often than not the game descends into the random mishmash of 12 players all doing their own thing just as you described .
it 's frustrating but you are good enough to climb out .
for players like me we 're stuck down here .
i read like two paragraphs of this and committed to starting to watch the show again
what are the presumed key differences twixt pixel 2 and 3 ?
var lite osäker på vad jag skulle rösta i riksdagsvalet men det är tack vare såna som dig som har gjort att jag inte längre ser sd som ett dåligt alternativ .
yeah but on a large scale there are huge drawbacks
legit had to zoom in twice to make sure that it was an outline and not the actual frog .
the link shows the official dayz twitter confirming it to be true .
my advice is to take a break from substances .
i think a lot of people 's first times with psychedelics are more spiritual .
the longer you wait the more special the trip will feel .
i feel that if you want to change something you have to make that change and not rely on other things .
exercise and diet really do impact your mental health .
if you treat your body like shit you 're gon na feel like shit .
even the little things count like going for a short run will make you feel so much better .
and if you can see a professional so you can talk about your depression and they can help you i 'm currently going through a similar situation right now .
i wanted to trip to fix myself somehow and although tripping has made me realize so much i feel that helping this way with depression is better .
just my opinion but i ca n't wait to trip when i 'm in such a good headspace where my depression and anxiety are not a big part of my life .
it will be so much more beautiful and special than my other trips .
so there are my thoughts and what i 've been doing that may be the right or wrong thing for you i do n't know .
i just relate and hope the best for you !
i was feeling some kind of stuck doing the same shit all games and sometimes it went well sometimes not .
i think i can go one step forward and improve my gameplay with these tips .
people will literally buy something they hate and then destroy it to make a point like dumb ass you 're still supporting the company by doing that .
then i would sincerely and respectfully advice you to see both the good and the bad he has contributed here .
this is the reason why i became neutral to politics because it just gets so messy and crowded when people bring up issues such as this .
i give then the standard array and a few points to spend on attributes or trade for other things magic items maybe a feat etc .
meanwhile group 4 's project is just macaroni art that was returned with an f and a note to see the professor after class
that 's why i stopped playing control aggro all the way .
finally good stuff i can spend my gold on .
i cant wait to get my hands on that aura for my crux swap and that extra juicy 2 emblem slot weapon avatar for more int baby .
look in russian like in spanish word 'you ' has formal and informal forms and you used both of them .
i 'll be watching dwts for the first time in years if joe is on it .
yes you can you have to make your account primary .
i 'm sighing as i write this but for a substantial portion of the people who voted for trump this is exactly what they were hoping for .
here 's one anonymous person saying that you 're a special and valuable person .
why ca n't they get out of their end zone then ?
i just see a lot of people who have justified it so i wrongfully made assumptions about you carry on stranger
yeah my first taste to the lexus brand was back in 02 with my is300 black onyx on black 5 speed later single turbo .
the is has come a long way since then .
he probably has a standing offer from the wwe to come back and make a boat load of money .
did they go out with them that night in the show ?
i think the problem here is that the multiplayer is so bare-bones there 's nothing built into the game to encourage competitive play .
iirc they were originally going to do a whole solaris vii themed multiplayer with ladders and ranked matches and all sorts of neat stuff but had to scale it all back to basic skirmish matches .
if you watch that broadcast jones basically called them a really tough team when talking about bama then called them a cupcake on uw schedule seconds later .
ah here we get to the part where you try to straw man me and discredit me .
no i do n't think that socialism is when the government does things and the more things it does the socialismer it is . ''
i never said that nor does it make much sense .
think that socialism is a good way to oil the gears of a free market capitalist society .
you have to have a safety net for the poor and sick and you should be sure that people have as much of a chance of getting ahead on their own merits as possible .
socialism does a good job of this to an extent .
you 're describing communism and i 've already explained why that is a bad idea if it is n't evident to people already .
a lot of math questions become a lot easier if you just turn the question inside out .
if jack can paint a house in 5 hours and jill can paint a house in 3 hours how long does it take them to paint the house together ?
likewise the chance of getting two dice out of a set that roll the same number is a hard-sounding question .
but the chance that all of your dice roll different numbers is very easy to answer .
we need a way to kill this gilded age garbage once and for all .
an amendment or something that keeps corporate interests from monopolizing government .
and took it away from congress in 1970 putting money firmly into politics .
just got it like this from a mate he had no issues apparently .
but he also didnt know much about computers so it could have always been like this or like this for a while .
either this or the bonuses will appear as free items for you in the store .
trolls or boss baby for a good solid 6 months .
whoever does the screens and lighting just totally fucked up finns entrance
i dint really want these wheels anymore so it depends on the adds
can we hear the glass shatter in the lead up to ssd ?
won because they scored more but gave up over 20 points and over 200 rush yards .
i have drove many cars before 25 years of driving experience just never bought one
and now i feel like doom is all but guaranteed
enaid begrudgingly agreed and gave the berbers a tour of dromyn .
the town and isle for that matter were small yet bustling .
local fishing boats constantly entered and left port while larger ships sat in harbor gathering supplies and other goods for trade and travel .
after the town he took the berbers to the vineyards beyond the town where they were given samples of the wine before returning to the governor 's office .
now what are your true intents here for we know better than to trust your stated intent .
yep we got ta get a new class of linemen in here before we can judge .
if i 'm not mistaken threadripper has higher latency than ryzen due to having to communicate between separate cpu dies so it should actually be a bit worse than even first gen ryzen for gaming .
unless you 're sure you need threadripper and use the very specific software that 's actually capable of putting all those cores to use i 'd just go for the 2700x .
i made an order on aug 25 with traceable shipping .
canada post says it has passed customs yesterday and should be here tmmr or the day after .
make it so when it dies everyone in the room dies so that woox will never be able to defeat himself without dying .
it 's not that it 's because he says they 're gon na split it and then puts down less than 50
guys should n't be paying the whole bill these days but you need to be able to pay your half .
kept my regular sensitivity but lowered my ads sensitivity .
i 've been waiting for crowfall to be in a more permanent state and really like it for this reason .
you do realize that 'satanism ' is larger than the cos right ?
got ta prey on those women who join office leagues without knowing anything .
i did say that to my roommate and he told me to assume i 'm playing all of their brothers/boyfriends/husbands and not them ... which makes sense .
still i feel like i 'm in the hunt for the pot .
it 's nice to see a man in the church who is able to clearly see the double standards and who talks about it .
outside of tech 's opening drive and the blocked punt td this game has been a 3-3 defensive struggle .
it 's been a long time since i read up on it but i 'm pretty sure newer versions swap it out but the older ones actually killed it .
they are a very large computer and electronics store .
i saw a comment the other day in an old ama thread where the guy got 167 golds .
this can be solved by running a pid tune but nozzles leak filament when hot it 's just the nature of the beast
do n't use this subreddit to promote your own youtube channel .
actually do n't use reddit at all for self-promotion .
to clarify a lot of our sex ed courses were done through religious education groups that the school brought in .
while the school itself was n't uber conservative they were happy to leave our education to groups that were .
it 's not too long it fits in a pocket pretty well
they would frown on her moving so far away .
and as someone who sets child support orders every day for a living ... ... you 'd be screwed .
jesus just say i watched him before he was popular ''
joe and trigg are great but the best commentary in your 14 shows involved herring during the bennett/kimura/candylei fight/drama .
also has rizin ever considered a live band for weigh-ins like ksw ?
i had a nightmare about scarabs as an adult and i had n't even watched the movie recently .
i even remember saying to the other people in my dream as we come across this incongruous pile of gold coins have n't you people watched movies ? ! ''
noooooo and i woke myself up trying to claw one out of my chest .
what is this witchcraft you speak of ? ! ? ! ?
oh i wonder if they will interfere in the main event ?
soon to be college grad here and yes depending on your major international students are typically very wealthy and drive very expensive cars .
for reference i 'm just chilling in a 100 level class as i need 3 credits to graduate and this class is required for the the most popular major at my university which just so happens to attract international students .
they literally go all out and give no fucks .
typically they 're really nice though and ca n't really distinguish a rep from real unless it 's a really bad rep. have fun with your college years man time will go by fast .
no shit marxism leninism is a specific synthesis of marxism ... opposition to marxists in general .
i think marx 's work has a lot of important insights .
i even think some of lenin 's is important although i ultimately disagree with much of what he came to do .
nigel harris gives a better review of mlism than i could
stalinism is essentially deducible from practice and stalin 's exiguous theoretical output is no longer any sort of guide to understanding that practice but is rather a rationale provided after the event to justify it—theory is not the guide to practice but its description after it has happened .
the change is implicit in the fact that practice has become a tyranny of immense brutality and irrationality that needs to be concealed by not theory but ideology .
we can no longer see itss direct connection with the acts of the soviet state and we are constantly if dimly aware of a background echo of real but unspoken purposes .
discussion within stalinism as befits a false consciousness retreats into ritual text-quoting semantic quibbles and terminological disputes .
it is in essence idealist it begins not with social reality the facts of experience but with ideas the text the axiom facts institutions people must be brought into conformity with the idea . ''
they should just make spay and neutering mandatory and not allow them outside .
here 's my attempt on a battle damage shield .
this was super fun and i got some great guidance and advice from a fellow redditor !
they told me to post it here to get some cc and some more ideas on some more awesome stuff !
i ca n't remember how the trash can played into magic man 's wish or find any answers on google .
yeah i used to smoke cigarettes since i was 14 .
i 'll probably still always be at risk for cancer .
i could never go back to smoking the way i did .
i think about having one of my cigarettes of choice on a rare occasion only because it 'll taste like the first time .
but i do n't i just vape and try to keep it cheap as possible .
so you just got the news that your husband is 'out of jail ' .
should n't there have been some kind of reaction ?
i like that i do n't want this to turn into another build a giant vault game and fill it with stuff .
monero has plenty of legal and illegal use cases .
i 'm in the midwest flannel has been in style for years .
preloading for us should be available in 9 hours uk
i mean they disappeared a girl because she threw ink at a picture of the great leader .
in actuality she dared xi to catch her what do you think would happen ?
maybe you should actually read what you reply to he has 300 left after running out .
no need to comment on the perils of this we 're very familiar with the seller as well as the airplane in question
if you buy a project plane and it comes together on time and on budget you 'll be the first person in history .
you absolutely have to budget for extras throughout the repairs and the inevitable well i guess we 'll fix while we 've got the apart '' .
finally just because you 're familiar with the plane and and it 's owner does n't mean that your first annual wo n't be a whopper .
your submission has been automatically removed for the following reason s
your submission does not appear to contain a link to youtube .
links to any site other than youtube are prohibited .
if you believe your submission has been removed in error message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdeepintoyoutube as replies to this comment or pm 's to u/deepmodbot will not be read by the moderators .
the higher the price of coinhours the more bandwidth they will be able to purchase per unit .
the market will decide the prices anyway keep reading .
supporting the network means you provide bandwidth and the people who want to consume your bandwidth will pay you .
a coin hour is not what cost connection per hour just what a skycoin produces per hour .
prices of data even remote storage will all be interconnected in the ecosystem .
the less nodes around you but more demand the higher your earnings and vice-versa .
lost of developments in regards of antennas and many other possibilities for the future .
together with 5. if you have questions please go and ask in the many telegrams for skywire for cx language for the wallets and other apps and the official one though this last one is too flooded with memes
from the screenshot it looks like op is updating destiny 2 not xbox .
i rarely comment but this post was too cute ❤ .
the other was a peaceful protester exercising his first amendment right to free speech .
you can call it disrespecting the flag '' all you want but it 's less disrespectful than swearing an oath to uphold a public office and then failing because eww gay people my religion says no . ''
she 's a piece of shit and deserved that contempt charge .
this guy is a fucking football player who regularly spends his time trying to help impoverished communities .
he 's done more good for america than she has .
4☆ types are the ones you want to focus your energy on leveling because later on the others are n't useful for much but dispatch missions .
if you get more than one of the exact same character its called a bond and it 's for limit breaking ie high levelling .
for pve you 'll probably want 3 attack types or 2 with 1 balance type .
4th slot is usually good for a healer or balance healer .
tiona is a good starter character ... tione is possibly one of the stongest characters ever but she 's a bit complicated to get the most out of .
this prick happens to be the menteri besar of johor and last time i checked malaysia is a federation with johor as a constituent state .
subbed with our alternate channel bean here 's our channel
nbsp 7. mbld attempt 8 cubes seems like i 'm getting to my current limit
one dnf had 2 twisted corners memo was right either wrong setup move or memo recall fail .
on the other one last one i memoed completely with letter pairs i did several mistakes including forgetting the last 2 edge pairs .
check his combat skills and his social skills also .
you see for new purchases ynab pulls the money from your budgeted categories if you budget 100 to groceries and then spend 75 on groceries using your credit card that 75 'moves ' from your groceries category up to you credit card payment column as its new job is to wait there available to eventually make your credit card payment .
for your initial balance those purchases were made pre-ynab so ynab ca n't pull that money from any category .
you have to account for any money that leaves your budget within your budget .
when you spend money from your categories you 've accounted for that spending by budgeting to your categories .
it 's the same with your credit card payment when you send money out of your budget by making that payment you need to account for that money and if you do n't have the amount of the payment you want to make in your payment column then you need to put it there by budgeting directly to your credit card 's 'budgeted ' column .
toothpaste is mildly abrasive but the brush does most of the heavy lifting when it comes to breaking up the bacteria and plaque in your mouth
i recently got prescribed zoloft and it had made a huge difference almost completely curing me of the nausea .
i still have diarrhea a lot but that 's always been the case .
comcast increases speeds when you open their test page .
often deleted collections get sold or transferred to a new debt collector who might then start reporting the debt .
remember if the collection is in some way innacurate they have to correct or delete it but if not a new debt collector can get their hands on the debt and start reporting it .
how is that supposed to be funny to those of us who do n't know you though ?
how the hell did he make 'bob ' like 5 characters ?
our girls are also 13 months but takes one long nap that usually lasts about 2 hours sometimes 3 .
they go to bed between 7:30 and 8 and will usually sleep till between 8 and 9 .
i gave up on the second nap about two months ago when it turned into an hour if crying and ten minutes of sleep .
their schedule seems to work pretty well for them .
wqs reward gear that is always worse than what you can get from a m0 .
there is no number or difficulty of wqs that will provide a substantial reward now that we 're unlocking the first raid tier .
it is a meaningless and baseless argument to be making .
the primary reason for doing wqs now is rep which provides 350 gear and ugly/reused mounts .
what ion said was lies because their goal is to slow down progression and increase subscriber retention not balance competing methods of progression
the aim assist really stands out at medium to long range .
close range hipfiring there 's a huge lack of aim assist .
most engagements especially in pro games wo n't really give aim assist a chance to make a deciding difference in a fight because people are never exposed for very long at those ranges .
maybe i am wrong in thinking this but if you have a big basket of fruit and there are 10 watermelons and 100 grapes the basket would consist of mostly watermelon .
there is more watermelon in the basket than grape but there are more grapes in the basket than watermelons .
when it comes to our body i prefer to think in the first way than the 2nd .
should the jets be aggressive and make a trade for an edge rusher before the season starts ?
have you any idea how long it takes to go through one person 's social media history ?
i do n't know myself but i 'm guessing two days of work per person ?
labour would need to hire several thousand full time staff to keep up with new memberships which is insane .
does the government even do that for security clearance applications ?
our finance team was a part time accountant that came in on m w and f afternoons .
they were working on a forking pokémon ip and they did n't realise they needed staff ?
i knew it was bigger than they ever thought it would be but it 's still pokémon it 's not going to go unnoticed !
i know people that have 2 or 3 of these phones in addition to their smart phone .
it 's as if he has to express every single thought he has in a post .
komaru toko knew there were notes you found in the city alluding to the fact that the populace knew .
'there 's only one thing i could tell for sure after taking the night shift as lookout .
is n't it possible that they 're just mechanical dolls like monokumas ?
whether they 're humans or robots they 're devils in our eyes .
the only difference is what liquid they bleed when we run them over '
'i sent my son off to school this morning and he came home this afternoon wearing some kind of helmet i could n't figure out .
when i asked him about it a monokuma showed up of nowhere and attacked me .
i dodged the attack by a hair picked up my son and brought him here to hide .
the children throughout the town are all wearing them and they 're killing the adults with monokumas .
it 's as if my son changed into a completely different person .
i can tell he 's planning to kill me .
there 's no way he would kill his own mother '
there 's more too but the fact is they knew the children were n't actually thinking how they should .
in haiji 's case he just did n't give a shit either way .
it 's much higher risk than btc eth ltc xmr etc and arguably less room for growth too .
posts are quickly becoming the new is this pop fake/target is teh devil lolz '' posts .
they ca n't afford to live there now anyway .
they moved to kent which is now a delightful town to live in .
would you say that it was eventually worth it ?
unfortunately it 's a pretty damn poor rep to be honest .
the hands are n't the same date is n't the same font is n't the same .
and when things went wrong like hong kong or singapore blame the colonials .
despite the fact at hong kong the canadians were the last to surrender and at singapore the brits blamed the australians yet the australians made up a small percentage about 5 if i remember correctly .
the australians are badasses but no one is so badass that such a small group could turn the whole tide of singapore .
tbh i threw a controller onto my bed when i had a 360 and it bounced off and into the wall .
he 's consensus top 3 pick with one of the other guys not at practice yet .
stop overthinking it no one knows whose gon na break there wrist in week 1 .
the weirdest thing about her is maybe the yaoi but since she did n't actually talk to any of these pairings/couples what 's the harm ?
you say yourself that this girl only shared her interests with her closest friends so you at least pretended to be her friend enough that she opened up to you .
the way i see it you find this girl ugly and weird and beneath you and that somehow gives you the right to despise her .
i was shocked by the meanness of what you wrote yesterday and this is n't better .
i know that this sub is r/weeabotales but you could replace all elements of your story here with an obsession with furries or my little pony and there would be no change to it .
her weebness in no way influences your story of which there is none besides that this girl exists and that she manipulated '' you into watching anime .
why does hating this poor girl make you feel better to the point that you 're even looking for external validation on reddit ?
i hope you can find peace and learn to be more tolerant of the harmless behavior of others .
i hope you can focus on your own life and accomplishments .
but the non-health related pros like socializing far outweigh the cons
cancer has no pros unless you mean socializing with medical staff .
if socializing is requiring drinking of any amount it is an indictment of the social culture of your circle in a negative light .
you are free to not drink and still socialize and if not then the above is as obvious as it gets .
both situations are commentary on how the person is really post the social condition he/she is set in .
people have been drinking for thousands of years all over the world .
did you just use this line of argument on a serious debate ?
i could write a comment filling reddit comment box limit with examples akin to this .
each and everyone one of them ridiculous of the highest order .
i 'll be leaving back to college on saturday so that 'll be my deadline for the trade .
if we ca n't hack it before then i 'll contact you again in december d
has ellison ever properly shown her nipples ? iirc every shot of her is like this one close but no cigar .
sounds like a deck that can really murder rogue stuff and if you 're comfortable with it all the better .
in my experience ba is best when you know what the meta is going to be and i think infernoids are kind of meh this format .
gon na be a sweet god roll that replaces that pve powerhouse .
its become cutesy '' to advertise you drink more alcohol than you should or even just implied that you should drink alcohol no matter what .
i 'm not talking about every single issue with every party-member here .
i 'm talking about the rather large glaring ones .
i agree that on some level both sides have their issues with lobbying and corruption and we should always be working to remove that if you 're going to have a government that serves the society it 's beholden to .
what i 'm saying is that on some of the biggest issues you face as a country and we face as a species one side appears to give far less of a fuck about enriching anyone but itself and that is the root of a lot of those large issues .
i was talking about the safe variant via an external 2fa app
do n't forget pasta steak chicken and lots of cooking .
but i agree with the driveway i 'd add the walkway and stairs as well .
easy way get a bucket with a lid preferably clear plastic put dead animal into it and fill it with water .
some prefer changing the water every now and then some do n't .
also remember to leave it outside that shit will stink .
a bit more work and equipment you need somekind of glassware preferably lab equipment stove you can leave on for days and a thermometer .
put your dead animal in it fill with water .
add some laundry detergent preferably meant for colour laundry detergent for white clothes has bleach which may complicate things .
heat it to 44-62 celcius ca n't remember the optimal temperature but i think 44 celcius is enough i used ariel colour tablets .
now depending on the size of the animal time for maceration can vary from 12 h small rat to week small whale .
i guess a large rat and 24 hours is enough .
a magnetic stirrer is preferred but i think you can do fine without one if you let it sit there longer .
i guess the first one is easiest to do just leave it in some forest or something and come back after a week .
it 's gon na be disgusting but you 'll get a nice clean skull/skeleton skeletons do n't stay intact .
do n't worry about mj i 'm gon na take care of her nice and slow '' claudia .
oil cleansing is kind of cool because you can keep it by your bed with some cotton pads and do it there .
i have combination skin jojoba oil was way too oily i like almond oil the best .
i think i would like the combat and gameplay but i saw some videos and pictures of the visuals and thought they were very disappointing at full price .
10 's of billions of dollars sounds like a gigantic sum to us private citizens but when dealing with the us government divide everything by half a billion to represent every us citizen to get a figure of um like 20 's of dollars .
a lot of stuff with the us government makes a lot more sense if you divide everything by 5e8 .
i 'm in a lecture and ca n't laugh so it looks as if i 'm having a seizure
you might want to give some scope about the purpose of the survey and what you will do with the results though and even provide some credentials if this is for university .
are we supposed to put the cottage cheese on top of the omelette ?
i 've been putting it on the omelette before folding it and it seems like too much and starts oozing out the sides lol .
he said he was juking in title but what i saw was face tanking
yeah i would n't fully trust these either although i have gotten shot in the face with these masks eye lens and i was fine and so was the mask .
this was multiple times too at gamepod at about 15-20 feet away from someone using a 300 aeg .
i also have glasses under which helps me lessen my fear but i do usually end up going with real eye pro most of my games after just to be safe .
i 'm sure a lot of us here will be envious of you .
it 's great that you 're able to move on though .
it 's healthier in the long run no doubt about it .
fire the site engineer and open criminal charges against the construction company
i genuinely meant to use light '' and i 'm annoyed i did n't see this before .
usually requires a custom software solution or youre going to have to use generic/available web tools and implement procedures for users to follow which they will get wrong or cut corners on .
you see in nxt they were treated with kiddy gloves being told exactly what to do and it helps that the crowd is willing to go along with any story .
on the main roster they get less direction but also have to be wary to not do something that will piss vince mcmahon off .
and vince has shown zero consistency with what will or wo n't piss him off .
both bayley and sasha come off as doing the bare minimum for a while now they do n't seem to be enthusiastic about their work
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
optimism is the name of the game now ca n't wait for the test servers whenever they come
the matter of taking a look at whether amnesty granted is valid or not is something that can be done at any time because probably you 've seen from the proclamation if that grant of amnesty is declared to be void then it can be attacked at any time because it 's void justice secy guevarra said
this got reposted so fast the original is the post before it .
what aomine said is 100 right and grats on that awesome s myuria pull !
i 'd recommend mlbing her or maria first as well and maybe even lean toward maria unless you like s myuria 's playstyle more .
1 its easier to get good weapons for maria since you can transmute storm bolts vs having to use coins to buy marsamue sp .
2 she is always great for runs even title runs due to her buffing crit and damage and fast rushing .
3 she is one of the few required teammates for crystal guardian which as a new player you should be farming a lot for the seeds and items .
you can only damage the boss after a crit rush rush must end before others rush so you 'll solo then rest of team will rush after you as a 3x so maria is huge while s myuria does n't really offer anything in that fight besides tanking .
s myuria is excellent for maze which is where you 'll get lots of coins for gems 500 gems per 50 coins .
s myuria changes a lot once you unlock her thunder slash skill after augmenting .
it 's considered getting your foot in the door .
i failed too many time to bother with it .
after repeated process i just learn to enjoy the journey rather that the end result .
nice to have but you can live without it .
you can accomplish way more without it than with it .
this is ad hominem right here instead of arguing against my credible sources of people saying he got so mad that he could n't start over russ that he requested a trade and started messing up the chemistry your response was to try and discredit me .
i 'm not even going to give my personal opinion i am stating what players were in the locker room were saying about the situation .
build a huge jong fleet and attack unsuspecting cities imperial japan style
donkey kong country tropical freeze is a good choice of you have access to a wii u or switch
ublock origins-you can even block specific parts you dont want to see .
fi right click on that boost button and choose block element .
10am cet happens when this comment is 24 minutes old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
i understand it 's hard for a lot of people to achieve but i think moving really is the best option in a scenario where you ca n't see the light in your future .
it 's really hard to start over far from your support system and from what you know but if you believe your best option is jumping off a bridge anyway it could n't hurt to just press reset in a place with a better quality of life .
before social security was around to keep track of us people did it all the time .
they 'd pretend they 'd jumped off that bridge and run to mexico .
edit staying seems to have worked out for you and that 's great i just mean for those who get too close to the bridge idea .
this video actually convinced me to become a catholic !
as someone else who lives in the uk ... do you feel safe living here bearing in mind there seems to be a lot of animosity towards muslims recently ?
i was originally planning to roll during kotr and v-day 2019 with mhx alter and mordred 's rate up day but i did n't take into account the rate up servants banner before nerofest .
the jp server did n't display odds at this time as far as i 'm aware so i do n't believe the odds for the kotr or v-day banners will be available until we roll for them in na .
however based off the patterns from previous banners i 'm guesstimating that kotr 's banner will be a split with 0.4 artoria saber 0.4 artoria lancer and 0.2 mordred saber or 0.35 0.35 0.30 .
by that same logic the v-day banner would be split along 0.4/0.4 mhx alter/mordred and 0.2 5 spooks most likely .
assuming that the saber banner is an even split of 0.33 the whole way for the three rate ups artoria altera and mordred would you suggest i roll on this banner with the intent of getting mordred or hold off for kotr and/or v-day ?
sorry for the long question and thanks in advance !
you should be able to change energy supplier you are getting savaged on the standard tariff .
you do n't get to decide who 's an american or not .
your post was automatically removed as your account is less than five days old or because you have no post or comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
did n't he do this because he could n't deal with daredevil and wanted something to get in his way so he could get away ?
frank clearly does n't want to kill dd but he ca n't let dd stop or arrest him or anything like that .
i took what he did as causing a diversion to escape and it ends up working out albeit frank did n't bank on getting knocked out in the process .
imo people who link this subreddit at any mention of someone getting laid just sound envious as fuck .
your dignity for posting the same meme with so many others for like the 100th time today in this sub .
well they had france at the end so they had to white it out and then type again .
but if jj puts in some work to salvage the pile of crap rj left to him i can see him un-subverting our expectations and revealing that snoke is darth plagueis .
and since under these circumstances plagueis dying and coming back already happened once it would n't even be terribly implausible for him to do it again .
ooh it 's quite rare to see pinkie crying like that in fanarts ... and also dash to be so sweet .
sp louder hey who said i ca n't be a sweet pony ?
it is just my sweetness is often overshadowed by my coolness .
our target is to translate 1 page a week since we are all busy .
a chapter is about 3 pages so 4 chapters would be 12 pages .
we 'll help each other when we are finish with our allocation .
damn if this is real csw is more stupid than i thought ...
there 's a benefit to losing you get to learn from your mistakes . ''
you are like the modern alternate ending to the little mermaid .
ariel gets legs to chase a guy and defy her father .
only to become a regular human teenager that has to go to high school .
you are n't cursed to be mute it 's by choice extra emo phase .
i 'm just wondering what happens when insurance investigates the home fire and discovers it was caused by a diy project .
wonder if it 's even declared under his home insurance .
those who you call heartless on those eras are actually very passionate maybe about their homeland .
because to protect their homeland also means protecting everything they have .
it was a time when feudalism was the norm .
today though the rise of technology has stole pur attention away from the events of our physical world and most people has been attracted by digital likes their new form and idea of recognition .
i always thought kriesha chu is more of girl group material when she was in kpop star .
if given proper screentime and good appeal she might walk out with mid to bottom of top 12 but anything could happen in pd48 as the rankings were very volatile so she could also not able to get in .
and after his anti aging '' treatment in the second film ... devious .
that 's cool but i think that there is a cooler detail .
if you look closely at the background of any scene in infinity war you might see thanos
2 week only delve race holy shit i want this now
so when i start playing the nsp game can i then change it to xci .
can i play it further with the same savegame etc ?
ca n't wait to pummel erusea back to the stone age
i was going to go with tinytinyrss but i had seen a ton of comments around about the devs being complete assholes which turn out to be completely true so i went with newsblur in the end and i could n't be happier .
strangely enough is the only self hosted reader i could find that showed article thumbnails and that also let 's you organise sources in subfolders
i disagree perez is pretty much on par with someone like bottas for me and to be beating him quite often despite having less experience is great .
we matched up well with them when we had demar .
all of our games vs them are usually pretty close .
i still think they win a series but it 'll be closer than everybody thinks .
i forward those directly to our helpdesk xyz.com address so it autogenerates a ticket then reassign the creator as the user in question so they 're in the loop on any updates to said ticket .
then it goes to the bottom of the queue on account of them being too lazy to do it right after umpteen reminders of the correct process both in writing and in person either by using the web portal or just through the helpdesk autogenerator .
i do n't understand how it works but i still watched it 20 times to see if i could
1.works best in midlane you can orb walk and not draw aggro if manual cast your flame arrows .
aquila boots into soul ring at lvl 6 and go for a rune into gank .
1st item varies from deso/diff/orchid but bkb is almost the 2/3 item .
dont always go for ganks split push them to death
i 'm guessing carb loading quickly via tin of beans n exercising
if someone gets the number then the studios in trouble
okay so you are blaming the internet for allowing anybody to use it even those who are stupid ?
i have every flavor of shift but when it 's not doing its thing for me i just take the green cards and the valacuts out of rug shift and play blue moon .
red and white striped shirt and beanie with round glasses
hey at least he does n't want to be dead anymore
oakland games have that mad max aesthetic that seems amazing for a soccer match .
this image must be reposted because submissions must be direct links to a jpg/png .
here 's a link i generated for you to copy and repost https imgur.com/gallery/mnkfipa.jpg
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hmmm if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like your best bet is to take the doors off .
do you have any idea of what could have been the cause ?
thats what it is and what it wouldve been remembered for if it werent for them winning a freaking championship
high and laying in bed with my girlfriend and our little dog child .
she 's sleeping and i 'm thinking about what car parts to order next .
life could n't be any more perfect right now .
thinking about rearranging the garage tomorrow to make room for a couch and then possibly day drink with my best friend while my girlfriend goes to work .
i moved back home a little over a year ago and me and my babe are ready to move in with each other .
avoiding a few debts and staying under the radar as always .
blew a rim on my car last week and the repair process has been slower than ideal but life is okay .
i wish i could find it but during the election i was arguing with some random redditor who was claiming to be a progressive but was opposed to voting for hillary because she was n't a progressive '' .
their position was that the scotus argument was n't a good reason to vote for hillary because roe is settled and no one trump appoints would overturn it .
i really wish i could go back and find that conversation but apparently reddit only lets you view your old posts made up to a certain cutoff time .
i 've seen reviews that read along the lines of so and so needs to learn how to be a better servant . ''
strike side step is really easy swipe to the right or left while in the middle of an attack animation which queues up the hop then the second you hop you press your next attack card .
blast is harder and tbh i mess it up sometimes too .
swipe forward to queue it up then swipe right or left before you reach them then use an art .
i think the implication is that the sound man as a former marine is angry that nike hired colin kaepernick as spokesperson because the sound man views kaepernick 's protests as offensive and belittling to service members .
so the sound man cut off the nike logos in protest .
aside from the studies done on neurological changes and motherhood motherhood impacts and influences decision making including coming to grips with the body not being able to do things as easily as it used to .
i do n't think anyone would argue that serena williams was more of a top flight athlete than brie was before motherhood and she 's been pretty candid about how much of a struggle it 's been for her to get right '' after giving birth and trying to become the elite athlete she had been previously .
as for her trying the move i have no idea and i would n't even bother to guess .
it 's the protestant wish for god 's technical instruction manual for life in a nutshell .
one of those secret government films that hypnotizes me into a complete deep trance .
it 'll be over before i know it began and i wo n't have to deal with life for an entire week
i know a few people who would love one of these !
i loved it but damn that was a wild ride .
you mean committing a felony perjury on a federal form 4473 ?
aeroja stacks do n't get reset even if you cast a different spell only if you defend/normal attack/die or use another stacking spell .
so casting tornado and aeroja wo n't lose stacks on the latter .
chain capping i believe gets a mod and you could easily find it in google as after chain 14 correct me if i 'm wrong get the boosted modifier one good example for a chain capper would be firion as he has a ton of killers on his arsenal .
well now that you say that they were both terrible yeah
if you killed ted cruz on the floor of the senate and the trial was in the senate nobody would convict you '' sen. lindsey o. graham r-s.c .
if you ever feel like you do n't have your life together spend 5 minutes in r/thegreatawakening and then reevaluate .
so much enthusiasm in your suggestion for eating a banana to soothe his eye ailment .
legitimate question here if i hit a ball at a driving range that goes over the 250 yard netting in the background of the range how far do you think that ball carries ?
because if i hit one square that does n't slice so like 1/20 shots lol it 'll clear the netting .
note i 'm new to golf was a collegiate baseball player
it 's not so much that domestic flights themselves do n't do much .
it 's just that the main us airlines aa delta and united instituted spending requirements to reach status level and it 's usually tough for leisure travelers to achieve .
however if you are not a us resident ahem then you can be exempt for delta and united .
with first tier on all three i believe you are entitled to free extra legroom seats at check-in .
that 's the only benefit somewhat worth it there as you can get a credit card that gives you almost everything else .
i had the exact same thing happen on playstation when i was making my titan
top 3 on the album for me probably number two after skeletons
having 1k gold is not hard at this point if that 's all your left with after a couple of months in the mafia then you did something wrong .
im on the same boat is there a hotel that is somewhat preferred ?
i know for pax east everyone wants the westin is it similar here ?
i fear it will cause tbm 's who support protect lds children to want to cut the association
you do n't have a problem with men you have a problem with society slightly more than 50 of which are female who hold the balance of power at home .
so you helped make this bed and it sucks for everyone in different ways .
feminists show up and scream pull fire alarms and generally disrupt stuff .
we want to talk about suicide rates incarceration rates and sentencing disparities we want to talk about a lack of support structures for abused men our inability to get justice when boys are molested or help or even to be able to report it barriers to reporting sexual assault etc etc .
what you just said sounds like if you were just nice about it we might listen ... would you say the same to an angry feminist ?
just started only played a life or two but thoroughly enjoying it so far .
i appreciate the communication with the community and response also .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/justthetopnews boxer walks out of the ring september 03 2018 at 11:26pm https www.reddit.com/r/justthetopnews/comments/9csn58/boxer_walks_out_of_the_ring_september_03_2018_at
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
she also said that in her opinion a simple click macro autoclicker is bad you get a time advantage over other player that do their title normal .
she for example did her titles the normal way .
this is qol and they made many similar stuff for gw2 this answer was just dumb and sad .
so player scavs can continuously spawn in my map is what you 're saying ?
thanks so much for the feedback i 'm honored by your praise !
story definitely went to a darker and more emotional place than i imagined when i started on the concept lol .
i 'm a version of your brother you can trust when he says do n't run . ''
nobody exists on purpose nobody belongs anywhere everybody 's gon na die .
i found your comment to be rather funny because the only symptom of acetylene toxicity is anesthesia although asphyxiation can also occur but that is caused by lack of oxygen .
people exposed to acetylene may experience poisoning with co arsine or phosphine if they occur as impurities in the acetylene but those effects are not caused by acetylene .
this is so dumb first of all there 's no way that guys is 315lb even if he 's smuggling lead teste 's second of all she hits him bent knee with her head down she could 've run into a 180lb safety and had near same results given the form she used .
i 'm not disrespecting the fact that he is probably a hard hitting guy the technique he uses is good but it 's not really a competition given how she approaches it .
to take out an ol like this you need to run through them or make them try to hit you and thereby wrecking their base by putting them off balance .
at 235lb and 6'2 i do n't like running straight into ol as it usually just takes me out the play but i does n't stop me occasionally levelling a guard or tackle who 's either not seen me coming or is midstep as i engage .
to move them normally even if you 're not going for a hitstick you 've got to come from below back straight and legs pumping with a force driving upwards into the lineman so that you 're not just increasing the force they 're putting on the floor as you 're effectively making it even harder to move them..
i 've been shilling nonstop for the past two weeks and daddy soros is very proud of me .
i have seen in another topic the same observation so it may have something to do with it .
i think the person was noticing a difference between wired connection and wi-fi for the ps4 .
hey man first of all congrats on your results it 's a crazy mark and you obviously studied and prepared very hard to dedicate yourself to your studies which is extremely commendable .
i have a few questions for you as a year 1 student transitioning into year 2 within 2 months .
i feel capable of attaining marks at the same standard as to which you achieved but am well behind where i wanted to be a year ago and where i should have been as a student transitioning from y1 to y2 .
i also do english lit albeit hl as well as sl sehs .
what were some strategies you put in place as you transitioned from y1 to y2 ?
i have a two week break in 3 weeks which is our official transition as well as an 8 week break over christmas of which i only have 5 weeks to do proper work .
we have already been told to begin the process of formulating an ee topic and older students have told us to think about ia 's for all the subjects but i was curious to see what you did .
did you have a schedule that you followed in regard to performing past papers studying specific topics breaks etc ?
my parents keep telling me that i should have a planner for every week detailing what subject i should do but i ca n't tell if i 'm constraining myself too much or i 'm not being specific enough in telling myself what i want to achieve during each block of work because i never seem to stay on task and achieve anything .
my brother achieved a 41 without much planning per se but i am curious to see how you achieved your score .
i know for my school we tend to focus on performing past papers and answering questions but sometimes alot of the concepts fly over my head .
it could be just that i 'm not revising it enough
i do hl but the differences are n't that insane afaik .
were you constantly doing practice commentaries and essays or were you focusing more on other strategies on structure and analysis of poems and prose ?
thanks for all the advice and if you ca n't answer anything fully then all good .
high school is not bad at all i changed to a whole new city when i started high school and thanks to the way my classes were i met a lot of new people really easily .
a bad breakup no friends being disowned by family shitty dead-end job
for me its an 1100 release with an 830-1630 workday .
so im just pretending it comes out when i get off lol
might be a good move that i 'm not noticing standing 3 might be a lot better if the counterhit goes from a blowaway to a stun for example but otherwise it 's total carnage .
d+3,2 nerfed badly less damage on the low followup is punishable with ws moves instead of just a crouch jab his safe high body checks got turned into punishable mids etc .
it 's a nice idea when you consider only the people who live in the city but for those who commute in from outside the city that 's just adding costs to students for no good reason .
and those who can carpool already do to offset the fuel costs .
also comparing it to the most expensive place in the city to park is n't really fair when comparing student incomes to professional sector incomes .
and while 592/year http umanitoba.ca/campus/parking/rates.html is cheap compared to downtown it 's not all that cheap for a student .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
yeah but like you said they are really too expensive to be worth buying in bulk .
i do n't know how much the azurite drops scale in deeper levels but where i am right now at about depth 90 or so that 's a whole bunch of delves worth of azurite .
that 's why it i was wondering how it compares to chaos spam .
yeah ok overall it 's worth it considering you can find it cheap .
i put in a lot of hours into playing other people 's levels yet rarely designed many levels .
that 's a deep dark unfortunate rabbit hole to try to dive into man .
the long and short of it is that nominally it started as a movement against what was perceived as forced '' diversity in stories/hiring practices in the comics industry at the expense of quality work and stories .
whether that was ever true or not the movement '' at this point as been mostly hijacked by the loudest voices being alt-right bigots who hide behind their legitimate '' concerns for the industry .
there may be people who have honest concerns about the future of the industry but the loudest and most vocal voices are mostly brigading against anyone they do n't see as worth '' having a job in the industry .
the most recent example would be the concern '' over writer eve ewing being hired to write the new ironheart book at marvel with a sudden spike in concern over her qualifications and credentials for being hired over someone more worthy '' of writing .
in relation to this diversity and comics tried earlier today to respond to everyone 's favorite brit neil gaiman 's comments about starting his time in the industry with relatively little prior experience or credentials before working on black orchid at dc by stating that neil was wrong about the events of his own life despite being the one who actually lived it .
i missed the climate and the culture and maaaybe like 20-30 of the people .
that 's in the high end for me overall though .
cyber aio tripio dasheio ghost snkrs and proxy guru included
i disagree with some of what you 're saying and agree with other parts but regardless the me of 2009 felt that way in the moment as many fans do .
you know because i literally was an immature child in 2009 .
i could solve that but my dupe happiness is already pretty solid .
i do n't know what it 's like to struggle with fibro but i do know you ca n't just walk it off .
funky as a dk echo but with diddy 's gun but a coconut gun and the non-grabbing custom version of his flip using the surfboard
i guess nationalist anarcho-socialism would be voluntary and compatible with ancapistan tho that would n't necessarily be nazism although it is natsoc ...
king nothing has n't been played since feb 2016 at this rate i 'd consider a return of that song to be a deep cut
go find a part time job at f1 where you serve food or sth then you will be in an air con environment watching them race .
my sister is 5 i picked her up for a sister day once and she ran up to me with a wide smile and said i do n't like your pants. kids are also sometimes assholes .
some of it is mathematical some is just a statistical best guess '' and sometimes your actions hint a little bit about the number .
scary thing is in the not too distant future will will have mcu x-men as well to collect .
my only slight niggle with your very good theories for the sake of friendly speculation not an argument !
if you ask janet for boiled eggs she is n't going to make you wait three minutes for them .
uh no he will take a managing director slot as a rainmaker for either a private equity or consulting firm and make a crapload of money and yes i know he did this after he left politics the last time
well a child is being used to imply sexual shit in there .
since he is just a minor there 's no way he could 've granted consensus for the video .
again i 've said the video does look funny but is it really ?
bran carries the weight of all the people he sentences to death to save the realm and his mind transcends into godhood and he ends up king of westeros .
and are you really so stupid as to not realize that dairy is a tiny percentage of nafta '' because we do n't allow trade but manage the small number of imports allowed ?
that is we in canada deliberately keep the trade small .
if the market were free the numbers would probably be much different .
it depends on what you call a free '' market .
nothing involving us agriculture is anywhere close to a free '' market being that it 's entirely propped up by government subsidies .
supply management is the canadian alternative to farm subsidies as its far more economically efficient and viable to set quotas and price floors than to just hand farmers money for nothing .
the whole reason the us has such a massive oversupply of dairy is because of the guaranteed subsidies that ensure profits .
if we opened up the market with no protections canada would have to subsidize dairy and poultry farms to the same extent as the us does ... does that seem like a better alternative ?
btw i do n't disagree with you about growth hormones in milk or anything else .
but again if trudeau had been smart he would pushed for strict labeling laws .
if milk with brt had to sport a label saying that how much would you buy ?
milk with brt is illegal to sell in canada as it is so strict labeling laws would be pointless in that case .
of course the us would simply file a lawsuit that canada is using non-tariff barriers to obstruct trade if dairy was brought under nafta which would force us to allow us dairy with hormones .
we could then enact a strict labeling law which the us would sue to get shot down as well .
yes it is you 'll have to sit on my lap 😘😈
i will be up for a few more hours if you do n't care
you can get a big pack of them at an auto parts store .
well a lot of paddle shifters particularly on racing cars just trigger valves that do the shifting but are still sequential gearboxes .
in roadcars they mostly just trigger dsgs now which are n't sequential although in principle you could do that if you wanted but why would you ?
but there were a few that were actual sequential bmw had one that could be operated manually or by paddle although it 's possible the lever was also electronic in retrospect i do n't completely remember .
my mother in law does this all the time .
and yeah this looks like itty bitty caterpillar damage i 'd check under the chewed up leaves and i bet you find one !
sproles would be a good pickup to start the week .
if he sucks you pick up latavius gore or ballage .
i 'm getting second hand embarrassment from that retort .
oh and as for the casuals on a different account .
it was just in case he wanted to try ranked .
just trying to help a dude out that was asking for it .
i 'm 25 years old and still so afraid of stray hairs that it makes me vomit .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
brighton beach brooklyn-where i used to live has soooo many illegals from former ussr countries to the point where the police department has about 40 russian speaking officers that are stationed in the area .
if ice cared about non-white illegals then half that neighbourhood would we be gone
i cry easily but for whatever reason i hate crying in front of others .
i 'm not worried about being seen as weak or emotional i just feel like a burden on others when i do i just do n't want them to worry
here 's a sneak peek of r/usersyoufellfor using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/usersyoufellfor/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
my sister and i came up with a plan which i 'll present to my parents tomorrow .
the plan is kicking him out or calling the police to remove him .
i guess i just do n't want to see him fail especially when it comes from me trying to help him succeed .
i do n't want him to be disappointed in himself or in me guess that 's the real root of the problem the more i think of it .
it only happened like an hour ago so might take some time to digest .
thank you i appreciate your feedback and it makes me feel a bit more rational about it .
mhgu can you use the prowler skill poision purr-ison to capture monsters ?
i saw it for the first time about 2 months ago and really liked it .
i think it does a great job encapsulating the show from dan 's eccentricities and asshole tendencies to spencer 's awesome zero to hero transformation to the mostly super cool community surrounding the show .
the only action they can take is banning them they ca n't stop it from happening .
gostava de saber o que achastes da arbitragem do último benfica sporting
i saw one at my local entertainment store for 40 bucks .
i would have grabbed it but i did n't have the money and i already own the 3ds version .
i understand calling out charities but often it 's they 're not doing enough ! instead of at least they 're doing something
i have mental health issues and i collect reborn baby dolls for therapy
talented in pubs but has n't played in enough tourneys ?
some of you may have even bought my product .
that was so nice of you giving it away and making a change !
thank you for making me laugh for a good two minutes .
wow look at you captain corporate butt mcmuncy to the rescue .
guys walks up with outstretched hand you shake it and acknowledge what he 's saying and quickly exit if you 're not interested
highly-publicized political event with massive media coverage and unruly audience so every move i make will be scrutinized .
personally i 'd shake hands and deal with the fallout '' .
i 'm picturing shaun the sheep dragging carol from michigan around on his antics .
it 's also really nice to see some of the other shelter pups getting good interaction as well as better pics for their future adoption opportunities .
for sure the game is almost 20 years old and there are still mechanics to be discover .
i kinda did break up '' with an old friend tonight .
it may have been the first time i did n't tell him to go fuck himself when the conversation was over ...
maybe if you actually read the posts and did n't just see me say cops you would realize i 'm an ancap and i 'm not supportive of any statism .
i was in my jeep north of beaumont headed into lumberton just before they closed 287/96/69 .
water up to the doors i have a three in lift and a guy goes flying down the shoulder in an aluminum flat bottom .
one of the craziest scenes i 've ever seen in southeast texas .
you do n't say in your post op if you can charge at home .
you 'll need a level 2 4 hr charger there to make it work .
usually around 1500 installed if you live in a house .
i 'm definitely going to give it a try my son has a hard time pushing them !
brs biochem and genetics helped me remember things that i forgot ... board and beyonds is n't bad either
the myth that by bringing in less politically engaged voters into the system will moderate the current partisan divide is largely not borne out by facts .
i 'm not sure if that 's the myth at least it 's not one i 've ever heard .
it 's not that the less politically engaged are moderates it 's that they tend to be apathetic .
apathy means they 're less likely to inform themselves and that ignorance leads to them holding positions that seem extreme to those of us who are more active but which make perfect sense to that individual because they 're unaware of the complications .
not to deliberately get meta just bringing this up as an example you see this kind of thing all the time on subs like cmv where someone who is otherwise politically apathetic will simply not understand why their given extreme view is extreme .
when it 's actually explained to them typically in some form of your 'simple solution ' does n't actually bear out in the real world because things are complicated '' they concede .
so at least in my experience they 're not extreme because of deeply held political beliefs but because they have n't quite realized that the simple solutions '' they want to impose are actually not so simple at all .
and of course a fair number of them are extremists but they tend to refer to themselves as independents '' these days .
they 're politically engaged but they do n't vote .
meanwhile the apathetic do n't really have a label .
elric was not revealed as an emperor until much later .
and even if they are skin deep it is still noticeable and you know if a game or movie is made for elric there will be countless people calling it a witcher ripoff .
but there was still a ton of proxy wars .
im not sure if i personally buy that nukes would 've stopped a bigger war .
i think it all depends on your league and roster .
i am in a deep bench league with 3tes .
i am dropping gesicki but have clay and kittle .
i am only picking him up out of speculation .
i thnk gesicki or below is a fine drop epscially if you have 1 tes .
just looking at ops image makes me 100 certain theres a nude version in the same pose .
she 's on her knees thrusting her chest forward for crying out loud .
the harnesses they wear is measured by the individual wearing them .
based on what d-ring at a certain flight station fs it will only go so far .
the harness itself has i believe about 15-20ish feet in length the loadmaster can work with .
once they have their set distance if something were to happen and tension is applied to the harness a securing device on the slide prevents it from letting the harness out any further .
we 're slowly diluting it with more and more crappy movies and merchandise .
it 's worked on me in the last 20 years i 've gone from borderline obsessed to meh . ''
well statistics can only take you so far there are a lot of players who were fearing the nerf and consequently had a terrible start to the new patch effectively dropping the champion in the process .
it also takes a lot of effort and time to adjust to a severe change especially one that changes the entire identity of the champion you 're playing and forcing you to adapt to different builds .
most yorick players liked where he was and his identity some of them now feel different .
speaking as a jungle yorick player it 's near impossible to play it anymore and every single high elo jungle yorick i am aware of has quit the champion entirely in favor of others .
support said youre locked out from getting the skin again once you lose it .
we all knew but now the team is saying it .
lol these are the types of dudes that call your retail shit fake .
oh i 've never seen it so it must be fake headass 😂😂
you probably dream more often than you think and do n't remember it .
try setting alarms to wake up earlier than normal or even in the middle of the night you 'll have a better chance of remembering something .
there is tons of research on the benefits of fasting .
apparently points are awarded as a personal stat and both goals and assists count as points .
gretzky 's assists alone are greater than the number 2 player 's combined total .
it reports back which ones have ports open or blocked .
if you only have the 2 items on the switch you 'll get back teh ip .
granted i 'm also assuming op has a good idea of the ip range it could be and is n't going to scan every possible ip .
it 's not crappy design lmao just a graphic designer playing with typography to give an artistic effet .
the title national portfolio day '' is clearly readable and is even written next to it .
typography does n't have to always be readable it 's an art form .
he lied to congress and had a massive coverup of his public service .
but she 's seen it before so.. ヽ ◉◡◔ ﾉ
is that the bank from spiderman 2 or the mask ?
u/thetad8iu that 's a curious timeline because you have the recession in-between those two years .
i wonder to what extent tech companies contributed to the rise in costs versus broader national trends .
i ca n't speak to the veracity of any of these graphs i only did a quick google search but this national graph https cr4re.com/images/realhousepricesmar2012.jpg seems to show that housing prices peaked prior to the recession and started rising precipitously around that 2004 mark you mention .
it 's more difficult for me to find prices in reno over a two-decade period but there are a couple crappy-looking graphs showing different measures that seem to simply match the trend happening around the country i 'm only visually comparing which can be misleading chart 1 http renohomeblog.com/market-trends/reno 20sparks 201979 20to 202012 20price 20new.gif chart 2 http renohomeblog.com/market-trends/reno 20median 20price 20for 20new 20homes.gif .
i wonder if the concurrence of rapidly rising rents everywhere along with the influx of tech companies to reno led people to conclude a causation that might not exist .
no idea what i 'm looking at but he should probably cut down on fast food maybe .
do you think it will possible to eliminate or make less opaque classcast exceptions like the one in defmulti ?
particularly in the case of defmulti that seems to be something that can provide better feedback to the caller like expected a symbol got 5 .
perhaps that 's just a clojure.core spec update away ...
now i 'm home and not feeling obligated to work i want to link to the original artist i shamelessly plagiarised because it was for a friend and not for profit .
her name is scarriebarrie https www.scarriebarrie.com her work is stunning and i thought my friend would love it .
just some background i 'm not very good with patterns i tried making clothes and i suck at tracing so i vaguely sketched it out in pencil freehand and then did a very simple stitch to outline the main areas so i could actually see it ... then started working on it .
not to jump about when i get bored of doing one area .
the back gets ratty as fuck and it also means that i ended up pulling threads through which looks gross and takes ages to fix for me anyway .
i do n't have to use the thread the way it is when you get it .
again thank you all for your kindness i think i 've got a knack for this so i want to keep sharing what i am doing !
the nice thing about drywall guys is the majority of their work is new construction so they operate on tight margins .
unlike plumbers sparky 's etc they do n't seem to have figured out that they can jack their prices up for homeowners .
luckily for me i had already undergone the drywall misery remodelling my bathroom so i was able to dodge the bullet in the basement and budget it in from day 1 .
in an ancient brothel a pig feared for it 's bottom .
it ran away but got trapped in a sauna .
when the sex freaks found the pig it was basically ham .
so they sat down had intercourse with it and ate it .
honestly your comments about this person are way more entertaining than her original post asking for this money what a ride .
was just told i 'm a candidate to be the patron saint of the internet lulz !
they vast majority are life of the author 50-70 years .
you can also measure from date of publication which in the u.s. is now 95 years .
this is the biggest change from disney 's lobbying it was previously 70 years which would have meant steamboat willie 1928 would have entered the public domain in 1998 .
problem is can you impeach a justice on the behavior of another person ?
i am more for annulment or something similar based on an unconstitutional presidency .
as i said elsewhere in this thread i had buddies that said the same about the iraq insurgency fighters after the invasion in 03 .
i 've been listening to these two songs for 6 months
oh god that 's just one more person i 'll be too ashamed to look at their faces when my judgement comes .
would much prefer to face the god in a room with noone else so i can just say hey man no worries you do n't have to read my browser history to justify your judgement i know where i 've been ''
lol and i was wondering why aninews appeared in my recommendations recently even though i only watch gigguk and fate abridged occasionally i think google is onto me .
but mandatory pieces suck any way you slice it .
with effects that polarizing you 're going to inevitably have mandatory legendaries .
lions for the last minute win they pulled out against us a couple years back .
and because i was at the game and it ruined my week
give me some credit i recognized that her situation was difficult because i am very outstanding person brett kavanaugh ''
if he would have wanted to turn you down politely like you think he did he would have said something more like i 'll keep in touch '' or the classic i had fun we should do this again sometime '' .
i 'll hit you up soon '' feels more like i wan na talk to you but i 'll wait a bit so i do n't look clingy
in that case expect to see 99 leave 1 remain .
if the existing eu deal could n't get a majority vote do n't expect an inferior deal to get one either .
i 've come to understand no camera company will make a camera that meets the needs of both videographers and photographer to the fullest .
i like the body style of the x-t but i guess i 'll wait for the x-h2 and sacrifice some size
well orang/red are usually associated with bandit factions in my book .
but again thats just from my experiences in many servers .
there 's an argument that one of the reasons the ‘up ' times exist the way they do is because there is more money floating around in the economy due to lower taxes .
increasing the taxes during those ‘up ' times has a dampening on the economy which slows down economic growth .
so in effect preparing for the downturn is one of the causes of a downturn .
point is i guess it 's not straight forward .
your post has been removed since it is missing a location tag i.e .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
let 's not ignore that most men are fat as well
if someone is interested i 'll explain it to them
kanye had too much on the line for him to not use the info he had to advance his agenda .
he had 3 albums on the way and we all know he loves to get his name in the media in whatever way he can right before a drop .
you 're a fucking moron if you ca n't connect the dots .
for the rest though you have a good point .
goku is notorious for letting his enemies power-up or something like that .
vegeta has the same problem when it came to fighting cell .
i have n't done a reread for a while but he might say it 's genetic or something such as a saiyan battle instinct to fight stronger enemies .
the kids do n't because they have the intelligent human bits to think hey if they get any stronger we could really screw over everyone else . ''
however goku could accidentally ko opponents when testing out their limits but with his battle sense he probably can deduce their limits and try to push them .
rocket league is the only game in my opinion that feels like a real sport .
that being said i can see why people like all the options and designing their cars i 'm boring ... . have a good day m8 and enjoy the rocket pass !
the draft is set for that time so that lineups can be set before the start of the 8:30 kick tomorrow night .
but he 's not finishing in her he 's finishing on her .
this is the perfect punishment for the crimes committed .
all i 've done so far is pla and i 'm getting this .
changing spots as well as flipping to the other side helps .
i used to remove them while the bed was still warm but now i wait until cold .
we upload them to our site when we are either provided with them or we find them ourselves at unmannedtech .
additionally we have full-on guides being written like this one https blog.dronetrest.com/omnibus-f4-flight-controller-guide
its your birthday do what you want whole point of the celebration
i remember one time that my son about 10 at the time was playing at the top of the stairs and suddenly started screaming in pain .
i 'm not sure if i have ever felt as much pain as he did that day in my entire life .
the nhl allows it 's players to return participate in the 2022 olympics
i know people who do n't like him are sick of people hyping him up but it 's well deserved .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma treshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
no one has ever tried to generate income off being controversial before .
the only thing remotely resembling this is the preponderance of fast twitch muscles in some west african peoples and their descendants .
but it 's a hell.of a leap from that to an extra bone !
from what i see women really ca n't be one .
chad 's hilarious live and this special was very funny .
he was just on the keeping joe podcast and it was good !
as an example i 'm sitting on over 50 4 tickets ... . with an expected 24 on-banner 4 units but only an 85.2 chance of getting an on-banner rainbow/5\*-base and a 92.3 of getting at least one rainbow/5\*-base unit .
how do you see the game becoming more profitable if i could simply get high tier units without spending a dime and using in-game rewarded tickets only ?
it 's a service that extracts '' forked coins for you to sell .
i would n't mind a pre exhausting model but i want him to work on one of the classics do n't give him an ultraboost make it a new york or campus or zx700 one of the older silhouettes please
truthfully i can understand that ... to each his own .
it 's definitely a little bit different but i love it .
maybe that 's part of the reason i like it ... because i assume less people will have it .
my other guns are black so i‘m ready for a change .
it was down 3 yesterday and had like a half point rebound .
broly looks good but goku and vegeta 's faces look really off .
lol no it 's not weird at all that idea is very fucked up for many reasons
seeing her orgasm over and over again is a pretty solid answer is far as i 'm concerned .
my idea which i posted before but it got trashed on hard was that uoc should include any limited unit you own yourself .
i bought the ps4 pro because i wanted to get closer to 60fps as i only game at 1080p .
i mean they 're still dropping exclusives left and right and i do n't think the ps5 is dropping for at least another year or two .
it is the single best hour of wrestling wwe produces every week .
the first shiny i hatched was a shiny magby .
it 's really dependent on the venue and the bride and grooms personal preferences .
but i would say that is a clubbing dress and not a wedding guest dress .
unless it 's a very informal wedding and the couple does n't care about people showing a lot of skin i would say you need a more modest dress .
nordstrom has a wedding guest dress section take a look at that for inspiration !
is n't this what everyone wanted in the first place ?
after watching gameplay videos of travis strikes again i am becoming wary of the quality of this title .
25 a month and my wife and i will be covered in self-defense shootings as long as we are carrying legally .
the worst part is this unhinged lady is slinging insults at a dang toddler by saying he 's not very verbal .
no one needs to ever say anything critical of children on the internet .
come on over to crazy shurglife 's discount nipple piercing .
i might have messed it up years ago trying to fix it but i might just have to reinstall the os which sucks because i 'll have to repurchase it .
i can be your accountability partner even tho i 'm a bit ahead
would n't this devalue the wish market causing out of control wish inflation ?
is kei not fully healthy it seems like his movement is not as good as it ought to be
that 's why i said next time read what i wrote .
tbh i actually love these sublte tattoos where you dont know its gaming related until they tell you like just some genereic lining that is maybe the lining of some warlock in wow but since you dont know that unless you look specificially at that character and compare it to the tattoo
but the tattos where mario saves peach like a normal picture ... no ... just no ... its way too obvious and can get embarassing
related to 2 try harmony central if it still exists .
at the end of the day you 'll have to do a ton of research and try playing stuff for yourself .
along with forty-eight f-35a block ixs and forty-eight f-16 elus .
please coordinate with the united states u/bigroy regarding the logistics of moving these aircraft from scotland to the middle east as we believe they will require mid-air refueling .
the united states likely has strategic aar assets in europe which could help with this situation .
additionally we suggest tartus as the airfield for these forces which russia is using as a staging area .
specifics on how the mars colonisation missions will be executed timeline deployment of colony stuff etc .
spacex sees itself as a transport company so apart from isru fuel production they want other people to design the martian cities .
he 's not going to mention numbers that belong in quaterly reports .
i hope he would mention some past engineering challenges more examples of where robots failed and humans work better or something
its almost as if there are different people on this sub who have different opinions .
have you per chance been to any countries with sub-dermal egg laying spiders ?
try getting some lotion formulated specifically for eczema or extra dry skin and see if that makes a difference .
think of it as the buffalos pubes ... you would n't want to smoke those .
thats all well and good but my mod friend is asking for an option to succ cornelius
did you get crashed by a metal door irl and forgot about the prntscr button ?
if by solo battles are n't rigged you mean that the settings are the same for your ai and the cpus ai you 've already been proven wrong lol
i assume it is to do with barack obama the last us president being gone not president anyone .
some people like that and are happy and dancing .
i do n't know if there is a whole lot more to it than that .
face smashbox photo finish primer physicians formula healthy skin foundation in mc1 tarte bb tinted primer in fair nars erdem blush in loves me not physicians formula butter bronzer in light wet n wild mega glo highlighter in blossom glow .
eyes wet n wild rose in the air palette rimmel scandaleyes micro liner in black l'oreal lash paradise in black pixi correction concentrate in peach
day 's after me and some of my players were thinking about trying to track down some basic games to play during off weeks or random night when only half the group is available .
we 're actually looking for students to help organize pm me if you 're interested !
you can cure them with a poultice of kudzu leaves .
we gon na ignore the fact this man has 45 jump pads 😂
this blows my mind how is a caregiver getting paid minimum wage ?
my buddy is working with the handicapped as a caregiver they trained him onsite and he 's being compensated around 25 hr .
wtf why would she pick then of all times to divorce him ?
i 'm vaguely familiar with the laputa name but know nothing about it or mechanarium i 'm going to have to look into them !
it is kind of humorous how so many advancements in technologies and health care yet we are unable to save as many lives as we should be .
if like you say nhct is as effective as expected this could turn out to be a big step in the correct direction
i am not trying to shun you but here are my 2 cents .
first off you must assert dominance over your teammates .
whenever i 'm doing shit like this i always say something along the lines of i 'm hard carrying play around me or we 'll all lose '' or if you do n't so what i say we will probably lose the game please trust me '' .
most of the time you 'll get the one or two rebels that are like ' '' this guy is just popping off i can win all on my own '' but you will have at least a few people that will actually listen to you .
besides in this situation i usually split off a lane and try to shove incredibly fast while i tell my team to play taunt in midlane but do n't actually pick a fight .
this usually works because you can just push two or three waves into a bot tower or something and if you 're playing talon you can just jump over a wall and flank the enemy team .
ideally your roams will not be outmatched especially as talon since everyone 's pinging that talon could be behind or in the jungle and people get worried .
in the best case scenario they send two people to the pushed lane and you can jump pack into midlane collapse on the enemy team kill the three of them while the other two are killing the wave and you can look for an objective .
is n't there usually meant to be a joke in these things ?
they said sorry in the title so it 's all good
yeah our team is a lot better than last year but let 's not get ahead of ourselves..
sure this was a new build i was working with org of magi guilded greaves beriths agony arctic orb medallion of troy situational item
was this the one with the scientist in the beginning wo collects dinosaurs and feeds them some kind of cereal wich makes them intelligent ?
yes there are stereotypes but honestly once you get past them greek life is great .
it 's like a built in social life and i made some of my best friends by going greek .
the problem is that many right wing sites have published the video because it fits their world view .
more than 1 million people have been deceived because of this error '' .
as much i was in the dark about us not having a defintion of anti-semitism i ca n't help feeling this has only been triggered by labour tearing themselves apart over it .
still it 's the best time for us to do it what with all the hoo-ha over the road at corbyn towers ...
i know you were responding to another poster and that this is a late response but could you expand on your comment ?
as written it 's obviously the developer 's fault but in this post the players who do play the mode as intended generally get the best rewards .
only like 3 songs on there i do n't own already
now it 's more like canada vs. the world .
think its just a case of seeing how many decisions var could have changed .
not sure why they cant do this with matches that have already happened but atleast its something .
when i used to do smash brothers tournaments with my friends my brain would go into autopilot and i would play so much better it was just so hard to go into autopilot in the first place because everyone is usually getting really riled up .
and you are proving my point you do n't even say the word .
it 's way louder than a passive set when the batteries die .
well exotic rides and porsche 911 are both b class so i 'd say the porsche is better for you
he 's really not a good champion sincerely a lvl 7 yi who has n't played him in a very long time .
he 's just one of those champions where it just stings more than usual when he does pop off so you feel like he 's broken .
not just as a jelly but as part of a rub or as a fresh sliced element with appropriate accompanying veggies or garnish .
tastes great in fresh fruit salsa peach nectarine or mango in place of cilantro .
i make iced tea with fresh mint a lot since i grow mint .
i put 4 bags lipton or tetley orange pekoe and black and a nice bunch of fresh mint in a two liter/quart iced tea pitcher .
add some boiling water to cover mint and let sit 5-10 mins then add cold water to fully fill the pitcher or ice for quick cooling .
will get that bought and try to play it around firewall sesh !
i agree that it 's a dick move but also it might be the only way .
six years and a different country is a long time and pretty far away .
my experience from both a time when i did n't get over someone i should have because i kept being around them and the time i avoided someone because i knew being around them was a bad idea is to burn the bridge for yourself .
if you want to get over someone you need to stop hoping .
if you need to stop hoping you need to stop creating situations that feeds your imagination .
and that to me at least means no contact .
and the one thing i regret about doing that was that i did n't tell her why i had to do it .
though yes it would have been unfair to her but not as unfair as just cutting all contact which is what i did .
'course because life is really fucking weird i am now in a committed relationship with the girl i once had to ghost because i thought she would only ever want to be my friend .
after six months of not speaking to eachother it turned out that she did in fact want to be more than friends .
which makes me very happy every hour of every day because but also it really underscores the importance of the point i 'm trying to make tell him how you feel .
i 'll bite i have about 40k in loans from one of the for-profits .
yeah i know i was told the degree i received would suffice for the role i was trying to get teacher turns out it is n't .
what if anything can i do to get rid of this loan balance since i ca n't get a job in this field using this degree .
love a good blue finaly snagged a k70 with them
she is she 's just working behind the scenes as she does instead of fighting on the field .
you seem like you 're fine with spoilers so here we go .
uldren was being controlled by the taken ahamkarah riven who is being controlled by dul incuru a taken who is the son/daughter of savathun .
what are these biological questions you want to pursue ?
if the anu technique is new and gets you papers why not do that ?
why did you announce your intention to unplug the mower
we never got a proper explanation of the mechanics at play .
went there once during the week and it was great !
if phantoms are troubling you there are two great ways to kill them .
find the shotgun in the security station in the lobby you 'll have to find a way around the locked door 2 .
get leverage 1 gloo a phantom and throw an explosive canister at it for the instakill .
everyone has their own story in life and is on their own road .
you got through those years reflect on them learn from them and then forget them and look forward .
the potential in every human is massive go fulfill that potential .
i think the title refers to him originally not wanting to be in the squad for the belgium and albania games
i fell asleep in the 6th but real nice to see the w and real nice to see the negative realists in this place silent .
if you 're wanting to try digital drawing/painting out though and do n't want to pay for the stupidly expensive adobe subscription gimp is a free drawing program modeled after photoshop and it 's a great substitute !
impressive gains but seeing your whole upper body wouldnt be bad either
yeah i understand that but certain times you have to drive to the place and then get out of the car and play .
yeah people should n't have the game open when driving .
going somewhere parking and then walking around is completely fine and should be done if there are no gyms nearby .
to be safe i moved the porch chairs closer to the house and put the cushions in the mud room .
i think he means ranked is locked for him even after activating 2 factor .
thanks i hope i did n't accidentally make a generalisation .
i 've ordered 100 times and all but one driver have been fantastic
do n't listen to people who say it depends on the kids .
ah yeah i do n't have an ad set or even built if i 'm being honest .
i just thought it was funny since i never thought i 'd actually be able to get this high in rta .
you look awesome the smile says it all so happy for you !
i ca n't explain why really given i 've seldom watched the latest series ‘live ' but the move to sunday bums me out a little !
however i 'm really excited to see the new doc and companions and how things are under the new showrunner
ah when you said outpace i thought you meant they outpaced the other games in popularity .
why do you have to import 4,500,000 barrels of oil per day
because we have some of the largest refineries in the world as well as world class petrochemical plants .
imported canadian venezuelan and mexican oil goes in one end refined gasoline/diesel/plastics with a higher profit margin comes out the other end .
your post has been removed since it violates the following subreddit rule
please refer to the subreddit rules before posting next time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/utarlington if you have any questions or concerns .
250 is n't so bad i expected worse from panini they can get fucked with their akira prices what a rip-off ! .
the yen-press volumes were getting expensive and i do have overlord stalled because of this .
i feel somewhat compelled to support this effort but at the same time i really really really dislike panini 's bland translations .
whether jesus literally rose from the dead is irrelevant as to the philosophical truth-or-otherwize of christianity .
that is dead wrong it plays a huge part .
i 'm gon na cut the nike logo off of every other sock i own .
however i do believe that the actions need to have more stringent rules regarding use .
take the case of sammy yatim here in canada .
the police officer was cleared of the first 2 shots as sammy did present danger to the officer .
however the following 6 shots were found to be taken when sammy was no longer a danger to the officer due to the first two shots .
he was already on the ground before the remaining 6 and the court ruled that by shooting him the extra 6 times he was responsible as it ensured that there was no chance of saving him .
the legal allowable reason to shoot isnt to kill but to protect people sometimes die in that goal to protect .
but when you continue to fire after the threat is gone its jsut about killing which isnt legal
it does n't matter i 'd just been checking my shit and it was a recurring theme so i finally was like dammit i 'm a girl ! !
big enough tocup then big enough to enjoy still beautiful n perky
checked your profile not stalking not sure why in the first place and you made comments about things being deleted ... plus you 've been here for 9 years which is also crazy ...
actually i love the sprites for dl oroichi and lms .
schools are not judged by the quality of study '' they are judged by the quality of product that is produced within .
i always pick a playlist to match my mood before i start exploring on nms and always on the lookout for a great photo op .
as a mexican i welcome you into my home any day !
you 're conflating 2 different things as one namely disconnecting for long enough to trigger detection and afking for the whole game .
i 'm talking about the first kind like op .
reconnecting does n't change the fact that you afkd in that sense .
also what you describe is exactly how it decreases afking .
the person who has no reason to reconnect has no reason to play if they disconnect .
if they think they 'll disconnect they wo n't play which means they wo n't afk .
i do n't think they really had affairs seemed more like an open marriage
a tak żeby coś dorzucić to społeczeństwo tutaj jest koszmarnie ale to koszmarnie zubożałe .
if they did they would n't be working for the biggest liar in the country .
the good news evs are expanding beyond early adopters .
bad news that includes people with no taste and questionable intelligence .
unfortunately your comment has been removed for the following reasons
r/gamedeals is the wrong place r/gamedeals/wiki/rules wiki_6._buying.2c_selling.2c_trading.2c_or_begging_for_games for trading/buying/selling with other users .
please use one of the subreddits listed in the sidebar that are dedicated to trading .
we take good care that no kids are around .
that 's why we plan to do it during night or at festivals .
omg i wish i could 've remote connected with something in his pants and watch him from distance as he is in mcdonadls with his college male and female friends .
peterman looks great on the first drive giving bills fans a false sense of optimism .
he then looks just meh for the rest of the game .
in the fourth quarter the defense forces two turnovers making the game feel winnable but the offense is unable to capitalize .
i 'm absolutely plastered by the end of the 3rd quarter which results in me eating a copious amount of chicken wing dip that my neighbor made .
by the end of the game the bills have lost and i have pissed off my neighbors for eating too much of their food .
i 'd say the right believes in public gatherings like protests .
if it means better servers during launch weekend i do n't mind .
i know another reason for it was to make everything easier for retailers .
it was confusing to have 2 release dates for each game .
scheduled to open back up on september 20th according to the website .
because that 's what amazon told me in order for me to use my echo to control my fire stick with my voice .
they said to pair the remote there is an option in settings to pair a remote with an echo and that would connect the two devices but it seems they were wrong .
the raiders have had many choices to not play in a dump but they always wanted to go to vegas .
mark davis trade marked las vegas raiders '' in 1998 .
oakland owes them nothing ... .. '' oh honey i found a new shinier boyfriend but i 'm still going to live in your house for a few years '' ... .get out now bitch .
in fact there is nothing else in that room .
the rules are whatever grassley allows judging by how he handled the motion to delay yesterday to read the documents
after 18 or so years in it i finally struck gold last year when i started my current job .
the company is growing young and very much dedicated to providing top level benefits .
i have a senior highly visible sys admin role where the president and ceo are aware of who i am so at least i feel appreciated and valued .
the boss tries not to micromanage and when i put in any weekend hours or extra after hours tells me to take a day off or leave early .
it 's still work hard party hard environment but i enjoy that aspect getting challenged on a daily basis pushes me to learn and constantly refine my skill set .
not everything is perfect in the decision making but i do believe they are making a concerted effort to get there .
it looks safer and on a low traffic road they are not really causing any trouble .
it 's not bad in crucible to throw people off but it 's clear after i did my 5 pvp matches last night that the arc warlock is the new win button in pvp .
how bizarre that so many of her fans would show up to ask questions while the spit-ballers gripe from outside the bleachers .
gluten can cause problems down the line i.e you start developing an intolerance to it from over consumption .
i was at a concert last night and talked to an old friend who i 'd met at prior shows .
she 's american but has lived in canada for 4 years because of a job that brought her there .
when she remarked on the woodward excerpts yesterday after reading some of them on twitter i asked if her canadian co-workers and friends ever grill her over there on recent us politics or why trump is doing this or that .
she just nodded wildly and said oh yeeeaaaahhhh ! ''
probably the same thing you do with it now nothing .
depth and strategy all the time in the world to dedicate to learning
i see from the comments that you 've already made your decision but i just wanted to add .
the main thing that turns newcomers off from dota is the depth and how much dedication it takes to improve .
since both are n't a problem for you you 're going to have a hell of a time .
lady at my work said her sons gathered everything nike and took it to good will ... seems better then burning
i should hope so that number really did n't look right .
i 've never seen the in-game battery warning but every time my go behaves as you described putting in a new battery fixes it .
i 'll add that i used to use cheap batteries and i had to change it every 3 weeks or so and recently bought a pack of more expensive batteries and have n't had to change it in over 2 months .
if reviews from professionals and users are bad why would you buy a game ?
it 's a gradual and repeated process but i think the final height change they can usually safely reach is somewhere in the 4-6 inches range ?
so after all that you could get tom cruise to actually be 5'7 '' instead of just claiming it p
but do we have to put it on the level of god of war bloodborne and the last of us a d hzd ? ''
i mean it 's currently 2 points away from hzd .
i dont know really but id like to hope reim might become usable again .
would have loved to say rona as well but hey like that song by the rolling stones ...
only the latias and latios pin boxes are out this friday etb is 2 weeks after and the big premium box is october i think .
hard to believe/understand why it was a commercial failure when it came out
he was far more intelligent well spoken and caring then he is today .
he 's obviously had a great deal of mental degradation over the years .
this could be controversial but i 'm really happy for him .
my parents do the same pick people apart but i did n't notice for ages as its lower key .
i cab see it now and it is a way of heightening themselves .
i used to do it all the time to make myself feel better about me .
once i accepted what i was doing i instead tried to see the good in people and understand that people are not perfect including me so stop picking the apart !
dw takes an explanation of the milestone out of context or interprets it very literally
get hypomatic for the first slot and it will look like dragon lore
all of capitalism is based on capitalizing on trends and movements why is civil rights sacred ?
un aferrado rodeado de personas que le dicen que sí a todo gobernando un pueblo cuya mayoría lo ve como un salvador ... qué puede salir mal ?
this is why i 'm a fan of weighing daily assuming you are able to not obsess over the scale because you can see daily fluctuations and get a better long term view .
looking at your meals and comments you said you 're weighing/measuring all the food so assuming that 's true it 's pretty odd to see a 10lb weight gain .
using conventional cico 1lb 3500kcal that 's an excess of 833 kcal/day .
which means your tdee would be around 400 kcal/day so something clearly is n't adding up .
the first thing that jumps out at me is your meals again you said you 're measuring but ... 2 eggs butter avocado 2 slices of bacon i 'd guess this to be at least 600 kcal .
unless you 're using a very small amount of butter eating a third of an avocado and very small/thin pieces of bacon it may be less .
a caesar salad with steak dressing on the salad ?
total guess but assuming there 's a little dressing and a reasonable size steak say 4-5oz which would be on the small side this would be 500kcal .
if using a couple tablespoons of dressing and a 6oz steak this could be much higher .
dinner chicken thighs broccoli and cheese total guess but i do n't see how this could be any less than 500kcal .
the nuts/almond butter are some of my favorites too but you pay a big calorie penalty .
unless you 're eating trace amounts of almond butter or literally 2 or 3 macadamia nuts this has to be 300 calories .
so while i realize this is guesswork i tried to be conservative and i 'm at 1900kcal/day .
i really suspect the calories are much higher than you think they are .
signed gondar '' bounty hunter 's dota1 name for those not from dotes
incorrect gondar is still bounty hunter 's lore/real name .
lots of heroes in dota2 have generic names as their hero title but also a lore/real name .
example alchemist is razzil darkbrew or rigwarl the bristleback or leviathan the tidehunter .
i 'm a pe that left civil/construction after 10 years to take a dod position .
i most likely wo n't be using my license for anything here but i 'm considering starting a side hustle that involves design .
took about a 10 salary cut but 401k pension and benefits package cover the difference .
flexible 80 hours every two weeks and plenty of time off .
the work is n't exactly mind blowing but work life balance job security and long term compensation made sense for my family situation .
i 'm 30 minutes north of philly and there are 2 places in/near lansdale pa. rt tuning and psi proformance and i 've heard good things from both ... ca n't hurt to look into !
so for clarification face value '' for oracle season ticket owners varies by game ?
did you force tame an alpha wyvern and pick it up ?
why would they care about becoming poorer and worse off ?
and the grind gets u by previewing u all the weapons and mods etc for you to gawk at !
surprisingly last week someone in real life told me the exact same thing !
i do n't understand youtubers as a whole really i watch a few monkeyboo as i like monkeys thetimtracker who is an experienced theme park enthusiast that is very informative .
i do n't understand these vloggers that shout scream yell always advertise their merchandise as in my opinion it 's not a job .
there are people working extremely hard in offices etc .
then you have these vloggers doing stupid things and getting hundreds of dollars for it only to spend it on another lambo to add to the 10 they already own .
average does n't necessarily imply mean it could be median as well or a different average .
in context in the quote above it clearly means median and that 's what it usually means when somebody says the average '' person in general .
when somebody talks about the income of the average person they obviously do n't care about a handful of billionaires skewing the mean income .
ive drilled down through those as well and the shortest time frame for anything is 15 minutes .
i 've timed it and it always turns off at 10 minutes .
if a seller is already getting enough sales they are likely to only ship domestic .
i suppose if you 're selling non-expensive items the fees are n't as big of a deal but then you still have shipping to deal with ...
some canadian cities cost 10 to ship a tee others cost 20 ... .this means more time needs to be spent with the usps shipping calculator for every potential buyer .
maybe australian laws are different import fees ... but even when i 'm on the same page as the buyer like warning about import fees they will inevitably be upset when they have to pay an additional 50-100 just for import fees .
buyers have also asked for returns and even forced returns ... all of which ties up money for a longer period since shipping times are longer .
it was war spoils from ww1 and then militarily suppressed when it tried to declare independence .
just get wrecked any where i go in bf .
why is mike fisher still allowed to report on anything ?
i slow down and avoid the congestion whenever possible you 're not walking and going up a block to avoid a crowd is way easier on a eboard than a car .
have a fun time and a good day at the house with a little guy in a bit more than i thought he was going down the street .
there 's ... there 's just no where to hide .
each one has worse tattoos than the next and their hair is ... just who did that to them ?
they root pretty quickly and make great house-warming gifts !
i 'd also recommend a root pruning and re-potting with some new soil .
i love the idea of vr chat and it seems fun and silly but i do n't have friends on it so it was n't very enjoyable to me .
and i had no clue they made an oasis app i 'll have to keep an eye on it for updates .
whats the point in tf ult in low elo though ?
every single person plays like hashinshin in low elo .
so by the time you hit 6 either a your bot lane is 5 kills behind and its pointless to ult or b your bot lane is 5 kills ahead and they do n't need your help the game is already won .
the only thing tf changes is an even lane or a slightly behind ahead lane which never happens in low elo .
you would be better off playing some assassin mid that can try to carry the chimps or help you 5-0 lane close out the game in 18 min .
if it came from an engram like lord of wolves trinity etc .
why would it be marked as a secret in the collections ?
the best way to find out what xyz position does is to look up the jobs that reference it and see what the responsibilities listed are .
my knee-jerk reaction is that what you 're seeing may be more of a compliance role the person who ensures company procedures are in line with regulations especially with respect to health and safety and environmental e.g .
do the processes comply with how the law is written are people following the h s rules what tests do we need to be doing and are they being done are all the proper permits in place essentially if the place got audited would it pass ?
one thing to consider is that you may have just hit a dead-end in your current position .
why do you feel like you 're just pulling weight '' ?
is there something else you wanted to do you ended up not getting a chance to try ?
you may just need to find a new place with more variety of work or more advancement opportunity than where you are now vs changing to an entirely new field .
6 years puts you at mid-level if you completely swap you 're likely to be set back to entry level depending on what you want to move into .
that 's not to say you ca n't do that but it 's something to consider .
what dashcam is that and how do you stop it from getting stolen in your jeep ?
it 's interesting that dairy is worse than poultry and pork .
when you tell people to eat less meat they 're very likely to eat less pork and more dairy .
winning is surviving to go out and do it all over again .
that or to die in a blaze of glory gory ?
opening credits to both deadpool movies ... every time i watch them i find some new detail to make me laugh .
we 'll get one on the vi event tomorrow and another next week in the viii event .
never knew about his videos but i will upvote cause i think it 's great how helpful players are in this community .
oh you mean literally yes of course he is the president of the united states ...
so many em songs but brain damage first with guilty conscience 2nd .
pc h quicksell bundle need gone fast w 45 usd friends and family
i r sry texture just looked like a wall .
i understand that there are economic reasons for suppporting the death penalty but i do n't really see why someone would n't pool slavery and the death penalty in the same category apart from the death penalty being far worse which i assume you do n't agree with .
killing and enslaving people is morally wrong in my opinion which is why i do n't support those practices .
they both produce or save money for the state and some people feel that if you commit a crime you deserve to be enslaved and forced to work free or just killed by the state but i do n't feel that way .
and if any dems join him then fucking vote their asses out .
the r 's are so far down the rabbit hole they are in hell .
the dems better get in the trenches and fight .
its nice if a balloon slips through so you dont have to restart but generally speaking you really want trinkets that make it impossible for anything to get past your dudes .
if you think this might be a mistake message the moderators .
if you do include a link to your post please .
do you recall if that 's in the dairy section near eggs/milk or if it 's in the smaller coolers with the lunch meat ?
a single mormont noble is detected by a patrol of 15 manderly lc just west of white harbour .
i 'm especially impressed you did n't call that iridium satellite a meteor like most people on instagram !
i have a resonator ... on my horde na in wyrmrest accord .
if you want to farm for eyes i highly suggest farming the mobs before watcher aival in the spirit crucible they drop the most eyes out of every other mob group i tried and respawn quite fast .
because of the industries inside the state silicon valley vast shipping ports and natural resources .
they 're bad at managing their money because they have over 1trillion dollars in debt .
to make this easier ... you 're asking why a naturally gifted top 10 athlete is broke ... it 's because they spend more money than they bring in .
yesterday my cat gacy died a month ago and i still miss that fat cheeked baby
i 'm liberal and i like conservatives i just do n't like crazy conservatives that think the brown people are unneeded and must die/leave .
outside of that conservatives are aight just wish they were n't controlling every aspect of us government at the moment .
i want to give them a name one that strikes fear and gives a sense of mystery to all who hear it..
a lot of names that we think of as being cool sounding are in actuality pretty bland and even stupid but its the association with the name that makes them awesome .
they ripped off the name of a popular group the crickets who had buddy holly as a lead vocal and added a bad pun musical beats ?
or most oldschool super-heroes where it was random noun man .
they only sound good to us because we associate them with the legacy of the character they represent .
if someone were to say gold man '' or cricket-man '' hehehe callback to the crickets sorry we 'd call it the stupidest thing we ever heard .
go with something common and mundane and then make it fearsome enough to earn a reputation as a badass group .
one of my favorites comes from the game dragon age inquisition the friends of red jenny .
it was a resistance force and information network made up of common folk maids waiters etc that could come and go wherever they wanted in noble houses .
red jenny '' was a made up person and all of the members of the group were her friends '' .
it would also let them name drop jenny in a conversation to see if the other person caught it or not as a secret way of identifying members .
maybe something like the blackbirds '' or the strays '' .
everybody always blames the woes of society on rats but its the rats that keep the streets clean .
also lets them say things like couple of rats got into the cellar last night . ''
yeah that fucker is just taking a ride watching all the death happening before him .
i scored 127/127/128/128 first time and then 130/124/130/130 second time
there are region specific icons including the two you just mentioned .
forgive my ignorance but i 'm curious and want to know more .
so you all downvote my comment about not calling on that score unless you are sure of a point ?
so you all think score is irrelevant when calling ?
i thought he was finally on a good bike what is basically the factory and it 's been abysmal .
i wouldnt be surprised if he 's in cev next year .
i would be really happy if the oncu twins move up though .
not only are they talented but it 's great to have a diverse series and some turks would really add to that .
it also seems like something dorna wants too a diverse series with hometown heroes at every race
are you planning to add more effects in the future ?
watching just one effect might be a bit dizzying in the long run .
this is actually the original post because we have to manually approve each post it sometimes messes up the times which posts are submitted .
i had lymphoma and while you do have some symptoms like fatigue and unexplained weight loss painful lymph nodes are distinctly not a symptom painless lymph nodes are .
pain in a lymph node usually means some kind of infection or immune response .
this alone does n't mean lymphoma is an impossibility though .
if you have n't had a cbc in 10 months you need another one in either case although those arent reliable for lymphoma either .
you should specifically mention your prior weight loss swollen nodes fatigue shortness of breath and any itching night sweats or consistent low grade fevers youve had .
have them check iron levels too because low iron can cause shortness of breath and fatigue and also be indicative of lymphoma but of course is more likely to be caused by other things .
pain while urinating can either be a type of infection that hasnt been treated appropriately gram negative vs gram positive or it could be intersitial cystitis which could be triggered by a faulty immune system which is sounds like you have .
remember when upsetting national champion osu on the road was the same season as
links with extra context from the op help subscribers decide if they should check it out/upvote .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reactjs if you have any questions or concerns .
as a libertarian local prostitution like las vegas is fine but i am 100 against legalization of prostitution at a state or national level .
9/5 ... ... spot falls pump prices should peak in the next 12-24 hours ...
a nice drop in spot should bring an end to the latest hike rippling across the market by thursday afternoon .
wholesale rfg thru 6pm was 2.083 down 1/2 cent from tuesday
chicago rbob spot price ... 2.0748 down 4.19 cents from tuesday 5.50¢ over cbob
i 've got enough room for a minivan in front of my house !
well in my dedicated time i did fa pathoma sketchy and anki .
honestly jack allison is getting shit on because of who he is and how he acts .
it takes years of being a decent person to save up goodwill among others .
this individual has taken a petulant angry cynical approach to every aspect of his life and the lack of support for anything he does from peers is a testament to that .
but do n't think people are ignoring the problem they 're ignoring this particular asshole complaining about the problem .
from what you said it sounds like nearly every other dnd-turned-story podcast .
m https soundcloud.com/prezziproduction/power-up ade this beat as i was feeling a little video game-y vibe after my last beat let me know what you think about it ill return feedback
i 'm glad you were able to knock it out !
reno is n't the best physical or magical lightning dps but he 's still one of the best ... and in both .
tempest snipe or chain thundaga all day every day .
i find it so interesting and engaging to talk to all the game employees men and women .
i hate hearing that women employees are still treated differently by some .
i saw a youtube video of an ex-game employee who was discussing exactly that .
i 've always just known about the one in montreal .
look at what pogba 's assists were last season for proof of it .
key passes big chances created are more indicative of playmaking .
just because you 're only racist online does n't change the fact that you 're racist period .
i 'm just wondering if they 're able to be baked instead of steamed .
i was thinking is is just waiting for version 3 or a new part of the story to introduce them .
where are all the people who were defending alex jones freedom of speech when a private company just stopped publishing his show ?
this right here is an attempt at a true free speech violation .
why are n't the infowars people yelling about freedom of speech now ?
you might like key ! his new album 777 with kenny beats is dope
your u/reasonsforreason post has been automatically removed because you used a one-word title or a title which only described the context .
do not tell us where you found your verysmart whether you think it counts or if you forgot to censor personal information last time .
please make your title descriptive of the content of your post and resubmit .
use a quote if you cant think of anything .
if you 're really struggling or believe this removal was in error report this comment and a mod will check it out .
please censor all information that can be used to identify a person .
this includes but is not limited to first and last names usernames including your own profile pictures where a person 's face is visible subreddit group and online community names titles of specific posts and other information like locations city state etc .
this is to prevent brigading and harassment so we take this rule very seriously .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iamverysmart if you have any questions or concerns .
400 expensive apartments is 400 less rich people taking up middle-class apartments .
i would not be mad at an ep but it ca n't be like 3 song at least 5 to 7
i do n't disagree with your sentiment but that still does n't mean that trump can demand the press to turn over a source .
and he is very wrong for asking even if the source is a big problem themselves .
but why does it bother you so much what people do ?
there are pizza places all over that say they deliver .
there 's pizza place ads all over print media and tv .
every single day i see an ad for pizza .
pizza places have been delivering since like the '70s !
so it strictly comes down to what one person wants to do with his own property ?
for every person who does n't like somebody wasting '' their own property there 's another who perceives kneeling during the national anthem as disrespecting the country .
america is what it is because people have the right to this kind of expression .
as a fan i kinda hope the o-line does n't keep feeding the media .
it 's just going to cause more of a distraction which is what the media wants
not trying to start anything but would that hit not be against the new rules ?
and after my last reply in the screenshot he muted me from being able to message the mods .
cheers hareuhal you win with your reddit mod superpowers .
we 'll start to get some more through events but by no means is low lb unusable in these bosses .
hopefully we get some more available as time goes on but as of right now let 's get everyone dodging and learning patterns more .
please tell me this is the beginning of the end and not the end of the beginning .
i ca n't take much more of this shit .
because it came off very douchy and you made it sound like that 's not the case anymore .
do n't make up excuses for why you lost it just say i lost it dude i 'm so sorry i fucked up so badly '' and he has the right to react however he wants so do n't get mad if he just goes off on you .
maybe in real life but it 's the opposite in 2k ... the mid range is the most efficient shot on the game..
not all elephants look the same theirs like 9 different types
both leclerc and chapman have given up 1 hr but leclerc has a higher ip so its a lower hr/9 despite rounding
diaz has the most saves but chapman has a slightly higher save
the jade falcon series does n't really have a continuous name as it 's kinda interlaced through the rest of the canon with occasional moments where it becomes more than just be b plot .
that said i always kinda disliked those books compared to the stackpole backbone growing up but while i like the intrigue and politics of the stackpole stuff to this day i think thurston actually kinda wrote better characters .
why would you rely on a gun that 's only useful after someone is in your house ?
if you 're so concerned with their safety why the hell did you get such an unsafe house and when you 're not even going to be there half the time
why do n't you just have more money ? ''
i 'm an australian not an us resident but these questions basically boil down to that .
when most us residents are living paycheck to paycheck .
i performed the whole listening to his breathing as i have had to with other rats i have owned he does have episodes of crackling and vocalisation in his breathing as a left over from the initial infection but each time i have checked him since his behaviour changed he has been breathing clear .
it does n't sound like anything is disrupting his breathing and yet he still breaths violently .
his brother has drank i 've seen that but i ca n't say i have observed him drink so i will look out for that and i will try to identify liquid in his lungs now .
i have 3 physics classes using max and a cs class using canvas this semester ...
i do n't think i 'll be on learningsuite very much
background i work in a store where i need to go to backstock and come through double doors .
i 'll come through doors and startle people and more often than not they will say ope '' or swear .
when i apologize for not having a certain item they will respond with ope alrighty then '' or ope okay '' .
they are very subtle opes '' but are for sure not ohs '' .
this is specially in relation to photos within the initial chunk .
a friend is using his private discord at work to coordinate with coworkers and he 's a member of several nsfw servers .
he believes that since he is n't directly communicating within those servers while at work he is safe .
i called him an idiot and told him to make an account dedicated for work .
my only issue with the whoever asks pays is the expectation that men have to do all the chasing and pursuing which in turn means that the man ends up paying .
'' is michael dickson even better than you thought after seeing him this preseason ? ''
you could n't have imagined all the things that he does while kicking the ball .
he 's just grown up differently than all the other kids that kick the football .
when he gets really comfortable you 'll see him flourish .
he 's not at his best right now he 's going to be better as he continues to grow .
i have the mi-8 for sale if anyone wants it pm me
what i tell myself you either are or you are n't .
it 's one of their best songs and should have gotten more exposure .
it fits in perfectly with the early 70s country-folk-disillusioned-rock thing that was going on .
lead into gold '' would have made a better title and could have boosted sales by people mistaking it for the latest neil young .
the game basically runs through the entire story of both the first season and sword oratoria .
if you care about the story it 's probably better to watch the anime first as the picture drama fashion it 's presented in the game is less exciting than full animation .
the game does provide more information than the anime though there are side plots and conversations that are cut from the anime .
i remember flipping through this book every week at the school library .
i 'd much rather wear thick plastic diapers than give up coffee .
i 'd be pissed if not solely for the fact that the steelers have had the most balanced and potent offense in the league consistently and somehow manage to still shit the bed .
the killer b 's combo is about to be disbanded because of an ego and they never even came close to their potential .
i just want to ask you how do you intend to use government to keep immigrants out ?
i mean banning drugs only made drug problems ten times worse in america .
i could see doing it in small countries with limited access points such as israel but in a country as big as the unites states controlling immigration in this way would be next to impossible .
and even if you could you would only be imprisoning millions of people annually and restricting the flow of human capital to the private sector .
closed borders seem antithetical to libertarian ideology in every possible way from what i can tell .
i fell in love with in d1 was the grind .
i feel the same way with this new xpack .
anytime i think of nikki and too faced i think wow they really played her. but jaclyn wo n't let anything go and keeps digging herself deeper and deeper so she 's the one who 's taking the blame for this .
also this all could have been avoided if she just said we listened to your feedback this time around and added mirrors we wanted these to be in separate palettes .
because of this the shadows are n't the same quality as last time but they 're good for an inexpensive palette. i returned my vault because they were awful but people probably would have been more forgiving if they knew what they were getting 🤷🏼‍♀️
i 'm actually a knight i just love valk d but yeah lady warden sounds pretty much exactly the same ?
i think people are more worried about the iconic lines than anything else .
though yeah i can get the complains on male warden .
it 's still someone who has been through loss .
think is a bit harsh they 're just trying to share something kind .
what a retarded incel how is she supposed to do anything if you stop them from having access to it ...
i got the zen trophy by accident but i 'm a lucio player with 200hrs and still have n't managed the floor is lava '' lol !
the reaper 4 kills with 4 shots seems rather difficult too .
good to see you were persistent on it though !
democracy could be defined as of people by people and for people .
it is not just a right to practice it even duty of every citizen .
india is one of the largest democracy in the world .
if they do n't hear me everything will be okay ... steady ... steady ...
rowdy beat galaxy in the finals of some tournament .
my name is inigo miiizeroom you killed my warden prepare to cry .
if it is well that 's how we view here .
if she is more dark than white we would considerer as pardo not white .
well yeah just because reddit bitches about it does n't mean anyone else does
i wish joe would have just agreed to disagree on schools .
it would have been nice to hear some other topics .
other than style '' trump 's really not doing anything policy wise that would look out of place to any republican since regan
he said they have a divine law which is true .
their version of islam is no more imaginary than any other version of any religion .
ca n't be joking on the internet without putting '/s ' .
that 's how i caught my wife cheating i bought her the watch .
you need to unlock the potential of that book to get it !
it 's kind of like bitcoin with the mining reward .
in steem there is no proof of work mining so the mining '' reward can be shared differently .
when you make posts comments and even when you vote you 're setting yourself up to get part of the newly created steem .
about 70 of new steem is distributed to users this way .
only 5 go to the witnesses which are similar to miners in bitcoin but do n't use proof of work .
steemit.com https steemit.com is just a website that allows you to use the network .
kind of similar to how you can use the worldwide web whether you use internet explorer google chrome or firefox it 's still the same websites .
but 100 miles in europe is often half the length of the country .
i clearly said it was n't all dems hell bernie was n't a registered dem but the overlap will not be zero .
you 're assuming they 're all swing voters which is a far fetched claim and i know you will have no evidence of .
hillary was n't running a scorched earth campaign that lasted well after she had all but lost thereby discouraging people .
again there 's a reason the russians supported bernie .
saw a late showing of searching walked out after it ended and bought my ticket for the nun tonight with mp .
they have n't kicked me off my unlimited annual plan so i wo n't feel so bad if it sucks .
i 'm learning how to do that bondage rope stuff .
i 'm asking because i only had the cherry mx switches as options when i bought mine .
and if you desoldered them how hard was it ?
they 're about the farthest things from each other .
it 's very woody light and hot '' whereas super hit is very wet '' heavy and floral .
it 's not my favorite either but it 's certainly not poorly conceived .
in general shoyeido and satya are n't going for the same things and they are n't interchangable .
in some sense shoyeido is better '' because they use higher quality ingredients but they ca n't make something equivalent to super hit in the same price range with natural ingredients so ...
if you 're looking for really intense and oily '' floral scents japanese style incense is n't that usually .
shoyeido 's plum blossom has a strong sweet vanillic sandalwood that is n't nearly as pungent as super hit but is gesturing in the same direction .
still do n't take people hyping up shoyeido as a slight to satya .
in terms of price/quality super hit is still the best i 've tried assuming you do n't get fucked by amazon third party sellers .
guys a 6'5 '' 250lbs ex mp for the army that kicks ass
just a normal night at the club with some friends i had thought .
we were all quite drunk/tipsy sitting down near the dance floor .
i see this filipino girl walk past me and without hesitation i got her attention and told her she looked beautiful .
she was flattered and somehow the conversation got to her losing her friends so i told her i 'll help her find them .
after a bit of looking around and not finding them i was also able to get away from my friends so we just decided to dance together which led to a lot of kissing .
to my surprise she then offered to buy me a drink i agreed because this was a first .
so we got to the queue for drinks and it was way too long so i suggested we chill at her place or mine .
we left the club 2 hours early to go to hers .
as we got there i helped her undress she was very ticklish when it came to receiving foreplay so she just gave me a blowjob i then got a condom and we were going at it for like an hour .
i think the alcohol really helped during my first time .
after we both came we both got dressed and then she cooked us both some spicy noodles and then i left because i had a presentation the next day .
i did some testing back in the beta for battlefront ii and found that dx11 was better as well
dx12 did have lower cpu usage so it might help weaker cpus more .
but over multiple 3 minute runs dx11 was far superior .
that 's what i wan na find out ! !
i think they put some extremely rare truffles and gold flakes as garnish tho !
ya got ta spend it doing what you love !
it 's pretty hard for anyone to read an entire page out loud without stopping or making any mistakes because that 's not how people talk .
people stop restart add in filler words uh um and backtrack when speaking all the time .
q you can cast toggle it like an anivia q .
upon reaching a certain size enemies caught in the explosion is sucked into the
w passive the stars can now crit for 130 damage crit chance 5 per 100 ap
active upon activation knocks back enemies near him to his extended outer reach enemy champs ca n't be knockbacked
again for 10 seconds the stars spin so fast it is now a ring of damage .
i missed the fact that the author was the one that lit the match ...
i 've found that saying something like i 'm sorry i only donate to shelter and help for heroes '' to pick a couple of random charities .
obviously it 's better if you 're being honest just in principal but it 's obviously not necessary .
plus you 're making it clear that you 're not some lost soul that just needs enthusiastically convincing to be chariitable .
you are charitable and have a principled position on which charities you support .
you can do your best to avoid but you ca n't control the mistakes of other .
as i stated in another comment i had one pretty bad multi-day reaction to something .
my best theory is that the soda machine at noodles with the multiple drinks and flavors that come out of one nozzel had some peach syrup left when i got a glass of water .
and last year i had a reaction to a tomato basil pasta that randomly had plum puree in it .
it did n't cross my mind to check the label of what i assumed would be a stone fruit free dish .
and do n't end up a victim of a bad things happen to other people '' mentality .
both are really but or is slightly less expensive and i liked that it was n't as crowded if we are comparing to seattle but is an easy long weekend trip away .
i think nursing is similar ca n't speak to wa specifically but oregon is unionized too although i do n't think quite as heavily but it was kush when i was there .
or license less expensive less crowded in city area .
come on admit it you at least thought about poisoning someone ... ?
was it the annoying 20-something-ish young woman talking loudly and inanely to a pal on her mobile phone ?
or the 40-ish ‘businessman ' doing the same to a colleague ?
only farm a few things at the end of tvhm in preparation for uvhm .
before that just use what you can to get by .
if you feel you are lacking in damage or protection do a few near-level side-missions kill the last boss a few times or run through the most recent map again .
the game will always provide you with enough gear to get by until you are later into uvhm where you will need to farm .
if you are really struggling gear-wise drop a few golden keys as you wo n't really need them in uvhm .
we should ask the author of this to add mcconnell to the analysis
eh you do n't have do the bash mixups in gb range tho .
jews are also more likely to suffer from mental disorders .
there 's nothing shameful about mental illness but it 's often a result of genetic dispositions culture and socio-economic factors .
this indicates that a disproportionate number of jews feel socially alienated and/or mentally conflicted .
i hope for gio or it would also be awesome if kimi takes the place .
here 's my kill team coming in at exactly 100pts
if i redid my models i 'd probably swap the spanna to using a big shoota as well just for more shots but there we go !
what 's the purpose of all these 'questions ' ?
even if they ended up proving he was a serial murderer he would still be voted 51-49 by the senate to be the next scj
not really democracy though is it if you keep running votes until you get the right answer though is it ?
also who said there would be a right answer '' ?
nobody is saying that a 2nd ref would be the last time we 'd discuss the eu matter nothing stops and i 'd argue nothing must stop a 3rd 4th or 5th referendum in the future as and when required .
i had n't really noticed and i have two wws that i play regularly .
was that a new buff to the skill line or just something they moved around ?
i do usually go into ww buffed and revert when all my buffs fall off but still .
if someone is running an illegal business that does n't pay taxes and/or ignores/is n't bound by government regulation worker health safety lawful hiring practises etc of course someone operating a legal business will want them shutdown .
one has taken the time to follow rules pay fees collect taxes and the other has not .
you can debate the method and criteria that provinces have used to hand out licenses but i ca n't really fault someone for wanting illegal businesses closed once the legal framework is in place .
if true it 's exciting that ferrari are taking risks and bringing in a 20 year old .
kimi will be missed but it 's time for a new generation of drivers to come in and the older ones to move on we see that already with alonso leaving .
roll on next year hopefully leclerc can get the job done !
why leave out just 2 people from nxt and not announce them with the rest ?
it 's only 2.. it 's not like they 'd stretch the announcements too thin .
i could see nikki being announced with sanity today but ciampa ?
i do n't know i could be totally wrong but it does n't sit right .
top-level comments must contain a valid server name suggestion in italics surrounded by asterisks e.g .
valid server names consist of 25 or fewer letters numbers and dashes no spaces underscores or other punctuation except dash .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nameaserver if you have any questions or concerns .
very neat looking i 'm not an expert but the quality looks amazing !
only you mentioned dedicated arty the first comment says arty in general are no when that is not the case .
also spg is only self propelled gun the gvodzika is a spg aswell .
one of my favourite dw sessions was playing through an adventure designed for dungeon world .
dw even has a section of it 's rules dedicated to how to adapt published dungeons .
alcoholism is a bad thing even when you work for church s
when do you usually play include times and time zone i play in the evening and when i have the time to .
tell us a bit about yourself ex experience in destiny how many characters light levels anything else i played destiny 1 on the ps4 with all raids etc .
in destiny 2 i played the leviatan raid till my clan went inactive .
i would consider my self as a experient player .
i only have a hunter because i do n't have the time for multiple charakters .
what are you looking for in a clan for example pve pvp any special criteria i am looking for a mature and chilled clan with kind and funny people for pve pvp raids ironbanner gambit etc .
i would prefer a german clan because it 's my mother language but a clan with mixed languages or only english speaking people is also ok .
he sings on some of the songs on the soundtrack which i believe is the real reason she was cast .
if you have some other titles you 'd pick up too eventually or even have the time besides switch and xbox and pc lol .
you 'd need the console psn yearly membership for online play and another copy of the game just to get started .
those photo-booths really kills two birds with one stone !
now if you had the exact same conditions and then did the comparison then we might have some actual hard numbers .
but the op is going by his handwavium gut feeling here which is not at any way relevant .
with proper maintenance a gun will not be damaged just because its sitting in a vehicle .
carrying one on your person is way more abusive .
breviks is in one of the secure facilities possibly the only one in the country where he is mostly isolated and with heavily restricted movement and existence .
but he has complained that his condition is cruel and inhumane but the last i heard he lost his appeals .
honestly i 'd say spanish is probably closer to latin than italian is .
all good breeders i have dealt with required a vet visit within 72 hours of picking up a puppy .
by dealt i mean talk to not just getting a puppy from .
so at least amongst the breeders i respect that is the norm .
yeah it 's pretty much proven that the org is cheap as fuck and just trying to cash out by being a part of owl .
ehh i 'd say play all of it so you get some references .
the first one can be frustrating at first but i came to love the fighting mechanics of it .
except even range 's theoretical damage is lower than melee presumably to make up for melee losing uptime now and then .
yeah sometimes i wonder if she is n't playing some kind of 4d chess to cause the only possible outcome that might reverse brexit .
the degree of sheer incompetence in negotiations seems unbelievable even by the standards of the government .
i 'd have put the odds of reversing it at pretty much 0 after a50 passed but she 's accomplished more to make that feasible than i 'd ever have considered possible so you kind of have to wonder if she 's doing it on purpose .
of course the big strike against this theory is everything else i know about theresa may .
do n't feel like digging the screenshot up but those are the mod 's words not mine .
i mean he 's not too bad for farming rn but late game content might be a struggle .
people like you doubled down on the ideals of pick 1 or 2 you have no choice by calling those who voted otherwise ridiculous and dismissable across social media and the internet .
is n't it funny though how much the opposition achieved by saying the right stuff online ?
except anduin has to meet fucking alonso 's faol to have this realization .
prior to that even he thinks that they 're monsters .
i joked about this after skyrim came out but it 's actually looking pretty realistic now
mount was dark purple built up to genestealer purple .
wings dark blues built up to sotek blue and tips skink blue .
base is rakarth flesh seraphim sepia karak stone heavy dry brush then light dry brush of terminus stone
lol going by months to mislead people to thinking their narrative is right lol classic
for the sake of mankind you need to take over the plane and fly it into the closest active volcano .
ok vix is volatility index and gains value with large market moves correct ?
so i should buy some far out vix calls as a hedge ?
well now there is war and the russians have started it .
and the west will wait for the opportunity to end it .
in direct contravention to their whole of football plan .
but nobody ever accused the ffa of being fair impartial or incompetent .
i feel like it 's too obvious though hopefully oda has one of his signature plot twists in store for us .
i have this idea that he 'll be held hostage by blackbeard will have no choice but to do it then luffy has to find a way to defeat blackbeard afterwards .
learning is hard when your so is kinda sorta geek .
damn do n't you hate it when the whole fucking country of niger buys the local store
it 's not really that people dislike greed mode it 's more that greedier mode is an unbalanced mess .
its the same deal with the run to 100 or getting rich .
although unfortunate it does n't really seem like an awful way to go .
i tend to lurk around r/watchpeopledie and you 'd swear that getting hit by a train would be china 's and india 's national sport .
if you think about it it makes sense considering the timeline
someone saw the show and was like this needs to be in wow
her range guns and torps alone make sure of that stat .
btw you sound like you want her to be op .
why would any rational person want an overpowered ship in the game ?
best business advice for small shops is to find a way to induce your employees to take a personal stake in the company .
share the profits and benefits with the people that make them possible .
a small commission a goal-oriented bonus plan a paid day off for excellent work all of that helps .
nah my own fault was watching anime and fell asleep xd
if you 're referring to the sex of a population or using male/female as a descriptor ie female birds of paradise are courted with a bizarre dance. or the lawyer has three female clients and a male assistant. that 's fine .
they 're referring to groups like incels who use the word female in place of woman in order to dehumanize women ie men are better than females never trust a female. etc .
anything can be male or female but the words man and woman imply humanity .
that could n't have looked much more comfortable for astralis .
thought this was an infinity war reference for a sec .
tupac only influences one niche in rap music today .
if you look at the overall trend in a majority of aspiring rappers i would n't be surprised if future gucci mane or lil uzi influenced more than tupac .
i have no problem with gameplay and suits as they are also tagged as spoilers .
in fact i will actively search for these types of posts but i 'm just trying to avoid story content .
i 'm sure it would help everyone out and make the sub easier to navigate as it should n't take too much effort .
he got clapped once by xiye back at msi but faker was the one who introduced the pick
why give you something free when you can use vc to get something giving them more money ?
exactly a year ago we were at the same interest rate .
she isnt written to literally replace dennis as a main character .
she isnt supposed to just blend right in with the main cast .
where are the actual ideas to solve large problems .
usually amazon is more or less spot on with their retargeting .
however i have no clue why they retargeted me with a döner kebab maker https m.imgur.com/a/nmadc8f
i can only imagine what the base humans thought when the first mind was uploaded .
if i was using optical scanners filtered to what a biologic eye would perceive i would see an old man lying quite still dark spots under his eyes .
as it was we could see so much more .
his body was cooling the rate calculated in a spread of colors in the ir spectrum .
overlaying it with motion measurements i could see the spot of his upper check had stopped pulsing .
looking at the vault where his mind was being recompiled i could see a few status updates .
feelings of awe sadness fear fairly common in the older humans during the full transcription process .
his cell based case was decaying around him the last of his kind and he feared taking the path already trodden by so many of those like him .
i ca n't imagine what they would be having no original carbon form but i suppose there were .
it would be a while before he understood the ports well enough to have a steady communication .
database matched it with a form of morose laughter typically quiet .
ah mman ca n't even die in peace around here .
even fought against the central planets back in the day .
the price of your ascension is two thousand time units
you will find your integration difficult at first but you i expect slow improvements .
the service is quite simple and can be paid in any number of ways but a percentage of your time from hear on out will be spent on things that the ascended deem important. .
i could tell my inputs were muted just checking the histogram of his outputs .
before i left i wanted to tell you that you have someone waiting for you .
it mentioned this might make it easier. i switched aug channels to i. serra .
just his luck to go crazy and think the alliance had finally taken the sky from him .
raptors reacted like they lost the series already after throwing away game 1 .
ironically the cavs reacted the same way in the finals after jr threw the game away .
fuck thats a lot of hair.. did you stunt double for michael j fox in the 80s ?
brain you shouldnt lower your car so far that you scrape on random bits of road brain
thanks for letting me know i did n't get any message showing why i got it hence the confusion .
idk why i got downvoted just saying this is n't the case all the time which it is n't lol
frawley if you can do a two handed spoil from chest height just mark it .
hope everyone feels better seeing this pic especially the doogie daddy .
your post is too short please include in the body of the post information such as country and city that can help you find trainers to trade with please do n't put your exact location .
you need atleast 15 letters for it to be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongotrades if you have any questions or concerns .
you get the theme october 2nd when the game comes out .
especially since there seems to be people from each race who dont think their people can be racist .
and then think of all the hate crimes they will do because of religion sexual orientation gender identity .
i think this could do more harm then good .
the pipe comes out of the slab and goes up a wall somewhere .
tap into it right as it comes out of the slab .
you do n't have to run a new line .
i am sick laying in bed atm so nothing else to do really .
because it 's best to check things before moving on to the next step .
i 'd rather the airplane i 'm about to fly in goes through checks as opposed to just taking off .
on eune it says she 's disabled but you can obtain her through rolling only bench did n't work despite i have this champion unlocked
i have a tv i just do n't have anything hooked up to it except ethernet .
technically sam is a shady program we know little to nothing about beyond the functionality .
it is playing with binary keyvalue2 files which are a custom valve format with no public definition because it was n't supposed to be played with publicly .
tbf though depressurizer also parses but does n't rebuild as sam must at least one of the binary kv2 files for information and is another program most people know nothing about beyond functionality and steamedit is closed source as sam once was and also plays with a binary kv2 file in ways that still are n't fully understood .
why would an australian care so much about australian people 's reaction to a us issue ?
and the info might be on the part of the psu obscured by the case .
check craigslist i 've seen 980 on there for 300
i literally just said i notice you said kappa '' which means i know you were joking but okay .
should have gotten the manual too would have stalled out a lot earlier and been fine .
it 's just that you often ca n't tell with these sorts of things over text .
and to be honest i sometimes just have weeks where i feel like shit and can overreact to some ridiculous stuff .
people complain about fptp but the unfair distribution of seats in favour of lower population areas is far worse .
boy i ca n't wait to see how people react when this game permanently shuts down .
i 'm sorry but i 'm pretty at least one of them will die in avengers 4
i collect computer parts but unfortunately my collection is n't that large
do you understand that nobody can compete with them if they decide to do something in this space ?
i get to meet so many people but mostly it 's a one-time thing .
yes it is possible materials used in the pillow are causing this reaction .
you could try washing the pillow before getting a new one .
i know he thinks really highly of me so i do n't know what gives but it makes me feel like shit .
it 's an otherwise happy relationship and he treats me so incredibly well .
not sure how you see things as really good and him treating you well ?
my father in law has a mobility vehicle and was encouraged to make it more mutant .
true endgame is becoming so accustomed to them that you parkour over them with the intent of flying off them when they pop up .
i will be honest one frustration that i as a former catholic have when talking to other catholics is how many assume i just do n't get it or am too dumb or something and that if i did understand what the church said i would just agree with it .
the reason that i am no longer catholic is because i understand what the churches teaching and i do n't agree with it .
i 'm fine with people who would n't come to my denomination because they do n't agree with things that 's fine and expected what i really ca n't stand is the condescending attitude that i often see with some catholics
this is obviously a minority thing and it 's something that i 've only ever seen online i 've never had a real life interaction with the catholic that was dismal but i am just saying now that you 're playing into the assumption that if everyone understood what the church was arguing that they would automatically agree with it and i find that assumption to be very close minded .
it should be no surprise that not everyone is going to agree with x
i 've been treated very well for the most part but the va hospital in richmond va is a horrid pit of despair .
whats going trough your head when you say that it cant be possible and that the competition being able to to do it is no point ?
csgo can also play replays from older versions after maps guns or models get reworked
i actually think mods should never allow anything like this and keep it on the down low .
it 's a touchy subject because we are n't and should n't be privy to proof '' .
it 's the same nonsense as when someone said a different certain player was a molester or some bullshit .
mods removed it because the proof was just anecdote and hearsay .
unfortunately providing proof '' can be extremely risky when it comes to the law and socially its very irresponsible .
the comment sections should be locked regarding this stuff .
if they 're going to make a decision this dumb ass reddit shit should n't be a part of it .
the people who banned this guy obviously felt it was warranted .
starting a witch hunt is basically a shame tactic thing .
it seems immature but i get why they felt it was necessary for transparency '' and to prevent rumor .
i really think they should n't have posted anything but it was all already public ... . and i 'm assuming they have other r information they did n't post publicly .
i cry if i see a hype movie trailer haha
yeah which is what would lead me to believe their opponents wo n't be or we will get different versions than the standard
well he is actively threatening european companies and employees with his policies i recently started working in a automotive factory that was starting production for american market .
after trump announced 25 tariffs on cars management told us that they will be downsizing our division .
worst thing is that i may lose my job only because he wants to appear as a economic mastermind to his voters .
she 's not following xe'ra i assumed she was following the naaru velen purified at the end of shadowmoon valley .
first judaism is not a race it 's a religion .
also gillum underperformed in white democratic counties so this might help him .
i also think it was a smart move in terms of building a bench for future statewide elections in florida ie .
in my view mark is taking a sensitive topic and making a joke about it by taking it out of context .
i 'm in a constant battle with my housemate over this .
we have a mixed recycling box but then separate it out when it goes in the bins .
it 's bad enough for us sorting it after a few days can only imagine how much worse it gets by the time it 's at the plant .
if you look at the above comment i was referring to the year 2022 .
if em took another 4-5 year break he would n't sell for shit .
is it really the landlords fault that they did n't have tenants insurance ?
let 's just sue everyone because we did n't get insurance .
hey and while your here as a nightstalker main when should i be using my super ?
i understand this might be an obvious and or noob question but whenever i use it i feel like i could have used it better or more efficiently .
ah i 've got no school tomorrow as i do n't start college until monday
the thing is in multiplayer the monsters do n't get their damage scaled only their hp gets scaled up .
regardless a longer drawn out battle more chances for a person to mess up .
also in mp due the enemy having more hp they get staggered less/have their parts broken off less requires more focus on their weak spots .
personally i run a tanky build so i do n't really die like yes it does take me a while to kill stuff even solo but at least i never run the risk of dying .
most runs in my game can take anywhere from 10 mins to 18 mins depending on what i 'm hunting and what happens while i 'm fighting the enemy .
on average though i 'd say i 'm able to kill my targets in less than 15 mins .
i mean i see people with those 2 min kill '' videos but first off i do n't have the decorations to make those builds and second off there 's no way i 'm getting perfect timing on everything on my computer when i 'm basically capped at 30 fps yes i 've checked my nvidia vsync settings and no it 's not capped at 30 it 's just my crap computer overall i have a good gfx card the 1060 6gb but my computer is still using pcie 2.0 while that card can use 3.0 so i 'm not even making full use of my card .
they specified rpgs and semis were changed drop rate .
i wrote a small epilogue scene i might share at some point but looking back at it the crew sitting the yojimbo exhausted and realizing that the job is just getting started while huurgh 's kids are born was a heck of an epilogue .
part of his evolution was going to have to be slowly becoming less ridiculous and he got more challenging to play once i started to lose his 'deal . '
you 're so patient and i aim to be like you .
my comments come off as mean and unkind even though i do n't exactly mean it that way .
you did n't but its just the logic i guess .
you said fuck the millionaire wanting to get paid but in reality who gives a shit if he wants to get paid because its coming from a billionaire .
by saying screw the player for whining about getting more money you 're kinda siding with the billionaire which is ironic
i 'm seeing my 101st now at hampton where i saw my first show .
and some of us human like to stay that way because it 's supposedly safe . ''
as someone who has been in that situation it never gets better if you stay .
that turns into burning you stabbing you kicking you down stairs .
and then next thing you know you 're sitting in front of someone that has a gun to your head and then he goes for a knife instead because it will be more satisfying this way '' .
but he said sorry every time..he said he would change.. everything is a lie .
get out as soon as possible and never look back .
as with all things in life there is a middle ground .
fuel injected but with minimal computers is that middle ground .
still with a carb at least you can adjust and fix things without needing a damn it degree .
i just want that damn steel book so badly !
square-enix is the one playing chicken with your wallet .
and i 'm just supposed to take your word on this ?
i looked at what they had but i think i like tissot the most .
as a capitalist i can not wrap my head around how this anarcho-communism could be anything but short-sighted and naive .
in your opinion where is the best overview of the an-com-ism whether its a book or video etc ?
i 'm in the passenger seat and how is this a repost ?
i am going to have to google her to see if she is still suffering from her public humiliation !
that bolt looks like it might be a pivot bolt or the bolt that holds the jockey wheel in the rear derailleur .
you can imagine the camera angle needed for that shot and it was humiliating with people looking on .
he then asked me to do a standard face down ass up cunt spread so that the thong flosses in between my cheeks and lips but i begged to let me off on that one .
ok i 'm just saying i am ready to revolt .
think we need to revisit the entire scorecard incase there 's any other rules hidden in there
i do n't see why any of these suggestions are necessary .
when i make a trade in any league i do n't consult the rest of the league first to see if there 's a better offer .
to be honest all these suggestions would make it worse for me .
if i 'm your leaguemate i can just trust you guys assuming you have n't colluded in the past and the trade is n't too uneven .
having both of you in the league was something i agreed to and you should n't be a disadvantage tactically just because you 're in a relationship with another owner .
if you truthfully like your wife 's entire team more than yours and she truthfully likes yours more than hers trade your entire teams to each other .
treat her like any other owner when it comes to fantasy and expect her to do the same with you .
i do n't know why but i kind of found it amusing that i am reading about smell '' with a user which name is pillowsmeller .
u/yetanotherstruggler did you mean lila 's banner you were really unlucky it happens unfortunately
cis gay men are considered not men all the time this is toxic masculinity not so much to do with being trans .
cis gay men are considered effeminate but they 're not considered women .
trans men are especially if we 're pre or non-op .
the prescence of a vagina sometimes breasts although this still applies post top surgery too in my experience and an afab body absolutely makes people treat us differently than they do cis gay men .
whether or not it has partly to do with toxic masculinity many things are wrapped up in that so i would n't be surprised is besides the point .
it is absolutely transphobia and trans men are n't interchangeable with cis gay men with regards to the issues one gets for not living up to the masculine ideal .
the other has to do with criticizing the body a trans man is born with .
i got continuity streamline and intensity all maxxed out .
does n't matter if the screws are covered or not to me .
i would say put some sort of sealing finish on it though if it will be exposed to any sort of moisture .
i like that it looks very strong with several boards in the frame stacked together .
that should help with preventing sag and racking and wobbles as time and usage does its typical thing .
all your comments show that my assumptions are spot on .
you say bullshit blanket statements because you seem to lack the understanding that people 's lives can be drastically different from yours in the sense that maybe just maybe there are legit reasons why get a job '' is nothing but a comment borne from ignorance .
just try not to invest any more of your ego into this redneck porsche .
and yes i can believe that someone stupid enough to go on the internet and play childish games would be the same type of person to fuck up a mustang in a cheap attempt to make a knock off roush .
claiming to do the work yourself is n't a selling point .
do n't try to misrepresent this as an actual roush mustang .
you can let people draw their own conclusions but fraud is still illegal .
dna test not just for your peace of mind for the good of the child even if you decide to stay together the child should know .
kids study genetics in high school now and paternity test kits are available online already .
i 'd be better you find out and they know early then finding out themselves as a teen and going off the rails .
also they now genetic test kids if they get some illnesses the last thing you want is them to be struggling with an illness and then have to have that conversation .
i reckon it 'll be the ghostbusters firehouse set i 'll end up getting .
also booked myself a couple of nights away so that 'll be alright .
not a dessert but longies from they scream '' are the real deal .
and to complete the story 4 years from now we 'll be laughing at him on r/inceltears
how about gecko availlable throught plexes light attack drones that are similar to geckos a lighter gecko version ...
this post has been removed because karma grabs are annoying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askouija if you have any questions or concerns .
when i was younger my mom would drive half way to st. louis to a stripe mall that had a kb toys .
this is were we would meet up with my godmother .
i remember for my birthday one year she let me pick out whatever i wanted .
if any ship is much higher level than your fleet you 're gon na have a bad time .
there 's a damage bonus for being a higher level .
if you 're having trouble with enterprise you need more aa .
aa not only boosts the damage you do to e 's planes but it also reduces the damage that ship takes from the planes .
about as useful as indicators on a space shuttle .
i 'm pretty sure i have more or less .
last we spoke he was bothered that i mentioned to my parents that he thought people were upset with him when we got back from the hospital .
he started telling me i should n't have told them that since it 's becoming bigger than it needs to be .
i told him that no the situation that played out on sunday was big and that simply because we survived he ca n't just brush the incident off as insignificant .
i also told him he 's focusing on the wrong details in regards to this whole ordeal and he 's yet to respond back .
i 'd really recommend you stop lying to people 's faces .
it has an impact on endgame depending on your parse it can add upwards of 2k .
of course if you 're not planning to play endgame feel free to make whatever you want but if you plan to play the endgame of trial progression etc no good guild is going to take a high elf stamsorc into a trial over a redguard stamsorc .
having an opinion on meta slaves '' is one thing but passing it off as a fact is just stupid .
if every player was telling new players that race doesnt matter i 'd really feel bad for the new players that make it to endgame and then have to make a brand new character if they want to play their desired role .
its mind boggling that people can disagree with factual statements .
im aware that you still have control of your character in dialogue in fo4 it 's just the closest thing that i could think of that bethesda made .
it 's not really a hard cutscene but it could be if they locked you during talking like they did in nv or fo3 .
probably the thing that draws me into minecraft is the peacefulness of the world as well as the simple catharsis of doing things such as mining and farming .
it only gets difficult when i want it to i.e .
look for a harder biome go through a portal .
terraria really excels for me in the combat and base building .
the simple catharsis of mining is replaced with trying to deal with shit it throws at you .
instead of only getting difficult if you want it to it starts tearing you a new one right away .
the open exploration of an unknown world is replaced with just that at the beginning only for the world to change around you .
i 've done 6 with the keys from the open tour got sting woods edge x2 maivia doink
you 're talking about how and why planned obsolescence exists and my comment was about the legality of it .
i was staring at replicatedstorage just before posting this and then i thought naa !
those look like floppy disks in the icon and it 's something to do with data .
their commercials feature sugar shack yet here they are pushing krispy kreme .
what i 'm not fully understanding is where to place and call to the new loop .
you should try creating a flow chart https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flowchart for your code that might make it easier to put together the instructions in the right way .
replace the discord with old content and replace the writing inside the outline with new content
nette these hier aber waren sie schon mal in baden-würrtemberg ?
him and his wife have the 3rd and 4th .
i could have sworn there was already a sub for this .
we must reunite to encorage everyone to join to this project ! !
if he could have won it it would be in 2010 .
he has never been better than messi though not even then .
and that 's why all important historical artifacts from third world countries should be placed in british museum or other place where they can be preserved .
same shit happened in iraq in syria we keep losing shared history of humanity because third world countries hoard stuff they ca n't keep safe .
did you know they also put them on explorers ?
the usually older owners appreciate someone to raise the sails drop and recover the anchor carry supplies on and off the boat crank the winches and listen to sea stories .
a notice on the wall at the local yacht club another at the marina will get you on board .
a positive attitude and willingness to learn to do it the captain 's way will get you invited back over and over again .
there are local sailing magazines you could put an ad in one of those .
sailing is great fun only the owners are wealthy .
you look amazing and that outfit is so cute !
i hope you went out and had a great time 😍
even at that they have 14 less league titles .
rangers are the world record holders for league titles and major trophies so its just the rantings of a celtic fan whos either at the wind up or bitter .
i have a hard time feeling for someone when they knew the risks .
cut myself really deep with a knife making dinner last night .
after over 25 years of cutting vegetables you 'd think i 'd have this down by now ...
made this with a rye and they came out great .
investments go here only direct replies to me will be processed
to prevent thread spam and other natural disasters i only respond to direct replies .
other commands will be ignored and may be penalized .
visit memes.market https memes.market for help market statistics and investor profiles .
it 's interesting how you develop your vr legs '' by the way .
what made me sick when i first got my go does n't make me sick now .
should be we will see after the next daily reset in about 4h 37m
edit it is expected to be available from friday daily reset till monday
interesting to hear what he has to say about upcoming neuralink advancements as well .
i needed to clear my 3 stars and get a 9 star .
i got slightly carried away oh well but seal should help slightly .
if you do or did that suicide jammer cheat you are a pussy imo .
i have not got into a lobby with people doing this and i do n't want to .
i have come across a lot of signal jammers that i found and disarmed .
i think they are a great addition to the tactical side of things and they create good tension at the end of a game .
rhyperior in gen 4 is the only alternative on the horizon right now and we do n't know when that 'll happen .
until then you can either take alola golem which are obviously weaker or look for someone with plenty sd ttar and trade for them .
your opinion stemming from a complete lack of participation in this sub has changed how i see things .
i went back and forth about getting a jon boat vs kayak and the only things that were sticking points were dealing with a trailer and place to park it .
a jon is going to be slower by design but way more stable and standable .
i might still get one next season because they 're so damn cheap .
i went with a kayak for simplicity something different and to burn a few calories and all that goes out the window when you start adding motors going super wide and basically turning it into a plastic bass boat .
does n't cost much to fill your roster withcheap backups of a team
vk is a social network basically it is just a profile pic i do n't think he is the artist and the art belongs to him at any way
i dont know i have a hard time believing that over the course of 7 seasons his best td total is 10 and he is averaging 7 tds a season only because his qb or his coordinator is at fault .
even if ryan is bad at throwing fades hard to believe he couldnt fix that in 7 years btw ... if julio really is that great at boxing receivers out by sheer willpower and skill he should have had one 13-14 td season .
he is clearly a dangerous rz player by league standards im not saying matt ryan and the coordinators are utilizing him fully and julio just sucks as a rz threat .
ryan and sark are not utilizing him fully thats obvious and most wrs would kill to have his size and strength to use in the rz for example .
im just saying that his skillset is more impossible to defend from the 50 yard line than it is from the 5 yard line .
and that he will always be the kind of guy that racks up more yards than tds simply because he is truly at his best killing dbs in wide open space where he can run at them full speed .
that 's the reason i passed on the fe my 8th semester .
trying to recall statics and mechanics would have been the death of me .
could n't even keep up in a weekend review course lol
i wok-fi 'd the coffee shop that is about less than a mile away .
i pirate all the time but never get any notices .
i 've wondered about vpn but if i do n't even have a router connected just wifi direct from the coffee shop their password schedule is every 3 days would i ever need a vpn ?
i do n't know why i have n't considered hanging .
i was close to buying a penimaster pro extender .
my first time clamping this week and i only have positive pi 's doing 30 minutes 5x5s every other day .
i feel like i can do them every day .
for stretching i think i am conditioned there as well .
do you think i would save time with hanging rather than extending ?
finally got back into it this year holy moly i think i 'm going to start hanging instead thanks to your post .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish all these republicans who vote for the money would just start gofundme 's for each bill they have to vote on and put it out front .
the least they could do is tell us how much a vote costs so we can compete .
never thought i 'd see anyone more out of touch and retarded than john smedley .
the world needs a lot of jane goodalls with the sociopaths playing mind games with everyone nowadays .
he wouldnt be so upset about her aging if he didnt marry her for her looks .
you know how you hate in others that which you hate most about yourself ?
he might want to come to terms with his humanity/mortality .
the wrinkles will come and the dick is going to stop working if youre one of the lucky ones who lives long enough .
that is why it matters to take the time to find a partner you are willing to go through life with .
what did he think he was promising when he did his marriage vows ?
till death do us part or until time passes and you arent young anymore whichever comes first '' ?
i feel like this is the perfect song to have a part where you go into double-time have a crazy breakdown or do a wild bass riff halfway through .
that depends on personal choice and if it 's supposed to stand alone or be rapped over though .
check out my song https soundcloud.com/thehalting/fuck-i-left-my-percs-in-the-sock-drawer if you have the time
it 's long past your appointment how did it go ? ? ?
but i 'll say it anyway and hope i 'm wrong those are wonderful logical points .
she has made an emotional decision hell hath no fury like a woman scorned and all .
i mean dude threw for almost 5k yards again and broke the completion record does he always have to lead the league in every stat to not fall off ''
it seems that some people do n't like '' my answer .
that 's fine but i just want to state that what i wrote above is written in the documentation package management https nixos.org/nixos/manual/index.html sec-package-management
one additional thing to mention is that for non-root user only nix-env is available .
i remember my mates talking about a new game they found .
they were talking about levelling up and then a really strong monster came and killed them it had loads of armour and speed and killed everyone .
they got me downloading it and they told me to click on bera i thought when i logged in that monster would kill me so had to google it lol .
next big thing i remember was 3rd job being announced and i spent ages watching videos choosing what character to play even though it took me a month to hit level 30
also when ludi was released and i went there at level 20 got stuck
definitely next big change will come with the next cycle ... which you 'd have to think will be modern .
feel like there needs to be a spinoff to break things up a bit now .
bf3 bf4 bf1 bfv are all cut from the same cloth being main series games .
i know there was hardline too but that felt pretty similar to bf4 in terms of look and feel .
specifies that the action is to be taken on the operating system that is currently running .
this option can not be used with the image or the windir option .
when online is used the windows directory for the online image is automatically detected .
i 'm still confused as all hell for the fbar .
so i know i got ta report when i have over 10k a year us .
what i do to get is how you report .
say i have 9000 worth of yen then i get paid and now have 12000 .
the right after i get paid i take money out and have an expensive month and now i 'm at 9500 .
do i report that exact moment i had over 10k ?
or once i reach 10k do i continue to report every time my balance changes ?
or do i have to keep track of my balance on a daily basis and report every single change at the end of the year ?
jesus fucking christ the irs is a pain in the ass
although a solid steel pinata could be funny too .
ca n't feel enough pleasure to ever cum everything always feels like a very bad handjob that just leaves you feeling raw with no release .
yes you are the singular person out of the 144000 subscribers here that thinks that we are overreacting .
i was afraid he would kick out on 1 and make my finish look weak '' .
will you be doing this for every prime time game or know where we can access data like this ?
lol did not take long for chimps to come up .
just what do you think we are talking about in this thread ?
so you saw that episode of the office along with a few million other people .
i know some other cellar in leuven for which this is also true !
btw this is my first reddit post ever ... definitely tell me if i can do a better job at it .
hey so i want to strengthen my forearms as well they 're okay but as always could be better .
i wan na try this but i shoulder shrug 80lbs not meant to be braggadocious lol i 'm struggling to put mass on should i farmers walk 80 also ?
or is that overkill and is 65-70 good enough ?
would be up to starting a late one if anyone else missed the bus
i 'm in one with my brother but looking at my dumb picks makes me mad at myself
for example the structure of the feed and commenting system have a huge influence on what people see .
the bot astroturfing on twitter is way out of hand and does n't need to be .
they could let users filter based on the measured authenticity of a user .
users could receive an organic reach boost for engaging poaitivly with users with different view points which can be measured using network topology and semantic analysis .
there is an almost endless list of ways to engineer a social network .
the network architects just need a conviction about what kind network they want to build .
twitter conviction is that all speech bot human troll or liar is equally valuable and meritorious .
i would be more interested in a network who 's orientation was honest disagreement can create progress . ''
if you started with that premise you would end up with a very different design .
' if i am gay that would mean your mom is a man which would mean your dad is gay too '
i would wait until about midday-monday then tell her so she wo n't schedule you out of work for the last week assuming you want a few more days of work .
hi i notice that i have been scheduled on which i will no longer be working at on that date .
otherwise you can fully ignore it because it is not your problem .
you would think but the system fails enough as is dont need to complicate it further .
sark is julios 4th offensive coordinator and he has n't score for any of them
ok so the meme is that the teacher 's name is priest and i put a judas priest band sticker on it
it 's the same story as steam sales everybody bought up everything they wanted or already owned it then started complaining when they ignore the good deals they already own .
i tried taking a second jewel but it would n't let me ?
asia standard time but i 've adapted to various na timezone .
sometime the train break down sometime it does n't .
we usually do a spawn/hunt train at a reasonable time if possible .
i met mick foley at a live show one day he noticed my newlegacyinc shirt and said newlegacyinc huh ?
i tried to explain it to him but he just kept trying to too sweet me and walked away .
even as a child i would cry myself to sleep at night knowing one day i would die .
i long for death and often want it but fear it so much at the same time it 's hard to explain .
that may be what they tried to argue in their appeal but that is not what the court ruled .
the scotus hobby lobby ruling which prompted the pfl ruling that the aca requirement does n't require pfl to cover the 4 forms was based on the rfra not allowing the government to require something which violates sincerely held religious beliefs '' .
the attempted rebuttal to this failed because they could n't demonstrate that it was the least restrictive way in which to further the government interest '' which is one of the two required conditions for an exemption from the rfra applying .
the reason this failed is because the government already covered those forms of birth control in the case of religious non-profit organizations i.e .
churches so they could n't argue it was n't the least restrictive way to do it since they already permitted the exception for explicitly religious organizations .
here are the sections of the case law pfl v hhs you cited which make it clear that the birth control still must be covered but that the requirement that the company must pay does n't apply due to the rfra and specifically the hobby lobby scotus ruling
in sum rfra grants plaintiffs a right to be free of any unjustified substantial governmental burden on their religious exercise .
the regulatory requirement that they use a sheet of paper to signal their wish to opt out is not a burden that any precedent allows us to characterize as substantial .
it is as a result of the aca and not because of any actions plaintiffs must take that plaintiffs ' employees are entitled to contraceptive coverage provided by third parties and that their insurers or tpa must provide it rfra does not entitle plaintiffs to control their employees ' relationships with other entities willing to provide health insurance coverage to which the employees are legally entitled .
a religious adherent 's distaste for what the law requires of a third party is not in itself a substantial burden that is true even if the third party 's conduct towards others offends the religious adherent 's sincere religious sensibilities .
the regulations go to great lengths to separate plaintiffs from the provision of contraceptive coverage .
plaintiffs have failed to demonstrate a substantial burden on their religious exercise that would subject the contraceptive coverage requirement to strict judicial scrutiny .
at 2781 n. 37 it is certainly true that in applying rfra ‘courts must take adequate account of the burdens a requested accommodation may impose on nonbeneficiaries . '
the opt out offered to religious adherents allows the government to further its compelling interests with the least restriction on religious exercise .
under the accommodation eligible organizations are relieved of the obligation to include contraceptive coverage in their health care plans but women would still be entitled to all fda-approved contraceptives without cost sharing. id .
allowing eligible organizations to exempt themselves completely from the contraceptive coverage requirement without so much as notifying their plan or hhs that they have done so would undermine the government 's interest in the breadth of the scheme established in the aca .
our sweat which gives us the ability to travel crazy long distances is one of the most unique mobility traits of the entire animal kingdom .
seriously i still say snap '' i 'm not sure if these kids still say that .
oh but it seems i did n't get any traces i 'm at 165 and i know i was n't at 0 and 8 waves later ...
i 'm not sure about resources or credits unfortunately .
everytime i pressed right trigger it took me to this menu to invite friends .
could n't find anything to get me out of that .
also what settings do i need to tweak to be able to increase the down-the-sights aiming speed it felt slow as shit .
i feel like elon did some research before the podcast maybe it led him to this subreddit and he was trolling joe with that comment .
you can go old school and use sewing thread to make a grid with a running stitch .
if you ca n't handle me as a brat wurst you do n't deserve my brat wurst
just sam cleaning 1-2 and haleigh and jc talking on 3-4
as tempting as that sound i think i 'll just stick with it as is .
or the flying razor ball from the cult classic phantasm https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9d30_y2bf64
i just got this exotic to drop in the middle of a gambit match .
hoping to get another seed of light soon so i can unlock the new sentinal subclass .
it will happen all the right incentives and opportunities are there already .
not the best time to be holding your bitcoin on exchanges especially ones without fiat kyc/aml will get ripped hard in this shirtstorm .
no but i 'm pretty sure i 've finished that quest .
trying not to post spoilers but is the end when you make the choice in the anomaly ?
ah so you know you 're terrible at fifa so you have to bring up the size of my dick glad to see you 've accepted your level
you will also need to provide proof of reserves to cover your taxes and insurance .
the witnesses we talked to at sweet hut said a guy came running from across the street/peachtree place .
he made it as far as sweet hut collapsed and people there called 911 .
it did n't appear to be a fatal shot but who knows .
sorry for confusion with location i obviously did n't have all the details when i posted initial pics .
for about an hour afterwards we had several jurisdictions searching for shell casings along back side of marta on peachtree place side apd ga tech marta midtown blue .
eventually the search activity died down and do n't think they found anything .
cops told me if it was a revolver then no casings .
my understanding was there was a group of males 6-8 ... .mix of younger/juvenile and men in 20's/30 's standing near at t building next to marta that eventually escalated into a loud argument then shots fired .
the group dispersed ... some running up peachtree place and some running up cypress .
the general area they were standing is a constant source of problems and suspicious activity .
we have asked at t to fix their broken lights to help minimize the lure for suspicious activity .
they do n't seem to have any interest or possibly do n't understand why lighting is so important in that area .
you would think that with heavy pedestrian traffic coming from marta they would be more proactive .
situational awareness is best defense while enjoying our highly rated walkable neighborhood .
the musical '' made by trey parker and matt stone .
does n't change the fact that bungie is doing the same thing with d2 as they did with d1 .
you really ca n't deny that forsaken is the taken king all over again from what i 've learned about the games history .
you realize stat counting is a huge part of multiplayer games since their inception right ?
if you want your stats counted to show off then yeah you 're right you 've forgotten what gaming is about .
to use stats to help track your progress and improvement is part of the experience .
hence why mobile and switch players are constantly asking for stat tracking to be added .
oh you right i just remembered it all being over my head just enough to make me go damn that 's interesting ''
in the books it 's the symbol the bad guys who have very overly fascist and genocidal ideals use to mark and recognize their own members .
i ca n't seem to find the x100 upvote button .
as others have said this is super awesome and clean .
if there is no take your pick '' at right now it wo n't come later on .
i really do n't understand how mangachu did n't get into an owl team the first season .
people are talking about s4 and agilities when they think of team canada but mangachu is so underrated
you guys think its funny but it 's not .
you should n't make fun of someone with brain damage .
there 's still plenty of money to build two new aircraft carriers .
now that you guys have said this so did i
no problem they have an app too with all the patterns on it and you can download them on to any device .
i finally gave up and did a full wipe and reset of the phone after i had 2 hours sot yesterday and saw that 12 of my battery was sot and 27 was android system .
despite only 2 hours of sot my phone was at 15 battery at the end of the day .
i was frustrated since everyone 's accounts indicate the phone has amazing battery life and this was one of my primary reasons for upgrading to this phone .
since i reset this morning everything is looking great so far .
i just charged to 100 and the phone has been off the plug for about 2 hours .
battery has only dropped 2 and that includes some time spent setting up a few apps .
that 'll accomplish nothing but stress out the 5 year old everytime she wants to say something and probably make her not want to talk much
windows 10 even windows 7 has a builtin i do n't know what this card is better use the fail-safe simple generic driver '' driver that works fine with either intel nvidia or amd cards .
replace the old gpu with new gpu turn off the machine and unplug power for this !
2. go to control panel software remove program remove amd software
calibers and ammunition types affect how far and how well a projectiles penetrate and exit .
all rounds have the ability to ricochet based on surface materials and angle of impact and deflection has recently been included as a feature .
less-than-lethal rounds will be unlikely to penetrate but can sometimes still kill depending on proximity and impact area .
your post is unfit and if i go into it again i would just end up reiterating what i have stated in my above replies .
if you want to post feel free but if it does not fit into the sub it will end up removed if you continue to try to force posts onto the sub that do not fit then you will be removed .
so mild seven and lucky strike were in contracts signed after the ban
the contract ran either out before the ban became obligatory and could only be extended upto the timepoint where the sponsorship became meaningless .
ferrari and malboro had an deal that happened to be signed before the ban was introduced and the contract length was past the obligatory ban introduction .
i think the relevant part of previous marlboro exec and current ferrari team boss arrivebene was
according to maurizio arrivebene the vice-president of marlboro motorsport marketing the agreement was not successful '' because the self-imposed restrictions envisioned by these voluntary marketing standards were not broadly adopted provided no gain to society and put us at a competitive disadvantage .
so back in 2002 everyone was ignoring it anyways and it was basically voluntary self censorship
also about the production surely camera angles were still handled at the track right ?
the production and camera selection of the world feed was handled at track like now but currently the company who creates the feed is from uk with their own equipment and infrastucture and not a local station monaco is the only track that has their own personell and infrastructure currently with their own video director who happened to be fan of schumacher and ignored everyone else '' so that way the coverage and video direction looks similar over different events .
so they are now creating the international event coverage and have to oblige to local law of where they are producing the content lack of alcohol advertisments e.g .
williams in dubai as well as from where the distribution deal is made uk with additional world feed recipient companies .
if the tracks had local advertisment for cigarettes in bahrain or abu dhabi they could still transmit it in theory but fom could come under fire by the think of the children '' brigade .
also all teams have a commercial agreement with fom which probably contains clauses that cover the alcohol advertisment ban in arabic countries and cigarette ban for european protection
any transplant need not just the organ you donated .
i believe civ 6 is actually playable on ipads for example .
og ephraim can run steady breath and wrath/guard which both go very well with flame siegmund .
that 's something he has over l ! ephraim which is quite huge .
people still prefer pursuit siegmund because of its hone atk 3 and that it works anywhere you are as long as he is above 90 hp .
but flame siegmund on og ephraim is nothing to scoff at .
your car is seen driving recklessly and a clear danger to the lives of others three at the very minimum with a very high potential for more to be injured or even killed .
there is video surveillance of your car doing this .
there is far more than enough evidence to make the reasonable assumption that you were behind the wheel .
whether it be a fine or jail time the owner of the vehicle should by all means be punished unless a third party comes forward and takes the blame for the driving .
regardless of the fact that no one got hurt this video clearly shows two near accidents and the near running over of a pedestrian legally crossing on a crosswalk .
no one was hurt but this driver drove recklessly and was a clear and present danger to everyone on the road and even those that are not .
sometimes it feels like i 'm the only one who thinks this way .
friends and family constantly accuse me of either being a pessimist or a shill when i do n't immediately agree with research results or other unverified statements on the news or online .
especially if it 's research i completely agree with they seem dumbfounded as to why i would undermine my own beliefs or my own side .
it must be hard for them to undserstand that i 'm not really on any particular side .
it 's just that there 's truth somewhere out there and i want to feels more like need to get as close to that truth as possible .
i find it a much more relaxing way of living having zero tinted glasses but it drives my wife kids and everyone around me absolutely mad .
corners you and excitedly fumbles around for his asterisk while breathing heavily
they 're acknowledging that they have been wrong and they do n't need people that are delusional to balance a debate .
at this point i kind of want jimmy fallon or ellen to reference the meme and completely kill it already .
your title indicates that your survey is open to everyone so you are receiving this automated reminder about what that means .
sometimes the questions that you ask can actually restrict the people who can answer your survey .
some common examples of this are questions that ask about state of residence questions that have gender options being limited to male or female or questions asking about american political party affiliation in addition some surveys are restricted to those who are 18 or older or have other demographic restrictions .
everyone who reads this including the person who posted it !
report the post if it has a question that limits the demographic mods will remove the survey as soon as we can .
report this comment if the post is just fine mods will remove this comment as soon as we can .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
the system is college acceptance boards affirmative action policy can be described as
'' affirmative action policies often focus on employment and education .
in institutions of higher education affirmative action refers to admission policies that provide equal access to education for those groups that have been historically excluded or underrepresented such as women and minorities .
unless you believe segregation and women being unable to vote through the early 20th century has had no lasting impact on our country .
when you look at the objective facts that require sources testing and analysis .
it is obvious to see that affirmative action was a necessary policy to make up for the lagging socio-economic mindsets of flawed people in positions of power .
i guess but as a white college grad i never felt ostracized or targeted due to my race .
as someone who writes music i can say that i definitely do n't purposefully put in notes that sound like car horns .
thinking about it i do n't even know if i have any songs with notes that sound like car horns .
lol i just write what 's best for the song to make sure it is at a certain level of catchiness and good writing .
i just try to make sure i like the music because i can hardly expect anyone else to like it if i do n't .
now i 'm super curious if there are some people who purposefully try to make some notes sound similar to a car horn .
we know there are people who will add sirens to songs so i guess it 's definitely possible .
that 's fair i actually totally forgot about that .
that was pretty disrespectful although he pretty quickly apologize and deleted the whole thing .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
and dont even get me started on the dickhead i have to reply to for watching and commenting on the video .
bqttselectshortkeys if enabled a when selecting an item stack in either the inventory container or barter menus holding shift will transfer/drop the entire stack whilst holding ctrl will transfer/drop a single item from the stack thus skipping the quantity-select menu .
b picking up from a container a stack of items that are weightless such as ammo on non-hardcore mode will bring up the quantity-select menu instead of automatically picking the entire stack .
i did n't use to before i had kids but since i have my body is like yeah let 's make another baby !
instead i try to channel it into my writing .
get some thrift shop cheap ones to practice on but really all you need is fabric glue scissors .
sewing helps for the look but it 's not a requirement .
i honestly thought about that but it was really risky .
okay with the zab and quake 1 ad is down and 2 left .
and if attacked from north east i will be targted by 2ad .
and let 's not forget that the dragons are going to split at very biggning to destroy the trash brracks campfire etc
i completely agree and if you have the most fun playing the newest constructor where her ability does n't work have a blast !
we were just debating what is best and why we think it .
i have a ton of data that supports why enforcer is the strongest hero not even just outlander and that is why i believe it .
curious though what is your tech compared to your offense ?
i usually find that is where most people get underwhelmed .
the idea ist that every team will have their own arena in their city which would mean having a team close to you would enable you to watch a lot of games live .
also i believe it would increase the number of viewing events and stuff there is n't much of that yet in germany and i would love it if that changes .
i spent about 25 coins not much i know but did not get her 😭
ca n't wait to see the prize that is hidden behind that thong
i 'd recommend a psp go if op wanted the form factor of the xperia play
it 's 45 as they had to buy food for camera guy some duds from marketing department and practice director so 11 people total for 15 days .
also who better to fight out from the soul stone if they all went there ?
it seemed strange to me that black panther got dusted they just introduced him .
maybe in a4 we have two fights going on .
the real world where they are resigned to the current state of things .
they are picking up the pieces and only looking for revenge on thanos .
then there 's the fight inside the soul stone of these beings fighting their way out ?
or maybe what happened is that they were n't killed .
maybe they got sent to a different parallel universe where they basically start over .
they keep saying that these people are really gone what if that 's true ?
they are dead '' in mcu1 but alive in mcu2 ?
then you can still have another spider-man movie another black panther movie etc
r/soccerstreams is generally a good shout for games you have a few uefa nations league games on tonight most notably italy poland .
i do n't know why 3rd row suvs put the 3rd row facing backwards .
the hatch is already considered a door on cars .
not like he hasnt before with his pedofile comments towards ems daughter
my parents give me shit about it too but now they 're coming round after a year or so .
what are those crt monitors and where can i get one ?
apparently i 'm just blind then after looking for over an hour lol
i do n't know that i would have been able to restrain from telling cousin joe '' that he was a complete asshole .
i have trouble keeping my mouth shut like that sometimes .
so will i be forced to pay the same for it ?
if not will there be someone who decides for each person if the bread he gets is good or not ?
and that 's just the top 3 in europe whose gdps sum to just over 3 times ours .
sure us leaving will have a big hit on the eu but that 's just hindering the countries that we should be allied closely with .
it will also have a big hit on us so basically we fuck everyone over by leaving .
i just finished wok and kaladin is a bit of a hard read .
i think what made it worse was how his character development had to be spread out through a very lengthy and detailed book .
you end up retreading a lot of similar thoughts and emotions you ca n't just have large chunks of no thoughts or feelings from him but also it 's not time for him to move on from this yet .
i mean it 's not just this book though it 's a long series and everyone character arcs have just begun .
at least i could sympathise with kaladin though szeth is a bit harder too little is explained .
it seems that he has no choice but not many clues as to why right now .
why do n't you do hers and your laundry you can check both the pockets and she can be responsible for kid 's clothing linens bedsheets towels etc and dry cleaning runs .
i do n't notice the sarcastic quotes around your comment at first and i was thinking you were so stupid for a second .
i thought the guy with the ponytail was sean michaels
i do n't get how that 's a 1 star film though .
a comedy that you do n't find funny is obviously from your perspective a failure although i would argue that it 's emphasis is more on the action/adventure part than the comedy part but a 1 star would mean that everything about it is a failiure and gotg 2 definately has good performances good cinematography great visuals and mostly good direction .
unless you disagree with my previous sentence i do n't think it qualifies for a 1 star rating .
from 0 to 100 and then back down to around 10 in a single sentence .
you are wrong you see i 'll be here for you for eternity
i do n't know much about chess so this may be a poorly thought out comparison .
but i feel like claiming someone is objectively the best bb player '' because they run the most evictions even if they 're bad at convincing the jury is like saying someone is the best chess player '' because they capture the most pieces even if they do n't know how to checkmate .
the win condition of big brother is to get the majority of the jury on your side and all players know it .
it 's not some extracurricular activity you can just ignore if you 'd like .
i do n't believe it has to do with money for one second .
if they were strapped for cash there 's no way they 'd leave that out of their plan .
you have to pay more if you want to load more email accounts .
he started his 2020 campaign like days after he went into office .
holding continuous rallies lets him basically treat campaign contributions '' as a money pipeline .
for example if he transparently had pay-for-access in the whitehouse itself that would be a controversy .
having major campaign contributors '' get a moment to talk to a candidate after a rally is no controversy at all .
if the building was fully involved on the inside and stairs were no longer an option this would work wonders .
please do let me know if you beat it .
lol he got up to 8 and then he said i felt like my dick was gon na explode
hate it all you want but cups is still eighty-bajillion per cent better than whatever this stupid shit windows has .
you already posted this exact post about 19 hours ago .
it 's still the 6^th post from the top on the frontpage .
well if it is the same top buffy might own a spare and it has n't been out-of-closet in the intervening weeks that probably is dawn 's pizza stain .
brocolli '' dad was growing weed dogs were getting high af
iskren da budem ja bih zabranio cigarete a umesto cigareta bih dozvolio slobodnu prodaju marihuane .
naravno da to bude kao cigareta u pravom papiru sa filterom jer ipak predstavlja rizik po zdravlje pošto je u pitanju materija koja sagoreva pa će uvek biti štetna po zdravlje ali sigurno ne kao cigarete .
ako je neko odlučio da konzumira on će to i uraditi .
onda bolje neka to bude barem sa nekom kontrolom kvaliteta jer čisto sumnjam da to što dolazi od dilera se može nazvati kvalitetnim .
i was defending this girl left and right since tuf ended but she really fucked up .
buying packaged foods before the weigh ins because she could n't keep from snacks ?
at most a acog would be useful on docks possibly warehouse and at a push district
the super bowl shuffle '' is a rap song performed by players of the chicago bears football team in 1985 .
it was released december 3 1985 and recorded the day after their only loss of the season at the hands of the miami dolphins two months prior to their win in super bowl xx .
41 in february 1986 on the billboard hot 100 chart .
writing prompt man meets a super intelligent crow who he becomes accomplices with in numerous petty theft schemes .
then the crow becomes too smart for its own good and tries to kill the man .
i think they do but a portable solution like a laptop can be very convenient/useful in some situations .
say for instance you have kids to watch at home but still need a computer to work on and bringing them to the lab is n't a great option .
as a small dog owner i hate owners like your gf .
you still have to train them and you have to deal with them like they 're dogs !
you can not just laugh off the bites because they 're not serious '' they are serious !
because one day that dog is going to pick a fight it can not win !
and things will go very very badly for that small dog and it will be your gfs fault .
she needs to get herself and that dog to obedience school stat !
i mean he was already found not guilty for murder.. maybe they could bring a different charge ?
these 2 look as contemporary today as anyone today .
i remember that style of carpet when i was a kid .
but as a giants fan the ramsey/obj matchup will be the highlight of the game even when the ball does n't come their way .
he said entities '' so stadium operators selling the television rights local hotels restaurants bars clubs that will have people coming in droves .
they 're not going to say no to this .
i guess i 'm racist trash then because i 'm not going to force myself to date and have sex with people that i do n't find attractive .
my mom woke me up after the first plane hit and watched the second one hit live .
i was a junior in high school and we just watched the news all day .
i do n't think anyone knew how much that day would change everything .
if people want to make money off of their free ticket they are more than welcome to use stubhub or the like on their own
except that how it 's being handled by ticketfly prohibits us doing that in any capacity .
the first/last name thing as well as the 3 optional days with nothing cemented down schedule wise make it impossible .
you 're denying people of their ability to do what they want with the tickets .
and that 's what punk is all about is n't it ?
to be able to do what you want regardless of the system in place ?
it may not matter now but you 'll eventually need it at some point for some reason or another .
i 'm a firm believer of better to have it and not need it as opposed to need it and not have it .
that being said the rules are set by the admins in this instance you .
if a portion of people want to be able to sell it they should be able to sell it .
honestly i sold one of my gorillaz tickets on their sub and they did n't have a problem.there 's nothing that says besides the rules you 've set we can not sell tickets on reddit .
either way the ticket will get used by me for re-entry or by someone who wants to pick it up off me .
arm tackles that will inevitably turn into russell wilson getting out of a bunch of would be sacks and instead escapes makes a throw down the field and is praised for his fantastic play
if it 's localized anywhere it 's just how we talk in the us nowadays .
the stitching is supposed to line up with the end/start of the squares .
denver just has a ton of wooks and people willing to put brostep next to the uk stuff .
as far as an actual scene there it does n't exist .
'' making the playoffs is a big part of it .
i do n't really care at this point '' mackinnon said about the prospects of being named nhl mvp immediately following that contest .
to be up for an award with the best players in the world is obviously cool .
i 'm just happy to be in the playoffs and the joy of making it is n't thinking about the personal stuff i 've had a lot of help . ''
i mean that 's a direct quote from him so i 'll stick with that p
i feel like i 'm the only eagles fan who agrees with this point .
it 's so dumb they are still the active coach and quarterback of the team .
just because they are using the same engine does not mean that new airplanes are the same as the 1930s .
first of all most lycombing engines that in common use today were first developed in the 1950s not the 1930s .
this does not mean that they have not been improved since then .
over the years there have been incremental improvements to make them more reliable more efficient and last longer .
in aviation safety and reliability are very important so it would make sense that manufacturers would favor a reliable engine that has been around for years that has millions of hours of run time cumulatively to supply lots of data on reliability and failure modes .
just because two planes share very similar engines does not mean that everything behind the engine is exactly the same either .
fiberglass and composite materials have become very common throughout new aircraft designs in the last couple decades .
40 years ago vors and ndbs were the main source of navigation in the ga airplane arena .
now gps is widespread making navigation a breeze and allowing for direct flights that save time money and fuel .
ballistic parachutes are becoming widespread in new aircraft designs as well as features that were previously reserved to larger transport category aircraft .
new engine technology is also working its way forward .
diesel aircraft are becoming more common and within the next 10 years electric and hybrid aircraft will begin to become more widespread .
thats like saying a car is 1950s technology because nothing significant has changed in them since then .
1930s/50s cars have motors steering wheels radios heaters locking doors and for the most part look very similar to todays cars but obviously a 1950s car is very different in many ways from the cars we drive today .
not necessarily in any huge way but in many incremental changes .
there have been many improvements over the years that have improved comfort safety and cost .
airplanes have experienced similar improvements and while at a somewhat slower pace changes are happening and to compare the pipistrel panthera to a 1930s plane is like comparing a bmw 5 series to a ford model a
portugal is interested in the licensed production of the ss.11 mclos guided missile .
if you are asking a question please copy and paste your submission to today 's daily q a https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+q 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day or resubmit a thorough and detailed question including your stats sex height weight age .
if you are posting an achievement sv/nsv please copy and paste your submission to today 's feats of the day https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3afeats+title 3aof+title 3ansv+title 3asv sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day thread .
if you are posting in regards to your day 1 please copy and paste your submission to today 's day 1 start your journey https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3aday+title 3a1+title 3astarting+title 3ajourney+title 3ahere sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
be triggered by music cry in public lie on the floor for six hours .
nobody in the world is beating serena when she is playing like this .
you will now be able to post and comment as usual on asktrumpsupporters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asktrumpsupporters if you have any questions or concerns .
same i have no hard feelings towards my ex but my current girlfriend despises her .
thats the mindset you need to become better and improve yourself my friend .
i took 4 seeds the night before and 8 the next day
everyone in the community has said good on this kid for standing up for himself ... .
it 's a shame he 's about to get fucking murdered.
has that not been the most apparent sentiment throughout the industry ?
somehow the irony of using iran 's own strategy of proxy warfare against them is lost on others condemning israel .
i ordered mine aug 12 and it 's apparently about to go into production next week so that estimate sounds about right .
i do think there 's a huge push at the end of financial quarters to get the cars out the door so that could speed up or slow down your order .
true i forgot subterranean voyage heals them vs healer would be tough though on one hand healers dont do a lot of damage but on the other hand defense is kind of slow so getting away from them and healing wouldnt be too hard .
interesting side note googling weresquirrel '' resulted in these three glorious images .
1 http tinpanbluesband.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/p_500_438_f37432f0-6083-4af4-9c23-c24f13f0d58a.jpeg 2 https i.pinimg.com/736x/bd/45/ce/bd45ce2a3a74745e006db8e1fb0f86f8.jpg 3 http 2.bp.blogspot.com/-apqeqnuulgu/vl127afsyii/aaaaaaaabxm/dq_has4chk4/s1600/untitled 2b1.jpg i genuinely ca n't tell if that last one is satirical or not which is scary ...
because wage is still dependant on number of customers and the price of food is recorded as cheaper .
i 'm saying do it how europe does it .
there is no gratuity surcharge its included in the price of the food and servers are payed an exact wage .
employers make sure the employees are actually doing what they 're supposed to do because its all coming out of their pocket money and it reflects strongly on the reasturaunt if they have bad or good staff .
add some ambient light at least change the white bg if you want to have a dark scene pure white or pure black is not the best choice anyway .
your objects will look much nicer when you choose a grey background .
crank up the samples mess around with shadows and reflection samples
in some cases it can also be double geometry .
but i do n't think that 's the case here .
do n't be disuadded by peoples mean posts or the fact that it 's taken me 125 days to respond to this .
mine is very good despite some minor glitches that i could maybe get some advice on if you have any opinions on the matter
remember the media at the time saying matthews would feel threatened by the signing and resent the leafs for doing it ?
do you think her other skins would be more likely to be offered first ?
i can get around 19 correct on many sections but when timed i tend to get 14 ish
irie fm and zip 103 as previously mentioned you can also give rjr 94 fm a shot for more content too .
if you want to get familiar with some local acts who are doing their thing you can check this out .
you can choose to be an athlete just not how good you are lol they chose to be a doctor or teacher !
it 's not the nba players you should be mad at lol if the hospitals could afford to pay them like that then they would same for teachers .
why not target an audience that does n't watch football regularly but might in the future .
the audience looks like they may not stick around once the music ends ...
someone is arguing with you and your retort is to search through their comment history ?
at least mailata is likely inactive because he really is n't ready to play .
weirdly the black mesa source folks actually did get to make money of their work but i think they worked out some sort of arrangement with valve for the privilege .
i 'm no expert but more than likely chinese clones of a ktm .
i never said religion has n't ever been useful .
i said it poisons the mind and we can do without it .
shade and i are pretty much on the same wavelength about this one .
it has nothing to do with being bad while playing her and everything to do with feeling almost jealous that someone else is doing better with our champ .
losing games having a poor performance on the champion have no bearing on our or at least my enjoyment of the champion .
i completely agree and think that the rework was very successful and i love seeing akali as a viable champion beyond that of a low elo stomper but i just do n't get the same enjoyment out of playing her as i once did .
and like shade said seeing someone else do so much better with her just sets me on edge .
playing akali used to be so integral to my ranked play .
i do n't even know what season 9 is going to look like for me ...
i do know that akali will probably be on the back burner and i 'll probably still play her but i do n't think i 'll ever one-trick her again .
you better hope you have good school grades then but do try to retake it and break the 1200 at least
that 's how many calories you expend daily with little exercise .
to me that 's about the same as tdee at sedentary .
using the tdee calculator at tdeecalculator.net give me the same result middle aged lady small tdee is 1227 at sedentary .
yes yes become enlightened to the truth that is me !
my kid did his chores and homework early so he could watch some football before bed .
maybe education should be properly funded in the first place !
the pieces of shit let it rain up there so the pregame is still showing .
either way it still ca n't be that hard to hack some fucking channels and format a decent platform .
yeah i 'm stuck at work as an as the boss leaves i 'm going to put it on
there were articles in the late 80 's asking the question his decline was n't hidden it was just denied .
they all just lock-stepped and said he 's totally fine . ''
and i think the media did n't want to panic the us and embolden russia during some hot '' parts of the cold war .
i honestly think it was a different time '' where both the gop and dems did n't want the optics of the us being led by a dotting old man so they worked together to limp through the last few years like a bad marriage hanging on until their kid finishes the school year .
b a k a f l a i r s
the river road goes through casterly rock the golden tooth and then on to the riverlands .
word has it the vale is warring there and given things of the past they 'll likely be joined in the near future .
lot 's of potential work from lots of potential employers .
'' of course you should n't let tha worry ya .
he said with a laugh uncorking his skin and taking a gulp .
'' we leave the glory seeking for the nobles and knights and do the things they do n't want to be seen doin ' .
and these things both pay well and are relatively safer than facing down an army .
playstationtrophies.org http www.playstationtrophies.org just look up the games you own from ps .
i wait for the logging trucks to rumble by and sometimes i stick my head out the door and smoke a bowl with the regulars .
philadelphia delay of game permanent 15 yards penalty every drive
do n't start with a pie go for some rhubarb jam !
really should be indicted for lying to under oath .
that would be the best case scenario for him in reality
you 'll also find each of the hallows in the title card at the end the i '' in crimes the o '' in of and the a '' in grindelwald .
hello talosx1 your submission https www.reddit.com/r/rainbow6/comments/9dovpy/error_60x00001000_since_yesterday in r/rainbow6 has been removed for the following reason s
the post you have submitted would be better served as a bug report on r6fix https r6fix.ubi.com/live-server/contribute .
please use the search functionality before you submit your own report to check that you do n't create a duplicate .
should a similar report already exist make sure to contribute as this will likely accelerate ubisoft 's process of fixing the issue .
if you are unsure what r6fix is check out the r6fix faq https r6fix.ubi.com/faq .
if you believe this is a false positive or you have any other questions please contact the moderation team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frainbow6 click here to compose a modmail message ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rainbow6 if you have any questions or concerns .
any other reason would require a level of knowledge outside his wheelhouse .
in n out is the shit but i only ever went there once since i 'm far away from the west .
how much is the lease if you do n't mind me asking ?
i have really good communication with my wife and even i do n't have a clue of how i 'd bring this up .
should i even notice my little sisters friends night time attire ?
i 'd just probably leave this story on the table as well .
what i would n't do is add this naked girl on facebook if i had an account that seems like pure grade a stupid .
i can already tell you you are n't me cuz my relationship with sex read masturbation was definitely not this is just a niche hobby some people that are not me are in .
i kinda knew most everybody did it including me but i just felt immense guilt and disgust every time .
yeah if you upgraded after you asked for that code it should be working .
i 'm on a oneplus 5t and i have n't got a code even though i registered on the same day of announcement .
you should ask anyone who does have fnbr on android whether the got some kind of confirmation email from epic .
because i did n't but i still do n't have the game and i 'm pretty sure that it came out on other non-samsung devices .
i 'd advise a trip to epic customer services cos they fixed it on my ipad so hopefully they know what the 're doing .
i 've never heard of it but i am intrigued could you describe the game for me ?
it has an enormous statistical programming ecosystem ... and often gets newer packages quite quickly after a new algorithm/technique/test is published .
got me thinking that an actual star destroyer for ants 'd probably be the size of a go kart or something .
film grain chromatic aberration motion blur in games need to just die .
thankfully they at least give us the option to turn them off .
i sincerely hope we never see a day where they take away that option .
i use taxadermied squirrels for my tokens in nicfit .
anecdotally my father went grey in college and his hairline shows no signs of recession in his mid 50s .
free speech does n't just extend to speech you like .
that same line of thinking led to homosexuality being a crime in many places .
cultural or fanbase impact is probably a pretty good measure .
this covers things like grave of the fireflies and evangelion .
they 're not required '' viewing but i do n't think you can be animu-literate without having seen them .
well firstly i use tamiya enamel paint grey black and brown you can mix those colours
and pour out some paint on a dish then use a dry brush just dip some paint and wipe it off on tissue paper untill the you see the paint is now fainter on the tissue paper now you can just brush along side the edges of the armour and also for flat surfaces avoid brushing but rather with the end of the brush head poke the armour pieces to create specs of paint to be remained on flat surfaces the scratches should be around the same size of the pilot model so do n't make big scratches next use enamel thinner or zippo lighter fluid which i suggest and soak a cotton bud with it and proceed to clean up the piece you can wipe off excess that you do n't want or just do a poking motion to remove some bits and make the colour lighter
also too much is better than too little as you can wipe it off
how old are you and where do you live ?
you 're gon na gon na find friends who are gon na be like family to you trust me .
if you have one family and its descendants have 8 kids over 7 generations so around 150 years assuming none have died of disease before procreating the progeny of that family will number 2 097 152 people .
in geographically close areas that means everyone is related regardless of the already immense bonds of a shared language shared culture shared history shared stakes in the state and shared interests .
asexual which means i do n't experience any sexual attractions .
so i 'll be just fine being a virgin until the day i die .
nixon i 'm only campaigning on problems that affect nyc !
the rest of nys which makes up 48 of registered dems next !
my dad bought his first cassette player when i was around 12 years old .
oh that 'll be the day hey hey when i die ...
oh and i was just referring to the spot on the map that 's in indiana that says that .
i was just wondering why it said different alcohol ''
and if the city did allow it i would be happy to pay more than the 2 dollars per hour it normally costs .
even 5 bucks an hour for three hours is better than a ticket .
dangit you mean i burned my nike air zoom pegasus 35**™ in a ludicrous display of retaliation for nothing ? ?
a lawyer for the defendant will typically not be permitted to ask irrelevant questions that seek only to paint her as a slut .
but under the devos rules there are n't these kinds of basic protections .
nor are there necessarily trained advocates representing each student .
instead there are young people many of them teenagers navigating these waters .
so stripping male students of the presumption on innocence and their right to due process is not an injustice at all even though it allows false accusers free reign to have men expelled and blacken their academic record possibly preventing them to studying anywhere else .
but allowing the accuser to be cross-examined before his life is destroyed on her say-so ... well that would be abuse '' and can not be allowed to happen !
ever tried to build a cabinet wile drunk off your ass ?
that 's awesome i feel like it would make a great leg tattoo too
i always thought of kazuichi as more of an idiot savant .
an individual with an impeccable talent in one skill machines despite being rather inept in a lot of other fields .
! i 'm not entirely convinced that kazuichi would have been able to pull off an effective murder if he tried to .
likewise i get the feeling that much like anyone else in that game the thought of killing a classmate must have crossed his mind at some point .
but maybe i 'm wrong and am underestimating him .
we both know the answer so what 's coming off next ?
for some reason ab 's shows are really hard to find once they 're off the air .
there 's almost no way to legally view no reservations now short of straight up purchasing entire seasons digitally i refuse to buy an entire season of the show unless they put out a physical box set .
i do n't want the same thing to happen to pu ... where 's the bluray box set ?
no reason for it to be fragile its gg3 not paper .
i dont even use my rn5 with a screen protector .
nobody is going to care if you have a lemonade stand
setting aside the fact that sex and gender are not the same thing you have an overly simplified view of how genetics work .
for starters there are more than two human sex chromosome variations it 's not just xx or xy as a lot of people learn in school but more importantly genetic expression is not simple and rigid it is in fact quite complex and flexible .
even if someone has perfectly typical '' genes there is a chance those genes will be expressed atypically due to any number of factors .
i would never want to do that o and if i did i 'd be much more efficient than whatever it is that this is !
your submission was automatically removed because buzzvideos.com is not an approved site .
please view our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/aww/wiki/index for approved domains and a full list of rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
go play an arma simulator if you want that .
oh sorry i thought i was on r/battlefieldv i was just trying to farm karma .
as of recording adam had not yet watched the gm prep sessions that were also streamed on twitch .
the next rpg game will be kicking off soon .
christopher is n't involved with this one but paul will be running the character creation session next week with the game starting the week after the players will be jenn jodie matt and chris .
after that we 'll have another christopher-run game but then one run by adam with alex twuana sarah and christopher playing .
adam was surprised by the extent to which his character starblight had an arc involving his sword so quickly but it was largely fortuitous that stella nova 's backstory offered good story hooks to include the sword as part of some other plot i.e .
the existence of stella tenebrae and her use of the corrupted sword to destroy the knights cosmic .
christopher was kind of worried that craig would feel left out a bit he 's a time traveler from the past and the plot took the heroes into space to deal with a bunch of cosmic nonsense but things seem to have worked out ok .
adam asks if there was anything christopher was disappointed that they missed or that he did n't get to use and the main thing is that he had to lean on the hint button a bit more than he would have liked occasionally .
it 's hard to gauge how subtle a clue is until you see the reaction to it .
there really was n't so much in terms of something the players did that he really was n't expecting but the overall direction things wound up going collectively was a bit of a surprise how the going back in time '' stuff went was fun a strength of this system is that even when the session is basically one big fight the fact that the environment has stuff that it does/is a source of twists makes it feel like there 's more going on than just two sides punching each other .
it was just a pleasure to see the mechanics they 've been working on for a number of years now just click along and work .
the gm prep sessions were great for that in that he could just open the villain/minion/environment creation rules and run with it with one exception where he had to invent something but we 'll get to that in the questions .
it 's one thing to take pre-made adventures and running those but another to just work the process and see it work .
that 's not to say that pre-made adventures can only be used one way even if you never run them people will often look at them to mine out useful content for whatever they 're making for themselves the stolen legacy adventure even has suggestions for how you can use the vandals without the extra power they have due to the plot of this specific adventure .
pre-mades can go off the rails pretty much immediately anyway as they 're not going to account for everything the players are likely to do .
it was fun at gen con to talk to the various gms to ask them what weird stuff happened outside of the text as written for the adventures .
is any of this canon yes we know that whatever happens at your table is canon '' but in a more general sentinel comics sense ?
they intentionally had n't had this discussion prior to recording as they want us to be able to observe their process on this .
session 1 laser dragons were a concept they 'd invented for galactic strike force but do they exist in sentinel comics ?
yes they 've said before that gsf was in the far future of the sentinel comics universe and if laser dragons exist there they had to come from somewhere which had n't been previously defined in that game so i guess now we have the answer that they were created by this cosmic entity .
there is also this building near mexico city that was damaged during the oblivaeon events but you can basically assume that any given place has some oa-related destruction going on .
session 2 the vandals doing magic is already canonical .
the impossum and the pepper genie can be canonical in that they 're possible for magic users to conjure that kind of thing up and the pepper genie is something christopher has been trying to get into the canon since like 2012 as it was something he 'd pitched as something for the dreamer 's deck and he 's rather pleased that he 's finally worked it in somewhere apparently the whipacorn was another of these weird ideas .
session 3 we get the introduction to the stuff involving the order of the knights cosmic which they decide at the very least is canonical as a group that existed in the past of sentinel comics .
session 4 they visit tarvalis which was already canonical and apparently the knights had access to giant mechs .
session 5 inside the sword this was kind of a one-off event so how canonical this was largely depends on how canonical the events related to the final session are .
is there any reason why not have them be canon ?
basically the only reason why not would be if things they did were at odds with previously established or planned aspects of the setting or if they were wildly inappropriate for the feel of sentinel comics as a brand .
while violet heart is kind of a weird character she 's not so far out there that she could n't fit .
if they 're saying that stella tenebrae is the source of the laser dragons then there 's no reason why stella nova ca n't work too .
starblight 's an astronaut that got wrapped up in another of stella tenebrae 's plots so that tracks .
dynamo is a time traveler but he was careful to establish for his backstory that his trip happened pre-oblivaeon so that fits ok .
there might be some massaging of details to get everything to fit but they do n't see any reason why these characters ca n't fit into the canon .
general they succeeded on the things that could have made it non-canonical like the laser dragon winning and destroying the earth in the first issue .
sir arton surviving and going about rebuilding the order of the knights cosmic is something that they would have wanted to be canonical even if nothing else was as christopher has plans for this .
so turns out that pretty much everything here has been canonical but they warn that this is n't necessarily going to be the case for their live streams .
while there 's a better chance for the stuff coming from christopher and adam being so they do n't want to burden say paul with making everything fit .
what 's up with blood sweat and tears and how did they get sir merienda 's amulet ?
they 're stygian inductor and tear now while we had n't heard those names before we had heard a cryptic reference to the vandals '' at the end of editor 's note 16 .
they 'd already created this iteration of those characters for stolen legacy and he included them here in session 2 just as a little bit of fan-service by dropping in some familiar characters .
he needed somebody who upon finding this weird amulet would try to do some magic to it these bozos fit that bill nicely .
stella tenebrae had intended to turn it into another laser dragon but had lost it at some point and that did n't happen .
the vandals found this thing with weird cosmic magic stuff going on that they could n't understand and tried to do their thing anyway because that fits their m.o .
how long has it been since the order fell ?
centuries long before even the ray talbot captain cosmic was around .
the only reason sir arton was still around was because he was preserved within the sword .
the only canonical appearance of the order would be if some cosmic stories happen across some ruins or something out in space that are retroactively attributed to the order after this introduction .
who are the other wielders of starblight 4 were mentioned so who besides sam and sir arton ?
the other 2 were not meant to be defined .
it was designed to be a temptation and trap for sir arton which worked .
the other two were just others who like sam came across it later .
they both fell to it but were not strong enough to have been preserved by it as sir arton was and were it not for his friends sam would have fallen to it in this way as well .
did this also work as a playtest/was there anything that came up in the process of playing these sessions that will result in a tweak to the system ?
in the fight against sir arton he was designed to be an inverse of starblight and had that ability where if he had put a penalty on somebody he could destroy that penalty to negate an attack made by that person .
this worked mechanically just fine but was n't especially fun so he tweaked that ability in the chapter 5 rules to make it more satisfying as a general rule anything that says no you do n't get to do what you want to do '' is an unsatisfying/frustrating element to a game christopher only wound up using it a few times as he recognized on the fly that it was n't making the scenario better .
another that 's been in the works for a while is a minor change but to an important mechanic to the point where the starter kit now is outdated and gives incorrect information the problem is that minions feel anticlimactic after a point .
once they get down to a d4 in strength any attack against them will destroy them and so heroes having to take actions just to mop them up feels less interesting .
this also means that they ca n't wind up with one who punches above its weight class by just sticking around like the original version of sergeant steel did in their old rpg games .
the change they 're making is that once a minion is down to a d4 succeeding at their save prevents them from being degraded/destroyed this allows them to have something of a last stand '' .
how many bonuses did get handed out in the final session ?
i get namechecked here but i 'm not likely to go back through the last session just to count somebody else feel free to do so .
a good mmo that will keep me interested preferably with good story 's and quests no p2w if thats even possible nowadays and a fairly sized welcoming community although not extremely necessary
i 've played a bit of bdo but that was far too complicated for me i used to play star trek a lot but the only mmo that has managed to keep me coming back regularly is eso .
this would largely depend on how much i enjoy the game but for most things id go semi casual .
not really many besides a good progression system that feels rewarding .
while im fine with a steep learning curve i would enjoy something that 's rather straightforward and not too hard to wrap my head around with what feels like 10 million different systems to master .
also not being farmed instantly by end game players is a selling point .
he was fighting for things that are mainstream now when americans were way behind .
same with elizabeth warren and a number of others .
you 're right that corruption and inconsistency are rampant but they are not the default and tolerating them is exactly what perpetuates them .
i love that damn krave brand black cherry pork jerky and teriyaki beef jerky is probably my second favorite food on earth but at 5.99-8.99 for a tiny bag i can eat in 5 minutes it 's hardly practical .
that said when it goes on sale i buy it up and partake in a 4 bag meal twice a day .
we have a local church that was convinced pogo players were the ones vandalizing their property eyeroll .
they complained and now raids do n't spawn there at all .
how would you like it to be dealt with ?
this sub is embarrassing garbage that supports tripe like this there is no getting around it .
i 'm so late to this so it will for sure stay buried but my sister and i both saw a bird die in midair for no apparent reason .
it looked like it 'd hit an invisible wall or something and fell to the ground .
i would never have believed i saw it unless my sister had been with me and seen it too .
we were maybe 13 and 11 at the time .
now that i 'm older i think it may have had a heart attack while flying or something but there was absolutely nothing in the air it could have hit the way it seemed to .
a slight scowl appeared on his face once he registered larra 's words .
until larra had answered his own questions he would not bother with answering hers .
it 's definitely a locals place that became popular with tourists .
depending on the size of your party might be worth going to local costco and getting gift cards .
it 's usually two 50 gift cards for 80 .
the ciopoino portions are pretty generous and it includes a salad .
a cioppino for 2 can easily feed 3 people .
surprisingly i had no idea it was out today except for reddit reminding me .
had to be on purpose lmao it was too blatant .
i think you 're not giving garcia 's chin any credit if anything .
he got hit with possibly the hardest shots in his career against thurman and he did n't even go down .
the only other shot that is on par if not better is mathysse 's shot where he launched garcia 's mouth-piece across the planet where again garcia did n't even go down .
do you know if it has to be right when you create the team the first time ?
i already created the team earlier today but i 'm not seeing my images tab .
i uploaded to nba2k.com and it looks like it went through
aiming for the heart of your beloved unless he 's a dreamy blue-haired hunk with fetching shoulders b ! cordelia
the last will and testament of some expendable trash clarisse
do n't worry everyone here loves you and does n't want to see you get hurt here let 's spend some time together learn some new things and you 'll definitely feel better about yourself !
whatses are allses of us writing whatever popses in our headses for titles ?
legion number forty-seven enjoyed bookses like thoses but the restses of us helped legion number forty-seven to playses out the partses of ones of the main characterses in thoses bookses .
now the numbers of legions whoses likeses thoses kindses of bookses is zero .
wait who let two takumis in the reading room ?
but if you 're younger than you 're 30 's take some consolation in the fact that the dating dynamic changes in the 30 's and men 's value goes up considerably as where women in their 30 's still have to compete with women in their 20 's .
well this is true as long as you are n't a complete loser .
i put my height on my profile and i never try and talk to girls who say shit like swipe left if you 're under 6ft '' .
i do n't really feel like they 're worth my time .
and at this point in my life once i 've convinced a girl to go on a date with me it 's more often that i have to tell them i 'm not interested in them than vice versa .
so for the most part i feel like i 'm not missing out .
sure sometimes i see a really hot girl who says something shitty .
but i figure odds are i would n't like her once i met her or she would n't be interested in me once she found out my height .
so i see it mostly as a filter to keep me from wasting my time on people whom it 'd never go anywhere with .
might be easiest to show a screenshot as that seems absurd for a phone
i did that for the first time this year after being a pf since 2k13 .
i just quit after being forced to pick up my dribble and not a single teammate moved an inch .
best thing i ever did was stop taking 70mg vyvanse .
after the withdrawals are gone you might find yourself be yourself and realize you can focus without it .
today i was going to tell her that maybe when doing the role reversal you should make it so the students research and understand instead of making a summary of what we are going to learn on their notebook .
i was thinking that this might not be good enough to incentivize some of the students to analyze the next topic .
she told me once that it 's hard to do any special activities that requiere effort outside of the school environment then she added that most kids here are n't able to complete their notebooks in time and having to do this activities is just way harder though she will see how this activity works and if it does n't she told me that we could try something else .
i personally enjoy researching and finding out stuff that is really interesting and i felt like that motivation was n't there for almost all students .
i gave her an example on how another project which was about politics did n't work because the students were n't invested enough on the topic due to some problems on the way some teachers made their exercises .
but will you throw 5 into the t u r k e y h o l e
i think we never give them time to bask in their accomplishments .
after a couple of days of enjoying their new release we berate them with criticism of what we didnt like as well as demand new work
no it 's not out i 'm just looking at the loading screen and it seems quality has n't changed .
if you 're not that close friends with her there 's nothing left to lose so yeah go ahead
i had never been to one before and never wanted to anyway .
last year we went for my gf 's birthday as she likes rollercoasters and stuff .
i realy wanted it to be fun but every ride we took i just got super dizzy and miserable .
i guess i 'm just not adrenaline campatible person .
putting the whole of society into two groups the oppressors who are responsible for all ills and the oppressed is absolutely a marxist idea and one that a self described sjw would follow .
also if you do n't think communism fucked over the poles you know nothing of their history .
the point i 'm arguing is that being the strongest does n't give you the right to occupation .
this old house https youtu.be/qcwydz8bymu has a pretty good video about patching wood floors
forced psych holds happen in america but they do n't happen elsewhere ?
remember when they were like 10-0 and beat osu in the simulated season ?
each console has its own certificate that 's unique .
nintendo are either too cheap or too lazy to do this right .
they should be able to do cloud saves without issues if it 's done right .
i for one already backup all my saves via rcm and backing up my nand .
i 've always wanted to live in manhattan but i ca n't afford to .
but should n't i be able to get a subsidized house off central park west ?
i deserve it as much as some rich dude right ?
well why give them downtown apartments in the pearl if they could all live more cheaply somewhere else ?
gipi has a new comic out from fanta which seems tangentially a clockwork orange-ish '' it 's a post-apocalyptic story about two brothers trying to decifer their dead father 's journal because they ca n't read or write .
so they have to go off on a quest to find someone who can .
i think i might buy it gipi 's stuff is always singular and interesting at the very least .
i ca n't believe people are still holding out hope for collusion .
half the time my guy is n't actually making sound .
it says call for help '' but it feels more like prolong your inevitable death while trying to not let anyone know you 're there ''
those that he fused with becomes part of him and thus ca n't be resurrected .
its like that with kami and nail too if i remember correctly .
roon is pretty interesting with den and eldrazi displacer combos since roon can generate value off of those etbs in the mean time .
someone to work in our print shop printing tees and sweatshirts primarily but also to help with warehouse organization logistics .
we also like to give folks bigger long-term projects to work on when/if we have slower days when we finish printing shirts early .
sometimes this involves design others it involves engaging with fans on social media .
we try to design those tasks around the interests of the individual so they feel challenged and fulfilled .
but we 're also down with folks who just want to print and listen to tunes/podcasts for their whole shift if that 's their preference .
yep samuels will get hyped by people that missed conner .
if you 're starting him you 're probably in a bad spot .
if burmeister is out there i 'll definitely be switching over .
so to try and sum again occam 's razor depends on what is deemed necessary .
you neverquiteenough believe that god is not necessary to believe these things because we have scientific evidence of evolution which is what you claim a more reliable theory than god did it god of the gaps .
the original argument i presented needs more proof for god in order to be debated upon further .
you act like he has n't been playing rightback for more than 2 seasons .
just because something is not as bad as things used to be does n't excuse their current situation .
even if her main gimmick is better in 4 's that does n't excuse her main gimmick being bad in 1 's .
her heavies being safer would be a talking point if you could n't just easily react to what she does .
the trap is supposed to force you into an unfavorable situation .
since there are so many answers to traps it does n't do that .
that is a good point but i deal with homeless individuals at work on a regular basis .
you would be shocked how many have smartphones with data plans .
we have shelter seekers come in frequently and next to food and a bed they also almost always ask for a place to charge their phone/charger .
before the proctor started reading instructions he got real close to the microphone and said first off no one is going to die today . ''
was n't so much funny as it was surprisingly comforting right before beginning
in a single battle 500 were killed out of a population of 37 million .
police killed 987 people last year out of a population of 325 million .
i am l tired of people pretending like the us military holds itself to a much higher standard than the police do .
they do n't they murder civilians with impunity just like the police do .
the military bombs weddings and classifies any male over 15 there as a combatant .
soldier sailor marine or airman they all kill the innocent and call it a cost of war .
because in the alternate game universe he got his personality from his dad and his hair from his mom
i see this article come up every time the words seal team 6 show up on reddit and to be honest all it really says is warriors a bit too war like.
maybe there 's room for improvement but this is a war crime in the most broad definition of the word .
who cares if they may have taken trophies or if they might have marked some kills ?
this was within the realm of combatant vs. combatant .
the leadership caught on to most of it because the combatants were already dead and the extra wounds had very obviously happened after death .
they were n't as far as the article torturing guys while they were alive and taking off fingers from still living hands .
almost everything they address was done after the combatants were dead .
i could understand being disgusted by the cia 's torture methods but this article just seems like witch hunting .
there 's pmc 's out there gunning down civilians and getting away with it .
human trafficking terrorism all kinds of shit going on in the world the stuff in this article just seems extremely low on the totem pole in comparison .
det jeg siger er at der også er kvinde '' jobs der er fysisk krævende .
ignore both hearing that and your own growing fear of these people and the world in general not recommended .
should be a little better as i 've gotten better each season .
most recent season i 'm not doing as well .
i partially blame my low kd on lagging out when this game first came out and my potato aim every now and then .
he is always known to be from the south .
yeah his foot and a snake are part of the ecliptic but scorpio is more within the ecliptic range i guess so ancient babylon decided to keep scorpio and make every sign about 30 so its 12 signs of 30 degrees that makes 360 so they would be prepared for floods ! !
used wrappers to various degrees are games that support linux officially
they do but normally at a lower level specifically for graphics rendering or such .
not just wrapping the entire application wholesale therefore the performance impact should be lessened .
do you really give a shit what kind of engine is running in your car as long as you get good gas mileage
yes if i could be running a different engine that got better mileage for the same amount of fuel and was less likely to breakdown .
they play test it they bug fix it and they ensure that whatever is releases actually works .
the chance of issues when you add more layers occurring is still increased .
this is something that has never really mattered to many of us .
if you 're not running ubuntu then you 're not officially supported most of the time anyway so i may as well have just bought a cheaper windows version and still got the same level of performance if they 're using wine as their wrapper and non-existent support because i 'm not on their supported os .
it just feels like that if people start pushing out more and more half-assed hybrid native '' versions that are just wrapped in wine as op is suggesting we 'll see less actual native versions the waters will become incredibly muddied over what actually is native or is n't and it 'll just be a bit of a shit-show all-round .
yeah thought their coach was supposed to be awesome or something
here 's a sneak peek of r/unexpectedkorg using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/unexpectedkorg/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
1 new doug in mexico https i.redd.it/eryxdgn6ak711.jpg 0 comments https np.reddit.com/r/unexpectedkorg/comments/8vjzkb/new_doug_in_mexico
i did n't see much of that it was more freeman mixon etc .
if anyone turned down gordon/zeke yeah ... that 's rough .
i live in the south which is where the church growing and expanding but i think the north is struggling to make up for it .
from i understand there 's only one ward in the north stake centre .
hold up so we get to be vampire hunters now ?
lol nielsen looks just as bad on defense as ever..
i 'm a huge baseball fan but that ball is gon na mean so much more to a kid than it will to you .
assuming it 's not a valuable home run or anything that ball will sit on your dresser for a week then be put in a drawer and forgot about forever .
i remember kids showing off and playing with the foul ball they got from a game for years .
you 're providing a ton of joy by handing it over .
i 'm somewhat skeptical of him as well being someone that supports reform of the police in this country..
in high school i bought tickets to a college basketball game for 2 teachers who loved one of the teams .
they were playing their biggest rival and the teachers had been talking about it for weeks .
the game was a 3 hour drive away so i told them if they could n't make it that i totally understood .
they made a weekend of it their team won and i passed both classes .
bro your not trying to catch fish i think you need to get to the health department dude .
i 'm a little surprised to see so many other people here have it too .
you will be amazed at how much it helps .
it takes some time but once you start figuring out which foods aggravate you and eliminate them you 'll feel a lot better .
the best thing i 've found in 10 years for the itch a 3-5 dilution of lavender essential oil in jojoba and/or extra virgin olive oil with a drop or three to 1oz of carrier oil depending on how bad it is of sweet peppermint essential oil .
super useful info on the miriad of other symptoms you may be experiencing and do n't even know they are symptoms
i 've also recently inadvertently discovered a soap that helps .
not sure how other than the peppermint but ... it 's helpful
this is a friendly reminder to change the flair on your post to solved '' once you have an answer for your question .
we have set your intial flair to open '' .
changing your flair to solved '' helps everyone else know that your question has been answered .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthis if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's acting in bad faith and there is no way to have a conversation with somebody who is doing that .
you 're hoping for something to happen that you know is impossible .
life is too short to throw it away on a bad bet .
his opinion on whether he is treating you poorly is irrelevant here .
be that as it may it 's her wish that fan sites start migrating to the new name and i for one will be honoring it ... as a fan and all .
surprised it 's not a white panel van or ice cream truck .
i got 3 shinys and my wife got 5 out of 25 raids
i might join some group guitar lessons in school .
this whole thread is so sad when you think about it still ca n't grt the image of his leg hyperextending after nagata levels him .
rg3 is n't a giant guy like cam or even a vince young type that shit had got to hurt he still fought to play somebody needed to protect himself from himself good coaches have to remember theee guys are young jocks who think they 're invincible .
i went from only knowing the english names to the german ones after a year of raiding in this country .
this is was a competitive area should look like .
if your lgs is charging msrp for boosters then its not competitive enough for that store or the col is too high though unlikely if the player population is there
this is easy to fix but the givernment wo n't .
forge an email header to scam money sell a product spam it is 1 count of mail fraud and 5 years for each instance .
any email company that does not immediately suspend accounts for spamming can be fined 10,000 for each email sent after notice received .
they must acknowledge who the company was all contact info and verify they have suspended their account .
unsolicited text messages for purposes of marketing follow same laws .
unsolicited spam selling you a product or service you did n't opt into carries an automatic 100 fine similar to ftc violations by bill collectors .
does n't matter where the email originated if company is in the us they pay the email recipient if they ca n't prove opt in .
do n't pay it and it goes to court and you do n't have proof it is a 10,000 fine to the email holder plus court costs .
political organizations and surveys that ask for money follow all telemarketing laws .
us works with interpol to report identify and shut down call centers in other countries .
put some teeth into going after us companies violating do not call list .
the adept evade drops a tiny bomb that does about zero dmg
du er vist ekstremt selektiv omkring hvad du vælger at høre og fortolke .
jeg føler mig marginaliseret fordi jeg er en mand .
den offerrolle er da værre end feminazister og på ingen måde noget jeg genkender .
that sucks seems like the mods are the ones who decided the rules .
hopefully she will she this but makes me sad that mods are being assholes when you attempted to avoid breaking the rules and still do the right thing
all postings must include old man/lady animal their name age .
please resubmit your oldanimal with the title formatted according to the sidebar .
for any questions or further explanation please refer to the sticky post here https www.reddit.com/r/oldmandog/comments/80ouwj/psa_title_formatting_rules_and_subsequent_post .
if your post conforms to the rules please do n't delete anything and message the mods so they can approve it manually .
sometimes i get like to get glitchy and cause problems for no good reason .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oldmandog if you have any questions or concerns .
i was merely pointing out that casting disenfranchised people is something that it would seem people such as the showrunner would attempt to do without straying too far from the source material .
now if they were to make all the elves a certain race and made ciri half or a quarter of what that race were in order to show her elven heritage that could be pretty cool and would n't stray far from the source material .
legit i do n't see how this can be such a big deal when we got perfect angles of this .
welbeck clearly jumps in under him and also takes out ddgs legs .
https imgur.com/a/qrwmmnw there is no way this should not be a foul .
thank you bleepblopbloop for creating a bank account in r/memeeconomy !
that 's fine man i 've been in your shoes and it sucks .
there 's still a lot to enjoy in vanilla d2 more than the original game by a mile
maybe i shoulda watched scar play before predicting an upset this team looks really bad
does n't it specifically say no hm will be gained '' on the map select screen ?
she loves the office '' that 's awesome haha .
you have to see the normal girls in croatia zrce beach !
looks like the party is over turn the lights off and bring in the bulldozer .
for me there 's a single variable leading the decision for me that being display panel technology .
if i 'm on an ips display i keep my aspect ratio as close to the original as i can it just looks so much better .
if i 'm on an oled panel say on an android phone i try to stretch the game as much as i can mostly out of anxiety for burn in
i hate how all parents buy and waste so much stuff .
balloons plastic craps happymeal tous that break in 1 day etc .
it 's like you completely ignored the op and decided he was just being a casual '' .
the other 24 man raids already have 100 drop rates op just wants these 2 to follow an already established precedent .
you 'd still have to do the content probably more than a few times to get it but at least the odds are n't stacked against you as much .
i think even these are the only minions at all that are only attainable based on rng .
others are either 100 rewards from things raid rewards pvp rewards or sellable on the marketboard dungeon drops fate drops .
i do n't see what makes these specific two special to not have the same treatment as the other 24man minions .
it 's crazy how the perception of the live crowd is so much different than that of tv viewers .
grig just never pressures the map remember that nocturne game where he did n't ult for 20 mins ? .
putting him on a tank at least guarantees he 'll be useful at some point in the game .
i think we have more sacks and blitzes in this game than all of past year combined !
as if dead zionists or israelis are okay but not dead jews ?
what matters is not nationality or political beliefs or religion but innocence .
any dead innocent is a travesty and/or a crime .
it will be a surprise if grbic starts atanasijevic .
he could be benched for luburic or share court with him half of the time .
i 'm not sure what translate the second sentence is supposed to mean but i 'd guess a variation of an acceptable one variable equation could be 3x=2 30-x .
hello axtren your submission https www.reddit.com/r/rainbow6/comments/9e7x7m/crashing_problem in r/rainbow6 has been removed for the following reason s
the post you have submitted would be better served as a bug report on r6fix https r6fix.ubi.com/live-server/contribute .
please use the search functionality before you submit your own report to check that you do n't create a duplicate .
should a similar report already exist make sure to contribute as this will likely accelerate ubisoft 's process of fixing the issue .
if you are unsure what r6fix is check out the r6fix faq https r6fix.ubi.com/faq .
if you believe this is a false positive or you have any other questions please contact the moderation team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frainbow6 click here to compose a modmail message ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rainbow6 if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've gotten the shards only once out of probably 5 boss battles so it is possible just unlikely
you look great and the smile says you know that lol
i bought a monitor and a tv from amazon and neither of them came in a second box just the original box from the factory with all the markings and product pictures on it .
luckily i do n't live in a bad neighborhood because i 'm sure someone would 've tried stealing them
first of all this destroys trying to say she thought he was an intruder and also makes this not a racist shooting but does however lean more towards premeditated murder .
but you do need somebody who understands the limits of the current practice of psychology to put their hands up and say ok we do n't really know what 's going on and there 's not much else we can do so you go do your thing '' .
right and my concern is that they are recommending psychologists who will hit that line inappropriately early .
this is n't a concern that has any evidence to say it 's happening just a concern .
mean girls is overtly satirical though so it makes sense in the context of the film .
until spotify starts forcing their artists into rap cavalier .
i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills right now .
you 're more than capable of giving bandages and ice though you do n't need a doctor for that .
he 's not supposed to be answering hypotheticals of future cases .
i will never support this behavior from these activists .
they should be ejected and such unconstitutional policies must be overruled .
there 's nothing to stop them from spewing a continuous stream of crap with more and more restrictions .
absolutely nothing they will continue until they are removed .
more work to be done they say ... i say anyone trying to oppress the constitutional freedoms of others should be ejected and imprisoned some would hang them .
we are coming to a turning point where we will either embrace liberty our heritage and care for our people or we will give it all away .
i have made this table which shows how super smash bros .
ultimate 's fighters might look if skull kid had an attack which consisted in tranforming them into their younger selves just as he did with kafei in the legend of zelda majora 's mask .
needless to say this is just for fun as i do know this will never happen .
to make things more interesting i have taken several liberties .
i have taken into account non-canon material such as manga comics and tv shows character clones ridley from other m and rebooted versions of the characters simon from lord of shadows .
despite all of this many fighters does n't have a younger form .
i could have used mario kart 8 's baby rosalina but i felt that super mario galaxy 's version is more true to the rosalina luma '' duo .
besides the storybook 's luma is sometimes referred to as baby luma '' .
i have also decided to use a generic baby yoshi rather than the baby version of the yoshi which was seen for instance in yoshi 's island ds .
this is because i believe that super mario world and new super mario bros. u 's version is more characteristic .
from all three links only young link has an even younger version since he 's the incarnation from ocarina of time .
there are no images of young breath of the wild 's link or any iteration of toon link .
ultimate 's version of zelda a combination of many incarnations of zeldas at the very least the one from a link to the past a link between worlds ocarina of time and spirit tracks so young zelda from ocarina of time is valid .
dark samus is a tallon metroid infected by phazon which then mutates when mixed with the phazon suit and samus 's dna .
thus i have chosen an infant tallon metroid as her younger version .
for robin i have used their default 02 build from the avatar maker which gives them a youthful appearance .
unfortunately changing corrin 's build only makes them look shorter or taller so it 's invalid .
chrom and the inkling use official concept art from their respective listed games although i do know that they do not appear with that younger look at any point in them .
maybe i should have shown a male and female version of the baby mii as i did with robin but since a mii fighter can have so many looks i have n't bothered .
as i understand the current gen turbo models all have some basic anti-lag that briefly keeps the throttle body open but cuts gas when you let off the gas pedal but i have n't really delved into how well it works in practice .
cancer venus sun in virgo and moon/rising in sag .
i 've found myself to be a little of both honestly .
i 'd assume the virgo side of me always wants to help but i feel super jaded if i 'm not appreciated right in a relationship .
i take a lot of pleasure in the small things notes packed with lunch warm towels from the dryer after a shower shit like that .
and i expect hope for the same treatment in return .
you can remember it by it is one lot 'a lot' .
yeah that was done to humiliate not to give the dude a heads up
i 'm talking about currently though ... he said dl is the goat of na lcs which is false ...
alex day turned me vegan convincing me veganism is a logical choice as before i 'd categorised it as an extreme choice and pointing me to watch earthlings and a-bas-le-ciel kept me vegan by getting into the philosophical weeds
even 60.22 is pretty far away from the 68 he said .
they do n't call him the pocket rocket for nothing .
he 's a bit stiff this morning and says the biggest problem is that he 's tweaked the ligament he damaged in his ankle at brands last year .
he is n't expecting it to be an issue for the race
he gets away with those big ones all the time seems like .
i disagree with that it was one of the changes that made sense since the asgardians in that universe were in fact from an alien planet instead of the norse gods like in the main universe of marvel .
like if you put the iliad in space and in the future there would be nothing wrong with a non-greek looking cast .
he should be in the lineup as dh more often than not the rest of the way .
i feel if you are still in the playoffs and this guy is available you have add him immediatley .
finding a player of his caliber on the wire at this stage of the season does not happen often .
he could prove to be a real difference maker over the next couple of weeks .
i do n't think so seeing as how alch wants to snowball and win early while arc warden wants to go late .
i do n't think there are people that actually think he would throw again if people really think that they have an iq lower than a fucking goldfish .
it 's not the best bf but it 's also not the worst .
i 'll be playing it solidly for a while .
the color of her skin is not intrinsic to her character .
i understand that you 're proud of your heritage and you should be .
the story is fantastic and you now have this great polish story being told through a new medium so as to be shared with a new audience .
i do n't understand how making ciri 's skin a different color from what you 're expecting detracts from the story or in any way dininishes the fact that it was written by someone who is polish .
would you care if they changed the color of the skin on the drowners ?
she 's a class act and i cannsee her 5 ds being future posters here
i upgraded the throne room before i knew this .
my idea was just go in an upper bracket maybe
you can sort by best '' or top '' .
top is just number of upvotes best is some kind of algorithm taking rate of upvotes percentage of upvotes/downvotes number of comments etc .
on the other hand theres loads of unofficial mashu doujins .
london never held any tryouts because they purchased 2 existing full korean teams from apex and i do n't believe they 're going to be changing their roster much after winning s1
yes a key lower though it 's pretty impossible to replicate robert plant 's voice .
thats why the middle cup holder just holds things like gum .
feels like talking to my dad when i was younger .
would get furious that i did n't just automatically know how to fix/maintain my car yet i had to walk him thru the process of turning on satellite cable box dealy after turning on the tv .
also it has been confirmed we will get raid lairs .
does that mean three extra instead of two like year one ?
hi i have no idea what a countersunk bolt is here is the image of it
would you suggest heating it up and trying the rubber band or is it too far gone for that
that is undoubtedly how it 's supposed to be how psyonix intended it .
however do take another look at the ps4 side of the clip u/jb4gdi posted .
specifically note how high up the front wheels of the blue car are on top of the what-should-be-an-octane hitbox compared to the back wheels on top of the actual octane hitbox .
the most immediate explanation is that psyonix simply forgot about the sweet tooth when they went full nuclear on hitbox standardisation .
you think drugs shrunk this dude 's skull and pulled his ears out and made him lopsided and small chinned .
you and another legit think that 's what did it .
all these posts with cool lethals against druid are obviously fake .
the story is good enough but short and combat is way better than fc and sc .
but for this game the doors optional side stories are the key as they warps up the sky trilogy and also serves as introduction to the crossbell and erebonia arcs .
to sum up if you enjoyed the first two games and intend to play the rest then 3rd is a must .
never forget no act of censorship is a one-off .
wait you 're actually trying to argue the 10 brain shit in the real world ?
i 'm willing to work under that presumption within the fictional setting of stargate since that 's established in the show but literally zero neurologists would take your position on how the brain works in the real world .
the ascended travelled vast distances in the universe with no spacecraft .
show me a time when an ascended individual even travelled between planets without the stargates much less intergalactic travel .
possess bodies or bend weaker minds to their will .
i already told you argument from ignorance is not evidence .
was likely created by the ascended for the first wave of earthlings to save themselves .
the time travel device was explicitly created by janus long before the ancients reached ascension .
this launcher is something i did n't know i needed .
but why do you need to modify the structure ?
typically you do the design test it on testnet and let it fly for the long term .
then we can figure it which farm that is and figure out what they sell/grow .
bme is the one for hungary most likely elte students might get salty over this .
yeah in no way am i saying it 's a good idea to try and do something illegal knowingly but i ca n't think of a scenario where german authorities would be aware of money being paid by a canadian employer into a canadian bank account .
i think the trouble comes when filing taxes in germany perhaps ?
if you show zero income in germany and an income on your canadian taxes that 's proof of a crime i suppose ?
but then again how likely is it that germany begins an complicated international legal action for access to your canadian tax records without any proof that you 're doing anything wrong in the first place ?
it might be worthwhile to see a tax lawyer in canada with some knowledge of international tax law and ask him/her how practical issues might play out hypothetically '' of course .
what set is the blue with glitter and white ink looks kind of like borealis
nobody with official authority ever claim led there 's now acceleration .
basically every mobile fps game has it with a few offering the option to adjust or turn off .
a 50mm 1.8g would be a cheap addition to your kit .
seen a lot of people use them with crop bodies .
man i swear i 've read it on reddit before .
what 's the point of reddit if i read it ?
i have always dreamed of you making sissy content going to wait for my chastity cage to arrive and i will beging this .
seems like the only way so fucking tired of this shit
the fact that he mentions the old world makes me wonder if they might end up patching it into xx/genu .
i think perhaps i 'm just misunderstanding exactly what a relay does then .
my guess now would be that all that is happening is you send a voltage to the primary and when that is applied the really basically acts as a switch and does n't actually send any voltage or current through to the secondary ?
if that 's the case then that 's exactly what i need here .
the older stuff is amazing but almost always crazy expensive .
the warehouse tasting is one of the only places where it is n't !
i 'm autistic bro uncool ... and there 's a lot of people who like the voices
i do n't understand i looked at new and there 's nothing about his app being removed ?
i do n't know where we 'd be without sour-ass people like you seriously .
if only crwby had the balls to do something this making their relationship a lot more complex ... but they wo n't i think vol .
5 team rwby 's last scene is like a confirmation that yang forgave blake .
the way i 've seen it from personal experience hit a kid and they 'll carry on doing what they 're not supposed to except next time they wo n't get caught .
there 's an extended recovery period after the most vexing of performances..
indeed that one is a bit more of a stretch than the women thing .
there were at least 18,000 asian american combat verterans from world war ii .
i got glasses in december in the buddy holly shape and since then way more restaurants have served me alcohol without asking for an id .
i 'm 18 and i always had a baby face so i have no clue how they made me look over 3 years older
je crois que c'est bien que la france à la fierté à dire qu'il faut s'intégrer si on veut habiter en france .
j'aimerais que l'on soit plus fier chez moi de notre culture et de la protéger plus concrètement .
de l'autre côté je dirais que globalement les immigrés sont mieux intégrés à londres qu'à paris et qu'il ya plus de 'casual racism ' à paris ce qui ne veut pas dire qu'il n'en existe à londres .
they may be able to get it a clerical job pushing papers or processing checks .
also if your injury was work related you are entitled to worker 's comp .
i just still think he is a pussy for throwing her under t bus and immediately caving to all t outrage from moral majority types .
it might also be a method of eliminating donations to the homeless by going directly to them and giving them bags of old clothes .
this would then make it harder for them to exist where they are as it would cut off a source of supplies .
then again i 'm very much talking out of my ass here .
i do n't know if this is literal trash being dumped off or policy makers translating donations into trash .
he even said himself sometimes he only wins because sharma stays up and burns the rest down .
that 's not gon na happen without sharma and success rate will drop .
if you 're going to put f2p team in your title it should showcase a f2p team that runs consistently not just theorize about one that might work .
i have used both and inventor is far superior in terms of capabilities .
fusion feels like someone took what inventor was 5 years ago dumbed it down put it in a handicapping ui and made it forced online and forced cloud autodesk owns all of your files .
also if you are a student please use inventor over fusion .
it will save you a lot of time and not compromise projects because you cant work offline with fusion .
this comment is sort of directed at people in this thread defending those comments
i 've only played the game a bit and have n't read the books but other than being described as pale does the overall plot hinge on her skin color or something ?
not sure changing plot elements is even a negative sapkowski seems to consider each medium a story that stands on its own and my understanding is that the video game series took liberties of its own .
but reading through the comments i have n't seen anyone describe some kind of crucial element to the story that would be seriously negatively effected with a change in race .
i guess i 'm just trying to figure out why this bothers people so much and i 'm having a hard time imagining how a change in a person 's race can negatively affect this particular art medium .
btw i 've watched plenty of whitewashed shows/movies that i think are great .
i consider whitewashing '' negative because of the real-world negative implications discrimination etc not because the art itself is necessarily negatively affected .
which is why i want to hear someone explain why they think blackwashing '' or whatever you want to call it is such a negative when the context is giving artistic opportunities in the real world to historically underrepresented communities .
the good days are amazing the bad days are god awful .
gunney in the movie was the actual military consultant for the set .
they liked his shit talk so much they just had him play himself lol .
how can i be sooo insensitive towards an 84 year old man ? ? ?
hopefully by then it 's at a place where it would be
um nah man i pay 24.99 for the college version of nfl sunday ticket .
that 's a month so 100 for the whole season .
i could always go to the bar for a locked out game .
my mom committed suicide when i was 11 i 'm 43 and i think about her all the time .
i always wonder what she would think of my son and the rest of my family .
one of the few shower thoughts i 've upvoted .
never thought of this before and i doubt i 'll ever forget it .
i 've tried it and the lightning although cool looking and spreads damage in an area synthoceps is a much larger buff and it applies to the super and it stacks with the subclass 's innate ability damage buff .
i do n't think the lightning receives the ability buff since it is arc damage and not solar
mirrored post http moringmark.tumblr.com/post/177868515033/oc-credits-rise-agi-oc-kaitlyn-zemkaah95 from the tumblr blog thank you blanchin ' moringmark bot http moringmark.tumblr.com ''
if you want to get raped just go too jail .
i understand that sometimes my vote will be futile .
but i will continue to vote for the candidate i prefer .
but i 'm also not going to vote for just any dnc puppet either .
i only buy from shops and look at dates before paying .
luckily my local spot offers me 2 for 30 and their pods are always fresh due to the high sales rate there .
nobody is saying they 're better but i will say they still have plenty to teach vlad .
just because they 're not as good or better does n't mean he wo n't benefit from it .
sonya 's going to get in way too much offense for somebody who nobody believes will actually win this match
charlotte will stare down becky who is at ringside after the match while commentary talks about how the same thing could happen to becky at hell in a cell
we will all say well at least they made sonya look strong in defeat ''
well the difference between harm and kill is one is permanent .
and i will never find any justification in extrajudicial killing of unarmed people period .
officers killed in the line of duty is down more than 10 and the leading cause is traffic related fatalities and the second leading cause being job-related illness .
it 's important to note that k9 's are considered officers for the purpose of these statistics .
as you 'll read 44 officers were shot and killed in 2017 which is a 33 decrease over years past .
now let 's contrast that with 987 people shot and killed by police in 2017 alone .
https www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/police-shootings-2017 ? noredirect=on this is all according to this very informative info-graphic http www.nleomf.org/assets/pdfs/reports/fatality-reports/2017/2017-end-of-year-officer-fatalities-report_final.pdf that i 'm sure you 'll take umbrage with for some reason .
based on these numbers i disagree with your assessment that black people are causing more harm to cops than cops are to black people .
you can think or feel or really truly deep down in your core believe that the greatest threat to any police officer in this country is an unarmed black man but that does not excuse cops being above the law when they murder one .
delay because gambians rushed and some got hurt in the stands .
too bad none of them are ever programmed from guests unplugging the clock so they can plug in their phone we need more outlets people !
i 've seen them live twice since ama came out .
they were n't that good last year and the rice game was n't a good one .
the fact arizona lost at home to a byu team that was ass last year leads me to believe arizona simply sucks .
just an fyi the power bar is n't power it 's distance so hold longer to find a team mate further away
i have toyed around with not sending the letter for some of the reasons you mentioned but to say i 'm being dramatic or grandstanding is kind of hurtful and judgmental .
i would n't be sending this letter to try and be dramatic enough to try and change them .
i know i ca n't change people 's mind .
that 's why i 'm sending this so i can move on with my life and make it clear to them of why i would be backing away .
i 'm standing up for myself and my boyfriend and putting the ball in their court .
i know they 're waiting for me to become straight and then i 'll be included in things again .
like dan savage said the only power you have over your parents and family is your presence. not verbatim lol i do thank you for sharing just try not to judge too quickly on why i 'm writing the letter .
neckline is so very sexy ... you are a beautiful woman ! !
how do you have the best dual threat qb in the country and not let him run the ball ?
what kind of awful offensive coaching does that take ?
it probably was n't their original intent if anything they probably saw the art and thought it 'd be nice to share or wanted to farm reddit karma .
however i do think there is some concern warranted especially with that comment .
i work in custom art myself as an creator and client there are many scammer that work the way this user does uploading work that is n't theirs in an effort to entice business under false pretenses running off with money .
aditi explaining it 1000 times better than i ever could have or anyone on r/nfl .
i do n't target that high rh 80 in my sealed rooms but he 's right even 60 is ok. just keep that air moving .
yup the keto flu is far more brutal with the exercise but i 'm into the adaption phase and i 've been blown away i can actually go out after work and have fun instead of sink into the couch !
they could just make the shell a bit thinner from all sides it would weigh the same and will have better weight distribution and no holes .
and i 'm pretty sure that they have n't done it with this one since it would be too fragile with those holes .
oklahoma fans better get used to missed calls and weird flags .
still my favorite hardcore dj mix from back then https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nnfdsfxd47k
ok so i guess what i 'm having issues with is this .
every class needs 10-20 activational skills/spells and about 5-8 passive abilities that do more than increase damage '' .
your post has been removed because it does not contain a submission statement https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/7m8q75/submission_statements_now_required_for_all_link .
if you think you received this message in error or if you have subsequently added a submission statement please contact the mods through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fconspiracy and include a link to the comment with your submission statement .
this is a bot replies and pms will not receive responses .
i 'd say it 's not totalitarian with a democracy as long as it is n't manipulated or fake like north korea .
i live in a bit of a shit area due to some scummy neighbours moving in recently .
the kratom has n't helped the situation and made me unwilling to do anything about it .
i 'm actually getting out to the gym and doing stuff now that i 'm off it .
you feel isolated in this insane reality we 've been born into at times and it 's easy to need a crutch to get you by .
so many unnecessary wrongs go on in this world and we ca n't control any of it .
i still get depression and anxiety real bad but you need to try and get yourself out of that area and maybe join a gym .
enforcing contracts and protecting against fraud are two others .
you do n't need a government to have cops and courts .
i finally just told a close co-worker of mine after 2 years that i 'm vegan .
i got grounded for 4 months cause i did my homework at the table instead of in my room
jesus was n't a socialist in the modern sense of the term because socialism is n't just social justice it 's the struggle of the proletariat and its mass allies for power under capitalism a system jesus did not live under .
even then jesus always avoided the question of holding power .
simon bar kokhba was a far better revolutionary and more legitimate messiah-claiment than jesus ever was .
i 'm 29 but have had them for years .
mine are super wiry though and are always sticking out all over the place !
sounds like you 're talking about the redesign not old.reddit .
i 'd have to agree with you that the redesign is fucking atrocious .
generally i agree with you but there 's this which says whites and blacks are roughly equally likely to be fatally shot by police
this was next level shit indeed lol woodley 's best career performance in my opinion
it seems like msu is feeling the rain through my spirit .
you mean it makes animals not want to eat you ?
this is not what i was expecting when i looked at the comments..
also mac miller 's death is n't something to be judged never mind praised .
i 'm not having kids because it 's not fair for a child to have a parent with this disorder .
while the chances are low for inherited schizophrenia growing up around a parent with a severe mental condition is enough to mess a child 's psyche up in different ways
lpt vaping causes cancer unless used with a cig the chemicals in the vape mix with the cigarettes tabaco to form oxegen .
but that lets players that want to invest the time and energy into gitting gud substantially outperform the lazy players and we ca n't have that .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
i do n't want it to ever be assumed .
tomorrow we should be the no 2 team in the country and no sports media outlet is even talking about us .
late reply but just fyi that the chase freedom has a forex fee .
apparently i have the same issue as well except ive been playing the game normally until last night .
suddenly i cant go pass the tap to start '' screen
the only better casting would have been patrick stewart as spider jerusalem about 25 years ago .
you put a 0.01 league player in a pro game and they get decimated too
i had to set off to have dinner with the family so no more watching from me .
if you are familiar with idm definitely ash koosha .
if you like downtempo and ambient there is tycho .
if you like vaporwave macintosh plus and blank banshee come to mind for me .
if you like darksynth there is gost dynatron and lazerpunk .
clockvice aether ekcle owsey ordure synergy sound and of course vorso are notable examples of experimental artists that make a variety of genres .
in bitbird there are hundaes beaudamian the nicholas vinzere autolaser and many others .
also definitely check out san holo and droeloe 's older discography for more experimental tunes if you have n't already .
from monstercat we notably have soupandreas hush and topi .
also i just want to mention zhu nero dreams as a separate recommendation .
so weird especially the music video but sooooooooooooooooooooo fucking good .
maybe he should move up but i really doubt his lose tonight had anything to do with the weight cut .
this is a dark thread but this literally made me lol .
the picture in my head was some hood ass dealer sitting down cutting his shit and he 's like hey little nigga this here is prozac .
we got ta keep them suburban little white boys from offin themselves so they keep buyin our shit .
r5 had this message fire a couple of times thought it 'd lead to some event but nothing ever came out of it .
mine is the bisexual flag and i love it as much as i love guys and girls
positioning is the most important feature of an adc and he blew it on multiple occasions .
that 's in addition to ult autos that did n't kill and generally being ineffective in team fights .
not sure what you were watching but cody just was n't good at any part of the game aside from resource allocation .
the fact that reckless driving has such a low standard in some states is assinine .
15 over on a straight road with no cars around ?
maybe they should 've looked for a women 's atomweight division before a flyweight division
if your point was that you are an asshole it stands .
i 'd say you want a skilled barber so you 're looking at pricier salons and barber shops .
that often means local but your city may have nice chains that are worth consideration .
look up reviews for barbers in your area and ask people whose haircuts you like .
the thing with hairdressers and barbers is the more experienced and better schooled they are the more job opportunities they have .
that means they are going to go work for specialized salons or even start their own barber shop places where they can make the money their skills demand .
you do n't necessarily need to keep going back to them but for style suggestions and an initial cut it 's definitely worth the investment .
if you 're paying for that though make sure you emphasize to them that you want their opinion .
a lot of hairdressers/barbers can be selective about what they 'll say about a client 's hair so as not to offend them so make sure to open the dialogue that you know your hair is thinning and you want advice .
bring pictures of cuts you 're ok with so they get an idea for your taste .
be prepared to spend around 30 or more for a men 's cut with at least a 10 tip .
it could go up into the 50 range since your hair is long that 's how much is standard for women 's cuts anyways which tend to deal with longer hair .
ask for a price estimate so you 're not caught off guard when you go in and make sure you 're tipping at least 20 with a 10 minimum especially if you plan to go back .
i bring up tipping because i 've had service industry jobs and i know that it makes a big impact on the person you 're seeing especially in hair care situations where your barber is likely paying a fee to rent a chair at the salon they work at because often times the barbers do n't get paid by the salon but rather pay the salon for the privilege of being able to rent a space from them and ultimately it plays into how much you should expect to pay .
i 'm of the opinion that it 's worth it to keep going back and developing a relationship with someone skilled who knows your hair but after the initial expensive haircut if you find a cut you like that is easily replicated then you can certainly go to a cheaper place with pictures of what you want done .
if you ca n't find a barber you want to check out or you think is worth the cost do some online research into men 's cuts that hide thinness and take the pictures into whatever place you 're comfortable with generic or not .
again i know i keep emphasizing this pictures help a lot with whatever place you 're going into even if it is generic .
the change in length alone is going to make a difference so if you 're not comfortable spending a lot of money that 's ok too .
i know more about female hair loss than male hair loss but my general understanding has been that your father 's genetics are what plays the biggest role .
you should find out about your mother 's side of the family if you do n't already know as that may help your doctor in diagnosing and addressing what is going on with you .
also find out if other close relatives have had issues with temporary hair loss just because they have full heads now does n't mean they did n't lose hair at some point due to stress or what have you .
again it may help a doctor in addressing what is going on .
do n't overwhelm your doctor with the information but make sure you have it on hand incase your doctor asks for it .
again be prepared that you may need to press your doctor for help .
from what i understand rogaine minoxidil does help and it is one of the only science-backed medications to address hair loss .
if your doctor prescribes it definitely give it a try .
bought a significant amount of coins but my obsession with this project now has me over invested .
i 'll go down with this ship if that 's the outcome so be it .
i do n't believe that to be the case though .
too fast perhaps and now i have a mental complex .
when i first invested i was going long term 3-5 years hey maybe we 'll see 1k ?
full disclosure i sold hundreds of bitcoin at 400 .
i do not want to make a similar mistake .
mainly material and space efficient since you know how much of whatever needs to go where you avoid the assumptionless mainbus .
i mean ... he does want to do landscaping work for it .
he does n't have extreme high grappling and fight iq ?
when i walk outside and i can really feel '' the heat then i know it 's over 105 .
anything below that is ... '' yeah it 's warm but nothing terrible . ''
i know it 's cliche but the dryness of the heat makes a huge difference .
i remember waiting to get into a baseball game earlier this year after a monsoon and it was 116° w 40 humidity .
this got me excited to get back to exercising .
there are so many post like this posted about a week ago
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a bolded tl dr .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/9eanm2/i_still_love_my_best_friendex_bf_f32_m30 and include your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
he told him to shove the submarine where it hurts .
he did n't helpfully point out a deficiency in the sub 's engineering .
this seems like cut and dry write each point as a 3 component vector and take the dot product to get the cosine of the angle between them .
i 'm in a ldr so we only see each other once a week too .
sure it is n't the most ideal arrangement but i do n't mind it much .
it gives us 6 days to deal with life/work stuff and spend one day dedicated to one another .
we remain in contact and keep each other up to date with what 's going on each day so we still have that closeness regardless of the distance between us .
remember there are couples in more difficult situations such as those who have sos deployed or working in a different country .
i have been through that as well and it sucks but it 's not the death knell for any relationship .
the most important thing is to keep the communication open and flowing .
i am convinced doordash wanted me to feel happy and will take everything away later 😂
a few times now i would refer to pitou as a girl and be corrected '' that pitou was a he .
come on as if that 's the shameful part .
i 'm weirdly into a psychotic anthropomorphic anime cat and i 'm supposed to draw the line at moving one spot over on the kinsey scale ?
that 's not the weird part i feel confused about .
in grad school my biggest supporters were n't fellow students .
it was people who were able to hear me out and then help me transition into other things .
they reminded me that i was n't just a grad student that there was a whole world outside the university .
also they could help me do things that were n't work tell me about news etc .
fellow grad students were all in the academic cattle pen with me .
that you are the light at the end of the day .
those people had their chance to be parents and now it 's your turn .
my kid is getting to the age where he 's less into snuggling and i want to snuggle so badly .
feel free to add me on jp if you need someone to play with i mostly lead with combo leads and yog .
i do n't see an option to take the bonus .
be nice for us hodlers but i do n't see it .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/bestof u\/overwilliam gives op solid psychological advice and changes his perspective on life .
r/bestofnopolitics u\/overwilliam gives op solid psychological advice and changes his perspective on life .
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
lol she did n't have an abortion thanks to planned parenthood .
it 's not even just a go fund me .
apparently laop was tricked into wasting thousands of her own money to pay this woman 's bills and to pay off individuals who were extorting the woman allegedly .
i always say this but if you meet someone in trouble with a compelling story refer them to a nonprofit .
if they 're hesitant or come up with reasons why that possibly wo n't work and you just should give them money they 're likely grifters .
i once had a woman who clearly was on drugs try and tell me she was pregnant and escaped from her boyfriend out a window and just needed 50 from me to get to a shelter in another county .
what she could n't possibly have known is that i volunteer at a shelter and there was one 3 blocks from where she was running her grift .
he will either do it peacefully or go up kicking and fighting .
i understand he really doesnt have a choice but i believe he will go along with it once he realizes kc means business .
if thats what happens that 's just my guess .
after reading the explanation i expected to be able to sell my amazon gift cards .
theres no physical address or business details or personal information about the operators .
i 'm happy for you man truly 3 i wish you and your fiance the best !
i first glance i thought this was another spider-man photo mode post
removed do not submit posts with titles in all caps .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brawlstars if you have any questions or concerns .
i should actually be more in the range of mr 15 just because of how long i 've been playing but when i started i did n't realize mastering weapons and frames was how you moved through the ranks so i used the same loadout for ages .
all that spent time with no mr to show for it oops
runs you over oh crap did i just run over someone ?
but alexander siddig was n't in rome and the actress who played ellaria was .
d d decide what characters do based on how they feel about the actors playing them rather than casting actors based on how suited they are to the character .
puck you 're based lets make the na scene great again
seriously that offensive series was so bad it was almost art
developers should be more considerate of the user experience and do a better job distinguishing main routes versus side routes
or ... they could just have multiple main routes without any side routes '' .
side routes basically create a checklist where the most efficient way to play is to tick off '' as many different routes as possible before entering the main route .
which is honestly horrible level design and i do n't understand why games still do it .
with multiple main routes that all have points of no return then the player gets to make an actual choice with consequences loot side objectives that affect the main one extra story info etc .
it 's so funny how idiot lue never played this kid last season .
he was a legit player when lue took his 3 week anxiety break and they played cedi .
is the work to change comment faces in here more work than it was for r/animeimpressions ?
johnson initiated it and it was his crown paterson the temple area
top perfomance and decent content.gameplay was so clean '' and smooth .
after that they started adding a ton of uneccesary stuff into the game so that people dont lose interest but that affected perfomance a lot .
i cant even imagine how bad will season 6 be perfomance wise..
i understand the point you are trying to make but just because the military the authority figure in this case uses the same treatment technique does not mean that it makes a significant difference in real world use .
although i concede that it is not a full on gimmick with the caveat being that you should not expect to see a remarkable difference between these and regular cotton socks in terms of odor .
and while you were reading this at least 75,000 people are having sex
so he 's leaving office the same way he held it ?
that in skateboarding there 's only pop shuvits and shuvit is just a shorter term for pop shuvit ... turns out they 're 2 seperate tricks .
i ordered a bunch of stuff this past spring/summer and got the senders mixed up .
i 'd report the issue to scf but they 'd need a more specific location .
i was in the same boat as you and had the same feelings .
it might take longer than you expect but it will happen .
people really are n't bothered by your stutter nearly as much as you think they are .
less than a month after my friend died my best friend was having her wedding and i was driving to the rehearsal the day before .
i got into a massive wreck and thankfully i barely got injured .
no broken bones or cuts just lots of bruising and stiffness and pain .
after i crawled out of the car and got my phone and purse they were unharmed a very generous and nice couple drove by and called the ambulance .
after the wreck was cleaned up and the ambulance left i had the couple take me to the site where the wedding was going to be held .
i thanked them profusely and they were on their way .
i sat in the corner of the field it was being held at everyone had gone to get chairs so i was alone there until they showed up and messaged my friends first and my ex-fiancé ... then after waiting maybe half an hour i called my dad and he just screamed his head off at me ... my friend and her parents came and saw me and were instantly concerned and i explained .
then my dad came picked me up screamed at me for not calling him first .
screamed at me for coming to this wedding rehearsal .
screamed at me because he blamed my best friend for it .
screamed at me because i had no money to pay for a new car .
he finally calmed down once i realized i was n't able to move much without crying and took me to the hospital duh because i was just in a wreck two hours before and the adrenaline wore off .
then the next day he screamed at me for still going to the wedding because i was the maid of honor .
i did n't realize just how much my older bro was until i was like look .
please stop messaging me for now so i can heal properly and i will reach out to you when i 'm ready and he responded well excuse me for trying to be a fucking decent human being after stomping on my boundaries telling my nparents about conversations we had had in private and just disrespecting me in general .
no matter what you tell him or say he does n't listen .
i 've gone completely no contact with my parents and most of my immediate family now .
it feels good even though i feel guilty and it 's so nice to not be constantly anxious or having to lie about what i 'm doing or the things i like .
dude you 're down 11 week 1 to a team with legitimate super bowl chances r-e-l-a-x
i had three blood tests and each one showed elevated glucose plus elevated liver functions .
the liver ultrasound showed fatty deposits in my liver .
since i rarely drink alcohol ruling out alcohol as the cause he said it 's pre-diabetes .
he urged me to lose 15-29 lbs which i 've done .
i had another blood test last thursday and i should get that result tomorrow .
i have to get another a1c in early november three months after the first one .
for fuck 's sake there 's a whole other quarter to play ...
s04 had more chances to win than i expected .
3rd and 14 in fg range just do n't turn it over and you 're fine .
so my boss mentioned that the building we work in has been getting a lot of false alarms recently and went around asking all the employees if anyone with night access had accidentally been locking people in or not fully closing the front door .
this went on for a few weeks and after no one came forward the company bought a camera and aimed it at the door to figure out what was going on .
turns out that the business park we 're located in had just hired a security guard to patrol the buildings at night .
well the security guard took it upon himself to not just drive by the buildings but to yank on the front door .
our system was a bit too sensitive and this was actually setting off the alarm .
my company fixed the door and told the security guard they appreciated his efforts but it was n't necessary to yank on the front door .
my boss said that over the course of only a few weeks this good natured security guard cost the company thousands in false call fees .
what thing '' are we talking about ? ? ?
bald should make a soundboard app with some of the top drops .
this is the best i 've seen fitz play .
oh and the ridiculous amount of talent on the bucs that 's finally showing why they were so hyped last season .
fun fact almost all of the embassies in the netherlands are located in the hague while the nation 's capital is amsterdam .
i do n't get why you felt such a strong need to post anyway .
you 're not bothered about it so who cares ?
it 's perfectly fine to be a virgin no one here would judge you on that .
remember that iron man made half a billion and hulk made 200 million .
thor and captain america combined could barely match the total of spider-man 2002 a bit off .
the next challenge was that marvel could n't hit 2 billion dollars with two movies from 2013-2016 .
in 2017 they shot past that hurdle and made around 2.5 billion with 3 movies .
now they 've made 4 billion with 3 movies .
it 's amazing how much they 've increased over the years .
other studios would love to have their movies make early marvel money well barring extreme cases where the movie costs 200 million .
the cold war sonar would pick up the noise of the place
btw sunlight ... they have things called sunlamps probably there was a beach venue some entrepreneur would create
kerry was such a shitty candidate ... dean or clark could beat bush in 04
who put florida state at 25 and why are they allowed to be casting ballots .
i 'm really gon na start chris carson and jordan wilkins next week smh
the dude put em 's name in the title for about 4 hours before taking it off after gaining millions of views .
then that combined em 's fan base who viewed it as well .
you do n't need to request a refund you can just cancel the order and they 'll auto refund it .
bill c-16 is a compelled speech law as i understand .
whats the first sub we can expect from dd if france keeps this up ?
just to be clear when it says find all the sets it means find all the sets .
there is one answer which contains all the sets that meet the requirements .
trade jobs are the first to disappear when the economy goes south .
general contractors in my hometown were jumping off bridges during the last crisis
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a date in the title .
please see the sidebar for more info or message the mods if there has been a mistake .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oldschoolcool if you have any questions or concerns .
greed latin avaritia also known as avarice cupidity or covetousness is like lust and gluttony a sin of desire .
however greed as seen by the church is applied to an artificial rapacious desire and pursuit of material possessions .
gluttony latin gula is the overindulgence and overconsumption of anything to the point of waste .
the word derives from the latin gluttire meaning to gulp down or swallow .
sadly i do not but i 'm willing to jump through any of your designated hoops to ensure the legitimacy of the code .
all i ask for is 1 win is that too much to ask ?
not good but hopefully he does n't come back out till like week 3 when he magically has a great game
look like the clouds are rolling out sun is out .
it 's about to get steamy on that field .
not sure if there 's a best '' option but i made a 7foot max everything shotpost and he is pretty good good dunks mid ranges can hit corner 3 when hot at a decent rate and if you keep your defender guessing with different fake spins spins post hopshots and up and under layups you will be hard to stop .
great flood of 2016 had a few of these in my driveway .
took the officials a while to know which graves they came from
this is actually an incredibly complex philosophical and biological question you assbackwards yourself into .
yup he went unsigned by the hurricanes after getting drafted 2 years ago .
i was actually surprised he did n't get drafted as an overager this june he 's a point producing c with size .
but then again you have to keep lying to others and yourself so you can feel better about your life choices .
i think i 've told you this before but you def need to reroll .
tybw 2 is up rn and uno and banken are both incredibly powerful units .
soi fon is very good for guild quests and is the best tech arrancar killer purely due to the lack of competition .
if you 're adamant on sticking with that account for whatever reason then your pvp team would be ikkaku/hv ichi/tsukishima .
all with the standard chappy/movie item/stam item 30 atk acc setup and full dr .
stanley you crush your wife during sex and your heart sucks .
howard is only sad because he has to pay chuck off
or some big boi from cork shoots british war veterans in his treehouse
that has to be on the same network though right ?
they were delivering fuel to the williams lake airport for the hellattack choppers and water trucks .
i know many kids that go to franklin right now .
kids and parents both are loving the staff curriculum and new school infrastructure .
only drawback i have heard about from parents is that school is at capacity starting into overcrowded .
that 's the point you want to move from those tiers .
that said like i said to u/atalanta8 even if you say you 're ts tp tk that 's some form of claim .
what the devs are saying is that not claiming at all is okay .
russia paid americans to build parades led americans to stage protests for whatever cause they wanted in order to try and sow discord in the country .
they memed hard both on facebook 4chan reddit and any other social media site they could you may think memes are n't shit because your savvy enough but your grandmother my father the elderly or easily swayed saw them and it could have changed their vote .
do n't know if it was enough to sway the election but that is next level above what other countries have done it was unprecedented .
horrible angle used in second clip.. should have shown more of your face instead of the side of it pov from the girl to you would have been much better .
what 's your mistress going to take your devices away for an hour ?
it 's not klopp 's mistake either he 's not the one to judge if a player can keep playing .
figured we 'd see the first full 3 dives '' this week since vitality will be farmable tonight but i was n't expecting a full 4-star dive set this early d
i 'm exactly one d160 3 vitality drop away from completing my own set of 3-star dives but i 'm still a good 40 characters or so away from completing all the 4-stars .
and here i thought i was spending too much time in the half-price mote dungeons because there was nothing else to farm for last fest .
my favourite video of his has to be the simulated reality one ... im not a big fan of the top10s tho
300 hours and no ring is pretty out there my dude lol
to cut down on junk and bad submissions r/softwaregore automatically filters posts made by new or not much used accounts .
in the meantime please make yourself familiar with the rules if you have n't done this already .
we also suggest to engage in conversation on other posts .
do n't send us mod mail and ask for the exact requirements you 'll get there sooner than you think .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/softwaregore if you have any questions or concerns .
saw this type of response coming from a mile .
this does n't take anything from what i said tho
and south fulton is even less dense than the north .
that 's a large part of the county that is just about rural .
moved on with story and checked reward counter i now hate my life
investments go here only direct replies to me will be processed
to prevent thread spam and other natural disasters i only respond to direct replies .
other commands will be ignored and may be penalized .
visit memes.market https memes.market for help market statistics and investor profiles .
you did better than i did on the chem subject test ...
however i think the sat score is a bit low for yale/dartmouth
also nintendo has never released a game with loot boxes and similar things ignoring the mobile games .
the only thing that comes close is when they started having dlc in their games .
this is the sub for fake history porn i guess
if be more impressed if he came clean on where 100m of facebook money went because it did n't change newark 's educational system in any way .
i might watch live since i have cousins from la salle
you do n't think it 's insane to open packs at 6am 2pm and 10pm every single day for 150 days ?
what if you work a normal job between 8-5pm every weekday ?
would you really fire up your console every single weekday before brushing your teeth just for a few items ?
also by the january timeframe that you can get the 93 chelios he will most likely heavily be outclassed by other cards available at the time .
free is free but when you are damaging the relationships and your body for a 93 hut card is it worth it ?
and i 'd also say that the trader as a short-term mindset whereas the investor as a long-term objective .
but i 'd say your definition is spot on accurate
i do not assume anyone is a smurf just because they have a good game .
you can tell by different things on their in-client profile .
a news feed with several badge ranks gained and rampages all over it in a matter of days 90 meepo/invoker win rates with few games played on those heroes and are on level 20 accounts pentagons that are basically all 10 's on fighting/pushing/farming etc .
all i 'm saying is that you 're over exaggerating by saying that happens in 50 of your games because that is bullshit .
can anyone tell me why some of the leaves are starting to go brown ?
it 's got considerably cooler recently so could it be starting to go dorment ?
both of our cats are wicked affectionate and just straight love bugs .
not a sassy or mean bone in their bodies .
ca n't wait to share all of the adorable love sessions with reddit !
this episode covers the last two connected stories of volume 9 of the light novel which is made up of 7 stories in total told from a perspective other than kyousuke 's although some of them are covered in other episodes .
my big sister is denpa maiden and a holy angel '' which is told from gokou hinata 's perspective leading up to the events of s2e7-e9 and through it .
in it she narrates ruri talking about kyousuke as well as some other events we did see in the show like the part where kuroneko 's unable to exit the door due to her wings .
girl 's talk at late night '' from kirino 's perspective where kirino meets kuroneko 's sisters and reacts as you might expect with oh oh oh !
can i ask hinata-imouto to sleep with me tonight ?
my little sister is extremely cute '' from akagi kouhei 's perspective where he gets in an argument with kyousuke about whether sena or kirino is cuter .
chameleon girl '' from saori 's perspective where she tells more of the story that happens in s2e3 .
in the light novel she does n't meet kaori again until after the kuroneko debacle whereas in the anime it happens immediately when saori meets them at her house .
charge maiden 's road '' from kirino 's perspective again where she argues with sena about whether kyousuke or kouhei is a bigger siscon .
dark angel 's mistake '' from ayase 's perspective and my little sister 's wedding dress '' from kirino 's perspective which are covered in this episode .
are they not allowed to show lighters on tv ?
https imgur.com/m4aoudx or should we assume that ayase has minor fire manipulation powers ?
ayase 's not exactly good at hiding her feelings https imgur.com/7cgeo6g .
fortunately for some reason kyousuke 's too dense to notice .
this is what happens to kyousuke before he comes back bruised in s2e8 https imgur.com/2fplhdi .
in the light novel it 's in normal chronological order so i 'm kinda confused why it 's moved around here .
maybe just because the kuroneko episodes wanted to focus on her ?
why are n't ayase 's parents concerned about these handcuffs she leaves lying around ?
spoiler s and here we see again that she 's fine with kuroneko and kyousuke together . ''
https imgur.com/7vhvoet does this actually happen in japan for things like sailor moon or madoka magica or whatever ?
https imgur.com/krowtd6 you have n't sexually harassed me so i 'll call you so you can ? ''
kyousuke is a man of his word admittedly https imgur.com/kiyqcne .
on one level i think that he 's feeling depressed after the kuroneko debacle but he 's also realizing that there is n't much need to anymore since ayase and kirino 's relationship is already repaired and ayase does n't need a scapegoat anymore .
we can see that the kuroneko relationship only lasted ten days which is such a small amount of time for something that affected kyousuke so deeply .
funnily kyousuke never mentions that actually kuroneko broke up with him https imgur.com/sm18ylu
you did n't think you 'd wear a suit again ? https imgur.com/zs6jbri .
this seems to be the same suit https imgur.com/f7pzxj1 hanging up on his wall next to the hat ayase gave him back in s1e10 to hide kirino 's identity at the last concert https imgur.com/cb6bbbw .
it is nice that mikagami found an otaku friend https imgur.com/pdobqvp
kanako 's surprisingly genial to someone she thinks sexually harassed her friend https imgur.com/h7a0ktl
i mean i guess i could have said that you got fired for non-illegal reasons or just that you took a new job elsewhere or something but you know spite .
https imgur.com/fflkgn0 and yeah the failure to make good excuses is pretty obvious by now .
it 's not very clear to me what bridget is thinking in this scene https imgur.com/j2fsgh8 .
maybe she 's wondering about seeing him with kirino ?
i do n't see why that would scare her given that she knows that kyousuke is associated with ayase and kirino is friends with ayase so it 's not weird for kyousuke to be dating kirino since she does n't know they 're related and she even thought it was cute .
except for kirino and ayase but who cares about them ?
https imgur.com/pq32ytq spoiler s as far as i can tell this is basically the only reason given for kanako to be attracted to kyousuke .
the first time they met at the last concert kyousuke claimed his name was akagi kouhei .
https imgur.com/iosk011 the second time on the date he said his name was akagi kyousuke at least in the light novels .
but yeah saying your real name might be a bad idea .
i do n't know how to interpret this https imgur.com/hmikcrc .
we know from the last concert that this is what happens between ayase and kanako in the dark
the door slammed shut ... and i could hear voices coming from inside the car ...
... also it 's really dark in here so kanako ca n't even tell where you 're going to touch next ...
claris of course is the band that wrote the openings for both seasons of oreimo https imgur.com/hpqjisd .
in the light novel there 's actually a long scene where kyousuke ayase and kanako get to meet claris backstage .
they spend a lot of time talking about how awesome alice and clara the band members are and then bridget brings them tea but nearly spills it on them so kyousuke intervenes and ends up with his face in clara 's skirt https imgur.com/zg0z2wh because of course he does .
come on kyousuke it 's like 1cm of cleavage .
and we see that kyousuke is still concerned about kirino over anyone else https imgur.com/bds1j1c
how can you tell that from this far away ?
the tv broadcast edited this scene https imgur.com/a/k3pbf xh5uk1s but the original shows how terrible the wheels are .
ah i should have stayed with him instead ! '' https imgur.com/wvx8nr1 .
the light novel clarifies that mikagami painted the wheels himself .
there 's that kirino fanservice we 've been missing for a while .
https imgur.com/mqgudvn also this seems completely unnecessary if she 's just going to be sitting on the back not even pedaling .
how are you even staying on at all otherwise ?
first time i thought this was about kirino and i thought that the dress was n't that badly damaged https imgur.com/gh5ms6t .
but he 's most likely talking about the bike .
a joke https imgur.com/tnpquop about kyousuke 's disguise https imgur.com/qeerymo .
there 's also the fact that misaki now definitely knows they 're siblings and arguably she gives up on them because she knows that she should n't break them apart .
good thing we did n't have to listen to her singing '' https imgur.com/y5msdio spoiler s somehow in this time kanako sees them coming in and picks them out of thousands of people before the next episode . ''
there 's some really beautiful wordless scenes in this episode https imgur.com/iyh1w52 .
in the light novel kirino thinks i held his hand tightly .
hopefully i will never make the mistake of letting it go '' baka-tsuki v9 ch7
this episode reverses the opening and closing themes probably because they 're listening to claris https imgur.com/hzk7s5t .
i think the implication is that kirino and kyousuke are literally listening to claris 's reunion '' .
this episode is a breather episode between the long arc that ran from s2e5 to s2e9 dealing with the siblings ' feelings about the other being in a relationship and s2e11 onwards which is the final arc .
as a result it kinda feels like filler which makes sense given that volume 9 is basically filler stories .
still it 's not bad and it 's nice to see more of the siblings ' relationship improving .
my pay has been wrong for years many many years .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/frymymeme if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fakehistoryporn if you have any questions or concerns .
and even this contest https www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/4hif12/contest_thread_test_an_arabesque_mosaic_of_history still got 46 entries .
pff ik ben geland in parijs ... nog een paar uurtjes en dan ben ik terug in de beschaafde wereld !
ik kreeg gisteren nadat ik al had ingecheckt voor m'n vlucht het verzoek of ik niet nog even '' 10 dagen langer wilde blijven .
i would n't say most pros do n't lose instead i think most pros are over the top focused on winning .
being successful and a champion is part of their identity and they protect that the way most people protect their basic integrity .
we talk about honour in victory but really all that matters is winning .
having your gamerscore ended in anything besides 5 or 0 always triggered me so much .
i do n't remember which game it was halo 3 ?
that everyone got an odd number achievement that fucked up everyones score
i have a better set of dies now and can send in for 100 free bullets sooooo win win ?
welbeck moves towards the place de gea is about to land at .
the question was what would i say to myself .
when i was young i let people tell me i was too stupid to do things .
i was bullied and did n't have many friends .
so that 's why i would say what i said .
you can bet on roscoe 's wetsuit that i 'll be there !
italy has been already doing whatever they can to force out migrants out of italy .
they picked up new route via spain and greece but it is not yet crowded so information is n't as widespread .
that 's because italy and eu has trained and equipped libya cost guard to block a large number of them .
one of the solutions that were already implemented and is working .
the price of living is pretty high in a lot of places .
if you live in a town with a steel mill the cost of living is not high .
this mp4 version is 86.26 smaller than the gif 614.99 kb vs 4.37 mb .
nobody will ever be confused by two things having the same name in the same scope !
and the reader is left to think this applies to all three
lexical scope the name bindings do indeed share the same lexical scope .
liveness scope this relates to the data not the name binding being alive on its own .
binding scope a rebinding ends the binding scope of the first binding and creates a new one .
what data is bound to a name is never ambiguous .
variable shadowing is a specifically good thing that should be actively encouraged also !
it 's not like you are encouraged to limit the number of variable names used in a lexical scope as much as possible .
in this case the rebinding ends the binding scope of the first binding which was mutable .
in this case the rebinding ends the binding scope of the first binding and the independent life of its data .
in this case the original data continues to enjoy its independent life .
but we can only view a trimmed version of it .
i 'm going to be out of town and i 'm flying my husband out of columbia with a layover in charlotte early friday morning .
well maybe you should stick to your own field .
everyone told you that she sends nudes instead of memes and you did n't listen .
now the nudes economy is filled with memes and you 're fucking everything up .
i was n't familiar with jared taylor so i watched a youtube video where he debated jorge ?
and i feel like i get the gist of what he is saying .
rebuttals can come in many forms but let 's look at this from a following viewpoint .
the us has one of the most prestigious universities in the world e.g .
and across pretty much all disciplines the best of the world 's young minds want to go to these institutions to pursue studies/research .
inevitably once they graduate many of them stay in the us and eventually become us citizens .
and these geniuses contribute significantly to the us economy by starting multi-billion dollar companies becoming ceos etc .
this is the aspect that other countries like china russia japan etc .
just can not compete as they just draw their talents from their own respective countries whereas the us can manage to capture the best of the world .
so even if you think that general immigration is a net negative there is such a big net gain when it comes to capturing the world 's best talent that one can make a good argument that it is worth the price to pay .
now you might argue that we should be more selective and i can agree to a certain extent if we iron out the details .
however if you tilt too much one way which is taylor 's viewpoint and espouses extreme form of white only policy then what ends up happening is that us starts to become radioactive to everyone which includes some of these world 's best talents .
in conclusion if the goal of the us is to retain its status as the world 's superpower it serves the us to have a more embracing attitude on immigrants .
it is unclear to me but i think the us had fairly good reputation during the obama years so around that level seems sufficiently good to me .
tbh i do not see how this is different when you get a full tank you can still do your 30 miles or even fill it up until it shows full and save a few quid .
the problem is that an inexperienced driver and i believe a lot of people who rent do n't use car on a day-to-day basis can be out of pocket by as much as £50 £60 per rental .
i cancelled my subscription the day i realized the warfront scenario would be playable at most 2 times a month .
it 's not the cause but it is most definitely the final nail in the coffin .
blizzard removed the popup that asks why you cancelled which is hilarious in its own regard
pvp brawls weekly quest in legion these warfronts holding off shit and giving one quest per week until it opens .
anything they can do to get people to stay subbed besides give them content they want to keep doing repeatedly .
the only team they have left worth a damn is the art team and its clear as day they are carrying this expansion .
the other 2 teams do as little as they can to continue to make money and i will not reward it .
i am already a few hours in on my travels and i have finished reading bj alex and window to window i think .
i will read the ones you have recommended thank you
dude let his secretary take over the company because he was boning her
i just noticed that the article link in your earlier comment and in the op link is to a different version of the ?
paper which was posted to arxiv less than a month ago .
according to the quillette article this all went down last year with paper acceptance being in april 2017 .
here 's a paper https pdfs.semanticscholar.org/1359/ade923291ba61ed9e893ecc5bc907f5febb3.pdf from sep 2017 that includes a section variance hypothesis controversies '' which discusses the larry summer affair .
i may have missed some of the ins and outs of the review/replacement process but it seems like the above paper has a better clue as to where the fun started .
even that paper may not be the original that was accepted in april 2017 though .
edit i see the earlier versions of the paper are under the same arxiv id .
see the versions here https arxiv.org/abs/1703.04184 going back to march 2017 .
the title of the paper changed somewhere along the line and i did n't realize they were all under the same arxiv id .
so an added twist to the story is that the author basically posted a whitewashed version so that people looking for the paper now will be confused by how uncontroversial it is .
if their policies for dealing with you are unacceptable be willing to tell them that you will not be giving them anymore of your business .
might be a little on the heavier side but it 's not half bad for the price .
except if anything it would be as confusing by your logic as 1440p is 2560x1440 .
a majority of 13 year olds and younger teens are more mature than you think just immature and bratty ones are usually louder and overshadow the good bois
that 's what like-ness is how people perceive you .
his exploitation of workforce is n't a good look and it does make him unlikeable .
uncomfortable is perhaps a different matter i do n't have opinions there
you can try all you want at the end of the day their decisions are theirs alone .
this is the thought that have people blaming arianna for his death .
way to make yourself sound like an idiot she broke the rules in tennis and then threw the hissy fit when she was getting called out on it .
then she had nothing to bounce back to so she played the gender card .
regardless of gender she was wrong and she got what was desrved and all of that shadowed osaka 's brilliant tournament she had took her whole moment away from her .
a huge day for japan shadowed because she was being a selfish brat .
the dress fits you better and your face has become so much softer/more femme !
love the curly hair too tho i 'm a bit bias on that lol !
so you do know that a projection is n't an actual score right ?
if it was a player perhaps you can be concerned that may there is some news you missed and they 're not playing but it 's a defense .
it will be on the field and they 're still playing one of the worst teams in the league .
you have until 09/10 10:47 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20180910t144759 .
u/akick31 reply with pat or two point and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag thread '' 20 '' 9e54ya '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.conversion ''
imho we could see by end of year the daily tx going from 80k to 160k tx/day .
wenn man die mieten nur mit der inflation erhöhen darf werden viele gelder in andere geldanlagen fließen .
der staat sollte selber mehr sozialwohnungen bauen oder den bau solcher attraktiv machen anstatt die marge im immobilienbereich zu verringern was zu einem abfluss an geld führen wird .
sounds like a hidden nerf ruin and noed '' by that .
typical gacha whale while multiple whale accounts i assume .
also the source of like half my yatagarasu souls last week .
yeah you ca n't do this in turf war if you could just team up with three buddies in the same room/coms and play randoms you would win 95 of the time .
i get why people do n't like it but it would also ruin the game if you could team up and play turf wars against randoms .
if the dead player is in your party/chained-to-party you can fast-travel to a waypoint and their body and ghost come with you .
also if you rez them on the battlefield you can stand decently far away from their body target them with scroll and then you are asked where you want them to resurrect which you can then target decent distance away from you effectively rezzing them far from their body so the enemy does not aggro on them immediately .
guys we finally have photographic evidence of q himself or should i say herself .
this is the transparency we desperately need believe in the cause
not to down play your concerns but is it possible there is carbon monoxide leak ?
possibly her car fumes are going into the main cabin .
i would go get her checked at the doc before getting a camera as this could be quite serious
well then you added a space and replaced a space with an r .
sure unemployment went down because more people left the workforce https www.forbes.com/sites/eriksherman/2018/05/05/sure-unemployment-went-down-because-the-number-of-people-working-did 7f56f93e408b
following unemployment numbers is a passion for those who watch the economy .
however current happy talk http www.forbes.com/sites/eriksherman/2018/01/31/state-of-the-unions-jobs-rapture-needs-hard-reality-checks needs tempering with a closer look at numbers .
the announced 3.9 unemployment rate is as news reports mentioned a low since 2000 .
but percentages are expressions of ratios how much of one thing compares to another .
the unemployment rate is the ratio ofthe number of unemployed people and the total workforce which is the sum of the employed and unemployed .
like any ratio there a number of ways to change the value move people out of the unemployed category into the employed while keeping the total workforce stable .
increase the total number of employed workers faster than the number of unemployed ones .
add more people into the employed category without changing anyone 's actual status .
stop counting some in the unemployed category making them disappear .
a change in definitions or an arbitrary categorization of people can shift the unemployment numbers as easily as putting more people who had been unemployed to work .
as some have pointed out about this round of monthly job numbers https www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.nr0.htm from the bureau of labor statistics a big factor for april was a loss of people counted as workers .
as trade deficit balloons under trump he 's doing a rain dance https www.forbes.com/sites/phillevy/2018/02/06/trumps-terrible-horrible-no-good-very-bad-trade-deficit
in 2017 imports exceeded exports by 566 billion up 12 percent https www.bea.gov/newsreleases/international/trade/2018/pdf/trad1217.pdf from 2016 .
well there are two ways to look at this the analytic approach and the schadenfreude https www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/schadenfreude approach .
the latter is tempting because president trump has emphatically and repeatedly rejected standard economic analysis and embraced the elimination of trade deficits as the one true measure of trade policy success .
today 's data release https www.bea.gov/newsreleases/international/trade/2018/pdf/trad1217.pdf thus has the appearance of a report card one in which the president gets very poor marks by his own unique standard .
trump 's hard-right judges will do lasting damage to america https www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/may/30/trump-judge-appointments-roe-v-wade-courts
how the trump administration is remaking the courts https www.nytimes.com/2018/08/22/magazine/trump-remaking-courts-judiciary.html
i would n't play either after the emotional roller coaster they had recently .
take a break get your motivation back and come back playing to win .
better to do that thsn start unmotivated and still tired crash out at the first major and then have a ton of presdure on yourself the rest of the season .
not to mention the toxicness of the community if they fail to acheive anything other than top 2 .
why should they put any effort into researching a protest ?
i dunno i always do a cursory google search to try and understand a situation a little better before being outraged and publically burning my property to show my outrage ...
tru but if you check my profile i joined last night only for this .
allow me to properly introduce myself i am coherentmclovin .
lmao i got you to pour your guts out to your enemy .
you told me how much i really bothered you .
oh yeah and i 'm blocking you on this account too so that i get the last word again .
just a word of advice tho when you are acting like a person 's trolling does n't bother you you probably should n't look at there profile find their other comments and posts and write a long ass message just to get back at them .
what chance does a mere man have against something like that
nah i hear pusha t is working an a diss track about her
i do n't know all the rules of tennis or watch the match but i wanted to give an unbiased summary based on what i knew happened since op was being pretty biased in the comments .
i know i did n't get all the details in but your write up definitely fills in all the blanks .
opinion wise i think serena did over react and take away from the girl who won but she may have a point with men arguing and getting away with more because i have seen many sources to allude to that .
i think the crowd also behaved horribly and they have more to apologize for than serena .
of course you should be mature when you lose but sometimes it very difficult and people can fail with that .
the crowd however robbed this young girl of her moment taking down serena .
i had a customer complaining about her ribeye steak sandwich costing too much after she added a billion things and she was arguing with me over the price turns out i forgot to add the two salads she had ... her face was priceless when i said oh i messed it up !
it 'll actually be x which was a good bit more .
just do n't complain when you get expensive food you ordered
he even cut a cake in front of eiffel tower and invited elizabeth hurley to that affair .
aaj uska bday hai aaj bhi aaya uska paris mein bday .
on the box that pops up type delete account click ok .
it 's being played by over a million people around the world simultaneously .
go play another mmo a few weeks after an expansion launch and come back and tell me there was n't bugs glitches exploits and unforseen things messing up .
you have 0 development experience you have 0 coding experience you have 0 experience running a game played by millions of people .
your only experience is feeling entitled to a perfectly working single-player like experience from a game that can not give you that by nature .
blizz have done an incredible job so far with this expansion and if you think they are n't as panicked or sorry for all the misshaps and are n't trying their best then you 're delusional .
no dev walks into work in the morning and says man i hope we have some bugs today so our entitled player base can bitch that our 3 week old expansion has failed . ''
get student spotify subscription and you get hulu subscription free along with showtime for 99 cents and then after 3 months its 5 bucks .
a tired toddler makes just about any sort of normal conversation impossible .
and then after the get-together the parent is going to have a total nightmare of an evening dealing with the overtired cranky screaming toddler until bedtime .
yea i 'm not planning on running big apps on it 24/7 i 'll be a few hours on it every few days i was considering the macbook pro aswell so i can be in the apple ecosystem .
my advice is have two sunscreen bottles one you keep in your house and one you keep in your purse to apply throughout the day .
do n't get crazy if you 're inside all day no need to reapply every 2 hours .
but helps to have the sunscreen to put on if you do like take a walk outside for 20 minutes late in the day far after your last apply of sunscreen and can reapply .
also since it 's on your jaw and that 's where i tend to miss is it possible you 're not putting on enough or missing there ?
i 'm on mobile but i think it 's like 1/4 tsp ? ?
she focused on how to make the mouth more round and have tongue further forward and upward .
if you sleep 8 hours a day and spend 3 hours a day eating 1 hour a day showering such you still have 84 hours per week to do anything .
a full time job is considered 40 hours per week .
and of course you do n't need to spend 4 hours every day on eating cleaning .
you have a ton of time if you chose to use it .
it 's going to be a few more days i had to do a lot more work this year then in previous years .
the database is 2/3 complete right now then we have some minor testing to do .
i was talking about stasis which is when most people ask you to stop .
it would be better if i could roll out of volts speed too instead of backfliping
yea sure il do that do you reccomend any matchups and settings outside hof cause i always play on that .
honestly ovilee setting that up made me laugh so fucking much
after you get passed day 3 the cravings start to subside .
umm teddi the shows title has nothing to do with anything .
adding her as an authorized user and keeping the card so that way she does n't damage my credit but i help build hers .
you are a mental midget if you actually believe that china is a free market economy .
major global companies have been using china for manufacturing for decades now .
soon they will move to vietnam and other countries for cheaper labour as wages and costs in china increase and you can try to tie that in to birth rates .
the companies that use impoverished nations for labour are headquartered in countries conducive to profitable business .
promulgated in 1979 by chinese leader deng xiaoping the one-child policy was an effort to ensure that china 's population did not hold back its economic development .
so hitchens is showing his international socialism side by agreeing with the ccp on birth rates haha .
if low birth rates caused economic growth then western countries would be booming right now and immigration would be taboo .
the conflict is there at the end but i feel like i should know more about why he 's left to take care of samantha .
does he have any flaws that you could include in the pitch ?
i would be more than happy to fill a role i am fairly new however
as a texan this intrigues me what 's the influence behind this ?
i need to know what these people think of me .
there are so many transphobic guys but most of them are straight .
and there 's lots of transphobia in the gay community as well and i just need to be prepared .
is n't the humor flair meant for satire and the like ?
damn the thrill of breaking the law was the only reason i sucked all that dick
there was a drama where the guy talks about his heart burning or something like that .
fair but at least rivera throws fucking punches from time to time .
i do the same but this is getting extreme on least on the servers i play on with transport trucks sometimes driving up to our msp 's within 30 seconds of them stopping 200m away from the point .
on the other side i am getting shot at incredibly often scouting on foot for enemy msp's/fob 's hundreds of meters out in fairly random routes i deliberately take to avoid anyone like some guy sitting in a building past an uncappable objective just watching my approach .
it 's gotten to the point that either myself or a mate will often swap sides if we feel that something is n't right and just watch what the guy does on the map and often see incredibly obvious signs of wallhacks/screenwatchers .
my boxer releases some mean sewer gas but he farts like a 400lb man with huge ass cheeks .
i have never in my life heard a dog fart as loud as he can .
that 's until the room slowly fills with swamp like air that makes it hard to breathe .
ininja vpn extension on chrome set it to denver colorado watch it off of the avs website .
post your collection list and an what cardhoarders is offering i bet someone here will beat it
even that would be fine but i ca n't find a digital 4k version either .
well at least i 'm not a my body is my temple '' person
at my local retro game store the employee had never heard of shenmue and offered me 2 cents for a complete shenmue dreamcast version .
i 'm not sure how else i can persuade you that poop is not in my sexual repertoire .
fine you win i 'm done with ass holes they give me nothing but shit .
mata at 6.3 may look ok tbh ... utd have an alright run of games
i got them at the dc march on washington last year .
wed probably have ranked by now if the main sub didnt lose their shit when epic brought up the idea of sbmm back in january .
mom brought me home a killing joke when i was ten and i needed therapy .
did that take a long time to pose and was it hard ?
i recently had aya for the first time and was taken into the same world of snakes .
the snakes felt omnipotent and omnipresent in nature yet they had a devious tinge .
i know what you mean about the mayans egyptians hindu and native americans and more all revering snakes .
i 'm not christian but this experience has made me revisit the genesis story and ponder the meaning of that serpent .
why would the judeo-christians insist the serpent 's knowledge is evil side-note evil and eve name similarity .
the judeo-christians speak a lot about deceptive forces trying to deceive us away from the true path .
one is the gnostic pov that their god is the demiurge and the actual evil .
or it could be that it was an attempt to establish patriarchy in the paternal god yahweh being superior to goddess thus making us abandon reverence for women and mother earth .
because the serpent has always been associated with goddess worship .
or the bible could be right and following snakes actually has dangerous consequences on the astral plane .
i 'm inclined towards the first two possibilities but the biblical perspective is a bit troublesome ... ..
he has n't done a damn thing to earn a point .
you must be fun to take to comedy shows .
if he gets us back to national championship glory eventually people will gladly forget this
if you ever decide to upgrade and to a different brand you can get pretty much the price you paid back for the lenses .
furthest down the field pitt has been in the 2nd half right here ... .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions about this removal please read the rules faq https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules because it will have the answer .
sorry i was just in a call with my dad mr. epic games and he said ok np
and just a few weeks ago his mother passed away .
since then made his mlb debut for the bluejays guys been crushing it .
yeah i hate the rule whether it 's against my interests or for them .
negate the play call a 15 yard penalty reset at the spot of the fumble anything but a touchback and a change of possession .
someone validate my decision of starting bilal powell over dion lewis at rb2 in a 12-man non-ppr .
mond played mistake free football so that 's something to reflect on but one more tune up game before taking on alabama .
show this video to the big guys and they throw him out instead
yeah i still give us 50/50 shot of blowing it lol .
all of this said if there 's one thing i 've learned now that i 'm in my early 40s it 's that youth is so vastly overrated .
i 'm older more experienced more patient i make more money i 'm not as fucking clueless and just overall more content .
my 20s and 30s were actually pretty fucking good but i would never go back .
when you have a camille wall hugging with your team not being able to immediately shielding you when you jump in you 're instantly fucked .
he 's been inconsistent but there are a select few that uses his stats '' as a way to prove he 's good .
just goes to show you stats isnt everything in lol applies to most team games
having over 150 hrs in grumman 's between the cheetah and the tiger they are fantastic airplanes .
the visibility the economical speed just the way they fly and handle in the air man so much lighter and responsive on the controls than a slowhawk .
i am not sure this is the case but i have noticed that several on demands are available from premium channels that you are not subscribed to as free '' ... they are making some episodes/shows available in there to entice you to sign up .
rachel brosnahan as miriam maisel in the marvelous mrs maisel ''
works better when spoken in chandler bing voice ... . you 'll get it .
my family was like that too i had to learn to get comfortable with the fact that i am not perfect it 's impossible to be perfect and just be more relaxed about it .
ironically once you get comfortable about not being perfect it 's easier to try and learn new things and you actually end up learning more in the end and people respect you more too .
i really do n't give a shit what they contribute to their various causes .
that 's simply marketing bs as the prices are artificially inflated .
are the farmers who supply the coffee making more ?
that 's always the question regarding whether the coffee you 're consuming is ethically sourced or not .
the coffee community is small and tight and knows who 's who and what 's what .
it does to a number of folks from whom you 're not buying coffee .
im just concerned about how this would be percieved seeing as how im a first year teacher .
first year teachers are often non-renewed in my district so i dont want it to seem like im sucking up to her .
one thing i take away from this is the speed of j mod replies to minor issues .
yes because pulling your phone out for 3 seconds to take a picture is totally the same as driving with a half ton of loose rock on a flatbed .
you throw around toxicity and you know what you mean .
they 're just a neoreactionary trying to emulate moldbug 's writing style .
it wont let me schedule anyone earlier than 830am and it wont let me schedule another person till 10 .
i wonder if people suggesting this were even playing back then ... or maybe i am just weird for disliking this minigame .
so your argument for riven players all being onetricks is theres lots of streamers '' .
i 've nearly used up my current pressed powder which is from seventeen aaaaand discontinued .
it was a nice powder not much coverage but it was good for touch ups .
the problem with it is that it 's just way too loosely pressed to be a good portable compact .
it came in a plastic compact with a mirror which was nice if a little bulky but it was easy to depot and put into my stratton .
it 's so soft that it 's always losing product and making my compact messy and it 's starting to crumble because i accidentally dropped it off a chair .
for a touch-up powder i prefer really firmly pressed powders because they last longer .
well my way of doing things would be to sell a few and buy some weight like a 10 oz or so !
short stroking is removing the last tooth of the sector gear and piston .
cutting coils is pretty reliable when you only need a small change .
each coil is going to be about 15 fps .
i had an idea for a scene where a mother is eaten alive by her son who has been turned into a zombie and as he 's killing her he 's crying and apologizing over and over .
oh man i remember playing coop with my brother as a kid .
he is one of the most respected constitutionalists is a prominent federal judge and professor .
that 's not a precluding factor to be on the supreme court .
my mom recently found a letter i wrote to myself when i was in fourth grade .
i have the job i said i wanted live in the state i said i would have two dogs like i wanted .
the only thing i do n't have from all the things i wanted is children and i do n't want them .
so looks like i am the dream version of my childhood self and could n't be happier .
they do n't start at zero but fedex cup events are worth more points .
they do start at a reset points after today 's round based on their rankings .
the goal of the fedex cup is to boost interest in the fall where interest naturally wanes start of the football season and all .
so the fedex cup is the playoffs where the winner gets 10 million .
obviously that entices all the top golfers to compete in them instead of resting after the majors .
regarding your point on 82 no it does n't make a ruling in that regard .
from how i 'm interpreting it and given how it was argued by the city 's lawyers the judge is essentially saying that the province could n't provide justification for the reduction beyond 'what 's good for the goose is good for the gander ' .
did ford shoot himself in the foot by repeatedly saying that he would n't be touching any other city councils ?
oh but if you 're having this kind of problem and are afraid of sounding like a bitch '' then maybe they 're not really your friends ...
best thing you can do imho is rush through those floors to hit the 46-50 range .
there is a difference in both encounter difficulty and the mag chests died far more in 41-45 than i do in 46-50 and jackpots build up much higher due to more people farming them on the last tier .
plus you can always use the discord to help with going straight for the chests for those .
totally routine for anyone who has the powers of flight .
i honestly never expected this game to get a remaster .
it always seemed like one of those things the relative to other final fantasy 's small amount of people who played it were always bringing up but was out of the realm of likelihood .
this game has a really awesome atmosphere and world and the gameplay is a little simple but still super fun .
it 's an absolute blast in co-op and i can not wait for it to release !
some people have the energy to leave the house once or twice a week but need daily care .
they should still have home nursing because there are days they are homebound .
i 've seen that kind of thing used against people who have functioning levels that straddle the homebound line .
good days they can get out for an hour or two bad days they ca n't ... and insurance does n't understand they ca n't schedule a good day in advance .
that being said i very much doubt she has a daily nurse .
probably she has a weekly nurse and if you only need the nurse weekly and can get out once a week for pt at a regular apt time then you can get out once a week for the nurse too .
just objecting to the blanket if you can do one you can do them all '' thing .
seems to be working okay for the former fsu coach
my scale has gone up 2.2 lbs since friday due to what i call weekend eating '' yesterday i had panda express saturday i had bottomless mimosas and ate at two restaurants etc .
i would normally just not care about this but i do because over the past 90 days despite my cico and gym work my weight has been down just two pounds .
and how to recover and get back to former weight today ?
when they started it was a fun side project .
they both got busy with stuff that really paid and people sending them racist shit over the podcast made them take a break .
now ... it 's still on a break because every time they start to go back to it they start remembering the bullshit .
he talked about it on an interview for big sick promotion .
i 've had this conversation a lot with my friends all of which are girls and i really think it just boils down to the fact that girls are n't afraid to be intimate with other girls sleeping in the same bed cuddling etc .
where as men would n't dream of doing that with their friends generally i 'm sure there are some that do n't care .
i 'm not sure it 's a difference in our heterosexual orientations or if it 's just a matter of sensitive masculinity and what men and women think men should act like .
same thing happened to me except i was targeting goff/rivers and they were taken right in front of me .
i drafted matt ryan and just picked up alex smith before the game .
now i 'm torn between rolling with smith/ryan for the rest of the season or trying to trade for goff .
i feel like he 's gon na be a beast this season .
if your post is not flaired it will not be reviewed .
your post will be removed permanently if flair is not added within one hour .
you can flair this post by replying to this message with your flair choice .
it must be an exact match to one of the following flair categories and contain no other text
your post is not yet visible on the forum and is awaiting review from the moderator team .
have you searched for your question on askscience https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/search ? q=what 20could 20intelligent 20alien 20life 20forms 20look 20like 3f 20are 20there 20endless 20possibilities 20or 20general 20anatomy 20rules 20that 20limit 20the 20possibilities 3f sort=relevance restrict_sr=on t=all or on google https www.google.com/search ? q=what 20could 20intelligent 20alien 20life 20forms 20look 20like 3f 20are 20there 20endless 20possibilities 20or 20general 20anatomy 20rules 20that 20limit 20the 20possibilities 3f ?
common questions or questions covered in the faq https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/faq will be rejected .
are you asking for medical advice http redd.it/s4chc or does your post contain personal medical information ?
these questions even innocuous ones should be between you and your doctor .
questions involving unphysical what ifs or imaginary situations requiring guesses and speculation are best for r/asksciencediscussion .
there are more restrictions on what kind of questions are suitable for r/askscience the above are just some of the most common .
posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/quickstart/askingquestions on asking questions as well as our user help page https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/index wiki_askscience_user_help_page .
please wait several hours before messaging us if there is an issue moderator mail concerning recent submissions will be ignored .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskscience amp message=my 20post 20http redd.it/9eno23 if you have any questions or concerns .
hmm maybe but i might want to keep some things .
heroic u/gayhornyarcanine journeys 2000 miles to put dick in a horny sub 's ass
this is great to know thank you for your time and knowledge !
people seem to think he was expecting different results .
he did it for the sake of the experiment .
everyone knows the experience is gon na suck but the value the article brings is in the details .
i have free box codes for hellofresh gobble blue apron and plated .
i 'm looking to trade one of these for a free box from any other company not listed above .
every single major there is at least 30 of bots
you are a fucking wizard if you made it in 900 hours lmao .
congrats man i just hit it for the first time last week too .
ska sd övertygas att rösta för en alliansregering utan att få något i utbyte ?
det har uffe säkert inget emot däremot hoppas jag att sd har det ...
i do n't do this but i squint even when it 's cloudy .
each of the packs contain a little item from spidey 's life over the past 8 years or whatever it is that he 's been spiderman .
voice acted lines for each add a nice little touch .
send me a pm and we can figure out the details .
i asked rseding to add a modding interface called payload_category so that you can filter small payloads for small rockets big payloads for big rockets etc ... but he said no .
i have started on making a working mod but if you go upvote my request it might happen d
just on my desk near a window and a new cellphone with a good camera .
i personally just like looking at nice food and seeing all different kinds .
the homemade posts are definitely more personable and i 'm working towards posting some of my own .
i do n't know anyone i hate enough to ruin their life
i guess so but it still leaves a question in the air about no reviews on said msi line .
for me i had to accept that my usual activities i enjoyed with alcohol were probably going to suck for a while .
i loved dressing up and going out for dinner .
i felt so angry i could n't enjoy those evenings anymore .
took about a year no lie but now i can go and enjoy .
i think its actually fortunate it only took a year it 's worth a lifetime of enjoying it sober .
back in the day sehvag 's wicket decided if dravid 's gon na draw the match for us or win it .
i have killed 10 bosses this week and am 352 ilvl .
i 've had decent luck with forges but much of that is this week from mythic .
that ilvl is from doing a day 's worth of content in clearing all 10 dungeons on mythic on tuesday for two weeks in a row and then doing 3 the first wee doing emissaries and coa rep .
i played for an hour a day from wed-monday .
you do not have to buy your way into raid .
we have a player who killed all the bosses i did at 330 he was carried but mostly because of skill .
the azerite bar is not moving until more content comes out .
your argument is dumb and does n't make sense on any level .
you have until 09/11 10:47 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20180911t144757 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the rams 25 .
u/bob-ak-hsihs reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' 9efub3 ''
this is certainly true but would also note that in star trek 's time that in addition to instant cures for serious fatal diseases like cancer and the like 23rd century technology also includes instant remedies for things like eyesight broken bones wounds organ regeneration etc .
i would argue that from that alone you are probably looking at more fitness and better quality of life through advanced ages .
i would also argue that with the above canon-established cures you could assume things that would promote joint and metabolism health or just general active wellness but i do n't think we saw any of that on screen .
in any event even today i would say that there are probably more fit 50 year olds than there were 100 years ago .
maybe that 's wrong but that is my impression .
certainly as you reach super advanced ages i would agree that physical breakdown is inevitable .
i live down the street from 1337 and own an it company .
who knew that nobility and royalty used to marry each other ?
but for real this basically ignores the fact that nobility and royalty marrying each other across kingdoms for political purposes was an extremely common practice back then .
i would be willing to bet many even most royal lines would have vlad the impaler somewhere in their family tree even if just distantly .
but yeah it was totally a conspiracy even though this was done openly and widely known and british royalty totally carried on the tradition of eating peasants and enemies even though that was never a tradition and vlad was pretty unique for doing that .
i mean an entire legend and mythology as dracula the vampire arose from it .
if this was widely practiced down to today then why would vlad be the only one with a legend like this built around them ?
that instance maybe but i feel like i 'll notice skill mismatches a lot in the top tiers .
this is going to be a hypocritical comment to other posts i 've made but the problem is players that are absolutely clueless about what to do .
again this is a part of mm that is n't even factored i get it .
but it is frustrating when you know your top tiers are a pivotal role and you watch one zombie in the first 1 minute of the game and get obliterated
i have n't had to pick up poop for over a year !
it 's one of the best things i 've ever bought !
i swear the people who make posts like this are delusional .
the removal of side step would do nothing to turn this game into a turn based one .
we get additional new mechanics and counters every update from new units and the like .
why would a player that retired 8 years ago need to be roided up ?
i used a 89 iv level 35 for umbreon and now it 's always my gym defensor level 40
the article says bagua was incorrectly associated with daoism .
um the i-ching 's eight trigrams and eight trigram fist not associated ?
who would have thought the best known chinese text a foundational text for daoist and confucian philosophy that would later be used as the basis for the arrangement of the martial system by the name eight trigram fist or baguazhang would have no connection to the book that teaches us of the trigrams in the first place .
this entire article is brought into question to have made such a dunderheaded mistake as this .
he was a swannie before he was with the deemeez and he was with fitzroy before that .
if he goes to the suns to help sort out that shit show then good they need all the help the can get especially if it 's from roosey .
i only spent 18 for 3 months of loot socks and got a free dx .
i agree give us back the bf1 version of spawning after death .
crime rates and inflation are definitely scare tactics at least in the us currently
its pretty fucking awesome i can root for khalil mack now .
i mean if you need bricks there are some in 2 of 3kliksphilip 's maps
i remember watching that walking dead episode thinking it was the worst attempt at an irish accent i 've ever heard never thought it was an actual irishwoman .
let 's just hope they never discover the band chromeo or you know ... chrome .
can you point to a story like what you describe ?
i 'd love to also see the character posters .
i think matt karen foggy and fisk are overdue for new ones .
the day socialism takes hold in america is the day i leave .
necro is ... kinda special '' in that its f1 mechanic basically allows the class to have two full hp bars .
necro 's especially the reaper elite spec personal survivability without the need for defensive gear which you should never buy into for open-world solo content btw it 's a trap is pretty much among the highest of all 9 classes for how piss-easy the class actually is to play .
a minion-build reaper or scourge can basically solo pretty much anything that does n't 1-shot you on hit .
engi can sort of finagle its way around solo'ing a champ maybe via some turret shenanigans but you have to be good at the class first to do that .
smashes racket does n't get warning or violation does n't react because there 's nothing to react to .
federer has a history of arguing with judges and rarely if ever gets a violation .
he has said a lot harsher things than thief '' too so i do n't know if you do n't know what you 're talking about forgot what we 're talking about or just guessing but no .
even the new africa version by weezer i had to hear just because .
i do n't watch america 's got talent but i saw a story about some choir singing that song on agt .
you ... you realize that second case '' has no name or other verifiable information and was not put on the sex offender registry right ?
also your quote still does n't show a single case of a person being put in a sex offender registry for public urination .
do we just throw the scientific method out the window when our feelings want us to ?
i already do that p i more meant outside of pet names .
mike mccarthy looks like waitresses use the term molested to describe what he does to birthday cakes .
of course i would why would i even try to have an actual conversation with someone trying to insult me ?
i use the m4 cuz i 'm a fuck up and therefore i can be less of a fuck up .
for 3.5 they have this thing called scent '' were creatures and other monsters have it allows you to detect anything with accurate precision 5 feet in any direction so sneak attacks wont work .
i am very excited about the first task i have been going well and i am confident i will stick to it and i am looking forward to dropping another 5 kilos .
will be huge confidence booster which i sorely need right now .
the work item comes next very important for me and it requires me to cleanse my emotional mind after each episode which is happening very frequently these days as i have stopped walking on egg shells .
yesterday she had an intense dysregulation and i spent like 2 hours soothing her .
i was so exhausted after that normally i would just binge on some snack and spend any own-time i have in front of tv .
but i did some object based mindfulness and i was surprised to find really charged up to do some work .
i even managed to fall alseep earlier than usual .
is the hidden joke that the guy who fucked up pr is named patrick ?
and it turns out clemson got killed in the playoffs .
who would have thought getting beaten by syracuse would mean anything ?
do n't confuse having your conspiracy theories debunked with being mistreated .
everyone is just telling you facts you do n't like .
this asshole has been shitting on other people 's posts in the sub too .
my opinion is that you should go fuck yourself under your bridge you fucking troll .
unlike other animals humans have taken deliberate steps to avoid children seeing adults have sex and have deliberately and inadvertantly spread lies about how it works .
it is logically necessary that the carlin quote is true .
just feeling tired and defeated so reading this gives me hope i can do it
i probably should have said hate on '' bad phrasing on my part .
spain 2018 this year i was rooting for lo malo .
i 'll give you a hint majority of crying unsatisfied players here are casual as fuck .
i mean they do not do anything harder than lfr and do not socialize they are not in a good guild with some activities .
3 days rt 1 2 days mythic add wqs add some pvp aaand we have a full week of activities .
i personally do n't have time to do everything i want but those crying guys do they want live in wow for 24/7 ?
yes i am going to deal with it by putting you on the spot in front of everyone to see how much courage you have in your conviction .
birkenstock like cork bottoms with a seamless wool upper .
according to this we have a better chance of beating colorado state than idaho .
i definitely added most of that info in my little blurb because i often feel the same !
so i like to think i made it relatively easy but the results were so-so .
i agree they are ugly and usually do n't fit in but your example is bad .
that is an awesome shower especially in the context of the rest of the house .
hopefully you 're right though would n't a new deal-esque approach fly in the face of pelosi 's aims to adopt pay go '' if she is made speaker again and is speaker at the time in this hypothetical situation ?
not to mention the democratic party now and the democratic party of fdr are different in some key ways .
being boldly progressive is n't exactly this democratic party 's known quality or characteristic though there are reasons to believe that they are trying to make moves to get back on that track .
that 's the best way to correct course in the short and long-term .
not too worried about bjergsen doing his best to carry tsm .
it 's grig and our inconsistent bot lane that i 'm worried about .
it just never worked out that they called a screen against one of those plays .
keeping the relationship going after the i love you '' is no longer genuine
not checking up on each other after a period of tine asking how they think their relationship is going
videos of guys jerking off extra points if loud moaning is involved is about a thousand times more of a turn on than staring at a dick pic .
john peter smith is one of the biggest hospitals in the state if not the largest .
it seems like much of this money we spend is n't to cover the patients but the costs of the hospital and all the slimy business that goes with it .
but in my experience during high school we received many benefits equipment and instruments .
the low point was all these child slaves yelling at the bow hero about what a good master naofumi is .
my horse does that all the time and it 's very very annoying .
competitive trash talk can only add value to the scene .
i may be wrong but it sounds like you are letting him get to know a deeper part of you .
the best kind of relationships start as best friends .
most make the mistake of looking for something that is never there .
it 's never there because you expect it to be much more than what you have been told it to be .
passion is more than a craving satiated it 's a desire to express the deepest meaning of our love .
well probably i mean it 's most likely not going to just blown away .
but you could lose some roofing or a tree could fall on it .
nova is highly unlikely to see 100mph winds so complete roof loss or structural damage is unlikely .
but hurricanes can spawn tornados and violent storms in the rain bands .
you could see flooding so i would check your elevation and take note of areas around you that you have seen flooding as these areas will certainly be more flooded .
only you can judge the worthy ness of you home .
my focus would be that utility disruption for a short medium duration could occur due to trees coming down on lines and plan for that .
remember your fridge will stay cold for 2 3 days .
fill zip lock bags or milk jugs with water now and fill your freezer fridge as it will keep it cold and give you usable cooking water cook perishable foods first on your bbq grill if no electric use flashlights instead of candles for lighting .
get with your neighbors and help each other before during and after the storm .
stay away from downed lines and out of flood and standing water .
momo came in first during the quirk apprehension test on the first day of school .
that test was more for physical fitness than combat skills per se but she started the series with a pretty solid combination of physical prowess and presumably strategic deployment of her quirk .
we wont have any of that language here thank you very much
let mike find another woman who does n't want kids .
taking on kids in your forties needs to be a labor of love .
you do n't want to be bone tired in the middle of the night and ask your partner to take a turn with the kid and be told you 're the one who wanted the kid so you 'd better go do it yourself .
he 's now changed his mind once he can change it back again later once you 've married him .
it does bring up the question though how does a woman tell another woman oh please i live near an airport and my life is much scarier than yours . ''
without knowing where i live and whether i live in an even higher crime place ?
when i have time i think i 'm going to work on a zombies one .
nah they 're not related i dont think la seyne-sur-mer is pretty far from marseille article just mentioning two kalashnikov shootings in the same night .
he 'd probably say he 's a very fine man and call him to congratulate him on his reelection .
if not doubled the sales number would in fact go up a significant amount .
the western front could not have succeeded american paratroopers halted resupply lines and artillery and infantry made up a large portion of the invasion force or possibly even been started without the americans even without our people we basically paid the bill by providing armaments and vehicles but all the countries involved were very much important to the success of the operations done there once it started and many good men from many countries fought and died to see it 's success not just america .
or antipathy to people who are n't illegal immigrants '' .
a dev explicitly confirmed that the default option should be clear for example being set by default based on your last manual setting .
for other people reading this orwell was writing about stalinism not marxism .
he gives more insight on this in his essay why i write '' which you can read here http www.george-orwell.org/why_i_write/0.html .
it feels right for there to be something mh-related by then .
at the same time capcom 's current focus for the upcoming fiscal year is resident evil 2 remake and devil may cry 5 two highly anticipated titles that could use all the marketing and attention they can get .
they are completely different teams from mh 's but it 's still certainly a case of cannibalizing their target audience .
also we know we have at least 2 more monsters coming our way for mhworld and the autumn festival wo n't be around until after tgs .
it would n't make sense to announce a whole g-rank expansion before they have even finished delivering all the downloadable extras for this base edition .
i 'm going to push it by predicting a nintendo switch title instead .
mhxx has been out over a year and a half in japan which is enough time for the b-team to work on something brand new .
if capcom were to go for a simultaneous western and japanese release in 2019 like they did with world then it makes sense that they got mhgu launched before then so that western switch players would have mh on their radar especially before tgs .
rathalos in super smash would basically be free advertisement '' for them come december .
this would also resolve the problem that i mentioned above about resident evil 2 and dmc5 since those titles will release on other consoles other than the switch .
just something that i dislike about picking the world footballer of the year people look too much at stats and amount of prizes won .
i feel people should just look at the skill of a player .
rate them on their ball control dribbling passing runs vision etc .
for example people say sneijder deserved the ballon d'or in 2010 .
i remember both messi and sneijder playing in that season .
all the talent messi showcased was greater than sneijders .
sure sneijder performed wonderfully and he helped in winning the cl for inter but comparing the talent of both players in that season and messi just outshined everyone .
you could only say that sneijder had a better pass in 2010 than messi .
this is also my argument when people say messi and ronaldo ca n't be one of the greatest of all time because they never won the world cup .
such nonsense i do n't even rate the wc as high like i used to do as a kid .
i think the cl has a higher level of football but that 's a different discussion .
it 's just nonsense to say someone can only be the greatest ever because of winning a world cup .
the players can still showcase brilliance throughout their career like a johan cruyff did who also never won a world cup .
he still revolutionized football and brought new things into the game .
he still is a gem to watch on old videos .
sure winning prizes is important but it is n't the factor that decides that someone is good .
with a 144hz+freesync monitor vsync is actually my friend now .
144 fps is plenty and there is no reason to have more fps because of tearing or thousand fps in menus making my gpu sweat for no reason .
i mean judging from your username you 're basically a relative of father christmas right ?
a split or two in tcl could change that though .
caps also played there before he joined fnc iirc .
an entire fallen expansion an actual name drop and still no cloak of taniks
yeah so i should be extremely scared out of watching a show within a show .
link provided on my ig and youtube account on my post simply click them
not saying he does not deserve to be on the list but i ca n't place him in front of lloris .
it is true that united would 've been in a different part of the table if not for de gea but he had a pretty bad world cup where lloris had been consistent throughout .
you mean how they made a great skin for him ?
and yes i suppose we could change it to english us .
... .thats the entire point of his character ... .
the guildford flames are closer to london than the panthers but nottingham still is n't far and has a much better arena and atmosphere .
it 's not the truth at all though it 's utter nonsense with absolutely no substance .
football clubs all across europe were founded on political beliefs and ideas .
just because you think football should n't include politics does n't mean it wo n't your opinion is based on nothing and it 's ignorant .
if you really think tens of thousands of working class people from the same background with the same beliefs is n't a catalyst for political expression then you are nothing more than naive mate .
my absolute best and easiest cook up a healthy grain quinoa amaranth millet wild rice and then roast a bunch of random vegetables onions broccoli sweet potatoes fennel is a combo we do often in the oven with olive oil salt and pepper and maybe a little bit of thyme .
you can even pre-prep the cut veggies the night before or whatever .
random veggie soup sautee some vegetable/s of choice with olive oil throw in the pot add water and some herbs and salt and pepper or chicken broth if you have it on hand use the hand blender and zither it into soup .
can also use old bread for croutons throw in oven and toast with olive oil
flatbreads either homemade or storebought pizza dough throw toppings of choice and cheese on it cook and eat .
because he 's telling her exactly how to change up her play ...
i tried to do a gradient fill square over it to try to make it look like the paint but it looked weird .
for the fan what tool would you suggest i use to take it out ?
the twitter post seems to have been removed before i could even have the chance to say how fake the thumbnail sounded
2nd week in a row there has been a positive segment on good morning america about cannabis !
it feels so good that the mainstream is finally catching up to what i have believed in for so long .
if the idea of customizable editor appeals to you dive into the deep deep complex hole that is emacs .
i did i use vim still but between my vim and emacs i made the keyboard shortcuts for the more general commands the same .
no every cpu is different and one that may work on 1 cpu may not work on another .
i 100 agree about courtois and i do think that lloris should be there but i think ddg somewhat deserves it as well .
he 's a huge reason as to why united had a good league result last year .
my main shock other than not having oblak is that alisson or ederson did n't get nominated who both had fantastic seasons .
this happens fairly often among pros throwing nades as well .
the mueller probe has conjured up butt-fuck nothing congress is poised to turn even more bright red ... democrats must feel like rats jumping from a sinking ship about now .
soon we will have a national right-to-work law ... and when that happens there goes all funding for the left .
gm makes another car it takes a few sales from the other model .
either way gm sold a car ... how much harder is it ?
you do n't usually get massive changes in that kind of thing between generations .
we got there from people talking to each other .
language can be vague whether there 's free will or not .
we just had a badly damaged cast iron tub manufactured in 1904 refinished by robert bigonesse owner and operator of pro shine 819-770-5399 and could n't be happier .
he 's a great guy to work with and the price was unexpectedly inexpensive .
i 'm guessing chicago because my sociopathic trump-like incompetent father works there .
but this probably happens everywhere because doctors have terrible culture of denying symptoms of patients which i personally learned from going to the hospital with my own infection .
30 year olds i was basically told only come in at night for painkillers/drugs even when they ask for antibiotics and are sure they got infected after some sex act injuries .
i 've crashed twice so far after this patch.. once looking at the delve map .
another in the den in act 7.. makes me worried
i ca n't even concieve of how someone could arrive at that point of view
i do n't really understand people ragging on that .
it 's not like the guy played an entire season and those were all the highlights he had .
do n't 👏 call 👏 yourself 👏 pan 👏 sexual 👏 if 👏 you 👏 ca n't 👏 deep 👏 throat 👏 a 👏 pan 👏
good quality board ca n't beat it for the price .
where i live the profession you mention could be tipped but if you do it is because you 're happy about the service and it 's not requested .
last night was a bit of a blow but we 've still got this 💜
this is why depression is so insidious it affects everything .
a problem with your knees wo n't stop you from wanting to get help with your knees but a problem with your brain can make you not want to get help with your brain .
what 's stopping you may feel like an invisible force but there 's a good chance you can figure out what it is if you spend some time thinking about it .
another more practical piece of advice i could give is just to make it a routine .
every x weeks you go to the therapist and that 's that .
if you have to change an appointment because of vacation or something then do n't cancel it just change the date .
if you can try to avoid using terms like suck it up '' when talking to yourself .
people with depression can rarely just do this that 's also part of the disease .
it 's weird i do n't see more of this in the comments did commenters really miss the dog whistle tone on this one ?
there must be two dart boards in all bars .
there is a billiards room which is run by the english
there is a pinball and pool table room which is run by the new confederacy and must include 2 8 ball deluxe machines .
there is a japanese room which must be as far as possible from the american room and the japanese room must be larger .
there is a german room that must be as far as possible from the japanese and english rooms but priority in placement is givne to the japanese .
the scots run the rooftop pool area except for the upper bar .
bobby flay is permanent master chef of the kitchen .
the iron chef permanent other master chef of the kitchen
all walls must be covered with ivy to honor ivy the aphostic for her hard work bringing about tip club .
and ivy the aphostic and the aphasic and dawn eos ' daughter are the two tip entities permitted in the club .
the other tip clubs may only be in the major city of a major realm on a major planet .
except for tip club at the inn at the station foir ripton .
harrison ford sometimes and always han solo is cowboy boot checker for tip club mos eisley .
rufus sewell is boot checker for tip club berlin the reich
eric idle is first wellington boot checker for tip club the inn at the station for ripton
hehe yes my character have some inspiration from his art among other sources .
i mean i can just speak from my personal experience now so here goes .
i also had problems dealing with ww once kept having no idea how to play around her and getting blown up so i 've watched a couple abed replays in which he played perfectly around her and just copied him .
it is n't really that hard once you have an idea of how to approach the game with a ww in the enemy team .
after blinking in the main one just nets and retreats staying in eblade range but outside of curse range while the other three kill the target same for when you 're splitpushing and focusing buildings it 's still more than enough damage to kill someone usually
also this trick has the added benefit of respawning with aegis where your main meepo is i 've ratted that way when aegis was about to time out blink in with the main one poof others to him run as far as possible with the main one before the enemy has time to react take buildings with the other three if they die you respawn far away from their base .
i 've been in the 5k range since dota 2 came out for what it 's worth .
spammed meepo since 2008. if you wan na see how to play around wyvern i might dig up some replays .
early wii days baby where literally everything had to be 100 motion controls .
.. would n't it just keep playing as well as it can ?
this might be one where the bot clearly has one up on tiltable humans .
at worst it would ignore it but if they finally implement item decisions it could try to replace the lost items if they were important for the team .
wtf lmao some people have too much time on their hands
oscorp is already fucking with symbiotes obviously it 's not a stretch to say they duplicated it .
fighting lasher scream and crew would be a decent set of bosses .
make the hosts people peter knows and bam you got a stew going .
i hope for the love of god the true venom '' of the game ends up being eddie .
i do n't mind if it starts on harry you take it from him then eventually discard it and it finds eddie .
you fight they symbiotes and eventually team up with venom against carnage .
letting you get the lethal protector '' at the end .
i 've recently sold sky blue for 8 and pink for 4 so i 'd probly be looking for about 5-6 for these .
i guess i 'd take 5 if you 're down but i think that 's the lowest i 'd go atm .
gms would do good to identify what exactly they want from women and have the balls to leave when it 's not happening .
this is how i envision gms balls integrity and honesty .
if women are not showing interest you move on to the next one .
the problem is what 's the use in saying there 's always plenty of fish '' if the only lake you have to fish in is clearly polluted and maggots do n't seem to be effective bait for some reason ?
it all goes somewhere that is n't on the floor .
how do you feel about men when you tell them how many children you want to have from the times you 've had sex with your father while you 've been doing housework ?
then you just need to tabulate where she does and does n't disagree with you on the relevant points .
was feeling high on my advice and upped the worth lol .
but seriously i just think we should aim for the 90 day reboot and afterwards the nofap lifestyle .
i 'm open to living in a new state for a few years but eventually come back to texas .
i think in a 1 v 1 match up is ashe favoured but bot lane is not about 1 v 1 in lane mordekiser is heavily dependent on support and jungle ganks meanwhile ashe has lvl 6 kill potential in lane if mord is n't poked out in early lvls his sheild gon na be strong and then mord basically beacomes unkillable in 2 v 2 fights but after bilgwatercutless or bork if ashe player is decent at kiting it becomes so hard for not only mord but any male champion to fight her out side of lane it depends that how strong mord is if mord is with dragon you shiuld run cause stats from drag gon na make mord a tank if mord is missing on map rember to hwak shot baron pit cause mord can do baron preety effectively with a ghost or with 2 other persons
tldr in lane ashe is strong early mord is strong at mid game this match up is basically on skill of ashe player of kiting and not get all inned
my account was also banned i ca n't even access the support ticket .
it says my account was banned due to suspicious activity '' but all i did was attempt to buy shit through their payment system two transactions one that went through and the second one which apparently also went through but they never sent the funds for and now i 'm banned .
i legitimately do not understand how this company is still in business .
the games like 30 on humble bundle rn just buy it .
3 year trade deal between castamere seagard initiated at 20 .
he also has a payed chat called learn time profit where he makes day trading call outs in real time .
and because it 's not nearly as ugly as it could be .
the xf8u-3 would like a word with you as far as ugly crusaders go .
leadership is a skill although it 's hard to be a leader for skilled jobs when you have no idea what you 're talking about nor will people respect you as a leader .
common sense im a dollar short and a day late the production on this one is excellent
you could replace him with a ex-5th round vet right now and nobody would be able to tell the difference .
well i 'll give it a shot thanks for the help !
one of the best fantasy hockey podcasts i know .
i 'm pretty sure this is a drone shot .
if you scroll through op 's flickr feed and some of their past posts it 's obvious they have access to one and use it often .
and you 're still at a point where weekly milestones reward you with something higher than 1 .
also danzo took one of his eyes ... . guess that 's why zoro keeps his eye close
this is a promotion issue i ai n't a crazy person blaming the writers or actors i truly believe they really did try to include a side of the lgbt community
but promoting this season with this kind of posters and to only have two short scenes about this at most side plot is baiting
i only can hope you will finish this ... been burnt too often last attempt by project vaulderie by arturo shutdown by those assholes of ccp
these prices motivate me towards savings and skipping the idea of buying a car
oh yeah since its navy blue i would also suggest 2 wide white racing stripes and some dark tinted windows .
i think that would give it a very nice look and should be very easy to accomplish .
one thing i forgot to mention is some forged aluminum rims like what weld wheels https www.weldwheels.com/street-and-strip-wheels offers will not only give your car a nice look but also lower your rotating unsprung weight which is the most important weight on your car .
this will make it handle better stop faster accelerate faster and also get you better mpg not a lot but every bit counts .
go for some 17 's and some nitto https www.nittotire.com/competition-tires/nt555r-dot-compliant-competition-drag-radial-tire or mickey thompson http www.mickeythompsontires.com/drag-tires/et-street-s-s drag radials and you 'll have traction for days .
i 'm not saying that she 's dumb or even remotely that .
i 'm just saying that if you 're a model my first intuition is not ‘alright she 's got a phd in electromechanical engineering ' .
i 'll just think that you 're a model .
just like if you were my plumber i 'd not magically assume that you were good at spanish .
it still sucks that a hometown place like that has to say ok we wo n't do wings because papa fuckin ' john 's says so '' just to get a lease .
corporate restaurants put those non-competes in their leases like that out of fear .
i know no one else in the galleria food court is allowed to serve a fried chicken sandwich because chick-fil-a has the exclusive rights .
even wendy 's back in the day could n't do their chicken .
worried that more people like wendy 's fried chicken than yours ?
my first ar was a del-ton sport lite 2 and i was so confused why mine did n't have a forward assist brass deflector or dust cover when other ars did .
that being said not having those has never been an issue for a range toy .
except for the time my lefty friend tried my del-ton .
he hated it because he kept getting pelted with brass lol .
my other rifle with an a2 upper did not give him the same trouble .
heki is just an average soldier with intense training that 's go with his troop too .
but the reason of his survival mostly because he 's the commander with full compliment of honour guard plus he hardly ever engage in a suicidal manner like what shin and ouhon do all the time .
however i put him down in these few last chapter is because of his fucking complacent and his delusion that he can go on and fight like shin .
the guy got huge potential but just not the same way shin/ouhon/mouten does which he knew but still go for it anyway and fail multiple time for it .
fuck off with your sexism bullshit since that 's what you 're obviously aiming for .
can you link to a statement made by usta shaming her for winning '' ?
i 'm a little interested in tennis motly just watch the grand slams but my mom is religious about it so we 've been talking about it some and i have n't heard or read anything like that .
i went to a junkyard and pulled a seat out of an old car and mounted it to a few 2×4s the car seat only cost 35 bucks it works really well two years later
i will pay the nfl 1/3 of my salary if they have the browns go 0 0 16 and then 16 0 0
do n't get me wrong i do n't hate on sa .
i bought it and only put 15 hrs into it but i bought it just to have it .
the player base will continue to exist dayz will be a legendary game like doom in 20 yrs .
4 yrs ago it was this mysterious obsession console players could only ask us about .
i 'd totally recommend the game to people just more likely to recommend it maybe if you 've just never played dayz at all if you were a big a2 dayz guy that liked mods just get arma 3 and play exile .
it 's worth a play kind of like no man 's sky and terraria mixed
only btc eth and xrp consistently have more transactions than doge and it 's still 20 in market cap when a lot of those old coins have died off .
admittedly a lot of that transaction volume is kids throwing pennies-worth of doge at each other for lulz but doge still works really well .
yeah but any corvette with the 2014 body styling is pretty expensive .
the game was lost with a little bit more then 2 minutes left ... packers had no timeouts and it was 3rd and 1 ... you run the ball and only good things can happen .
you get the first down game is over ... you do n't get the first down ?
it 's now the 2 minute warning and it 's most likely 4th and 1 or so ... then you go for it again..
being up 3 going for the daggers is a lot better than playing it safe and kicking a fg to let aaron rodgers come down and beat you .
31 years old and this is by far the toughest loss i can recall ... before this it was the lovie smith squib kick game a few years back.. this one kills
south park co exists in its own right its just not a city .
it is an open range land area on the south side of park county .
not much to do there but there are some nice views .
nah but there are some eggy chapters i could read for that if i was so inclined .
i 'm sure this is a can of worms i 'm opening but why are people stuck an cavemen diets ?
pretty sure they lived to like their upper 30 's ?
i 'm probably missing something but primitive eating is better how ?
well it is so rare that most ppl dont know what it is lol
please let me know how i can repay this once i get everything settled .
i will also pm you once i can conjure up a proper thank you .
if indian situation was prevailing in europe many languages wo n't even exist .
you wo n't even be able to understand most of what is being said in harynavi a harynavi and bhojpuri would not even be able to converse together .
you are ignorant if you think there is no literature in haryanavi and bhojpuri .
haryana has rich tradition of ragini 's and jakari/folk songs .
how about mr brewmaster being such a pu y that he starts panicking maybe even crying ?
at the sight of a single walker approaching and needs begs for the guy in a wheelchair to protect him ?
slower traffic keeps right and left lane is explicitly for passing .
i do n't drive below the speed limit unless there 's severe weather or something else that impedes the flow of traffic/requires caution .
have you also ever seen a qb extend plays for dozens of seconds or use the hard count to get free plays and then throwing a dime for a touchdown or catching 12 men on the field and doing the same thing ?
i 've been saying that for like 5 years at this point .
it makes me sad just thinking of what an actual competent dev could do with the ip knowing it will never happen .
i just leave them in the brown cardboard box they come in and leave the box in a corner of the closet .
i find it best to just chat the usual shit .
i can see btc staying on this downtrend but i believe in vet .
i wonder where classic wow would fit in that logic
moral king has been released today for all curators .
thus each curator our little indi game project is available .
we hope that some open and honest reviews are written and that our game gives you pleasure .
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
it 's super rare but the first volcano quests are the earliest you can get it .
as you rank up you pass this sweet spot where it 's almost everywhere then suddenly it 's incredibly rare again .
i get 90 of my dragonite ore by sending the meownster hunters to the low rank volcano it 's almost always spawning there and they usually bring back two ores on average .
but if he 's trying to get a print he should wait until the veil has broken no ?
for 1.15 its held on sept. 12th as according the schedule .
c9 lost to play in the real finals tsm vs c9 .
hostnestly it 's more of f2p than newbies that hate all mlb .
i 'd always just thought it was the same high as mdma but with a more psychedelicy headspace and visuals .
get a custom chibi robo amiibo that holds the ring box .
wow there is a lot of dumb money getting thrown around in here lol .
this is the reason why tons of people drink and do drugs .
with the shortened play zone times i feel like there 's always people to engage on the new map .
i 've bought 3 asus products and i 'll never buy another .
the monitor has a defect in the lcd that shows as a bright dot of light and the power led failed .
the motherboard randomly loses bios settings although that has n't happened in a while .
i had to restart the router every month or so because it kept locking up .
i broke down a bought a linksys ac5400 and it has n't given me a single problem .
they go undercover to meetings of cult/supernatural groups and tell you about what happened .
but it 's also much funnier/more cheerful than you 'd expect with that subject matter !
she cries and cried and then everyone on her side is pulling the race card .
i honestly ca n't believe they have n't implemented something like this yet .
it would be such a simple solution to something pretty much all of the playerbase wants .
endings are the last impression a show makes seeing how the last quarter of darling was a mediocre mess i can see why it felt like you were cheated out of your 12 hours .
however personally i will always love the anime because it really appealed to me but it should have gone for a home run but stopped in the third base .
i 've had a few runs to see how much income i could have by round 100 with and without double cash .
i have n't used this strategy without dc but i 'd guess it would yield around 6 million or more .
i had 134x 0 4 1 druids giving an average of 1400-1550 each ability use
i had 35x 2 4 0 banks which i collected from roughly 5 full times each
i had fifth tier bank that i collected from roughly 5 times and used the ability around 41 times
for those who are unfamiliar dc allows you to start the game with 1700 .
this along with double cash from pops and round income allows for a strong start toward farming .
i did n't realize how effective this run would be as it was my first attempt so my strategy is going to be recollected from memory
place free dart monkey in the elbow starting at the second curve set targeting to strong
place farm in bottom right corner and upgrade to 1 0 0
save money for 2 3 0 bank by the end of round 8
by another farm to the left of the first farm this is the start of a chain of farms along the bottom should be able to fit 9 comfortably along the bottom edge
work up two more farms in line with the first two and build each farm up to 2 0 0
build first farm to imf loan then second to imf
buy druid along bottom of the curve try to hit 4 farms after range upgrade upgrade to 0 4 1
always buy druid ability before range upgrade to work on the cool-down first
continue to buy banks along bottom edge and then in a line under the middle road this leaves room for two rows of druids one along each row of banks should be able to fit five to the left of the curve one to the right
keep the two most recent farms as 2 0 0 until one is upgraded to an imf bank .
always have two 2 0 0 farms out in front .
after that buy about three or four druids to make income along the bottom
basically focus on using your money to buy farms then upgrading them to imf banks .
place a druid for every two maybe three farms whatever your extra cash allows .
use druids to measure out space for two druid rows between each row of farms .
keep using imf loans until you have every spot filled with farms druids and their upgrades as a final purchase buy a fifth tier bank it 'll pay itself off in 7 uses with monkey knowledge .
imf loan gives you money earlier so spend it on your income towers .
the earlier you buy farms and druids the earlier they can start making you money .
upgrade the starting dart monkey to triple darts with camo detection as needed you may have enough druid power to save your money
letting the first camo bloon slip through gives your druids more time toward their abilities
a submarine is the most efficient way to handle camo bloons as it helps until the final rounds and takes up less space in the water .
upgrade to energizer when your druids are all placed and upgraded reduces their ability cooldown .
two arctic winds allow you to place a bank along the bottom edge of the pool surrounded by druids place your sub first .
an icicle impale along the bottom-left of the second curve handles blimps especially ddt 's .
a single 0 2 3 glue gunner on the top-right of the first curve allows for heavier rounds to be passed while giving more time for druid abilities .
i used a super brittle ice monkey to help weaken the bad .
note the position i placed my super brittle in only allowed for it to attack five or six times .
this was enough to break the bad have the sub detect the ddt 's and let the icicle impale finish of blimps .
any less did n't seem to break the bad fast enough any more took away time from abilities .
i tried using other towers to break the bad instead of super brittle and the closest i got was a 0 0 4 ninja which had 2500 damage alone this is the amount of extra damage i needed to break the bad in time to be able to fully pop its children .
round 100 should last long enough to get all three uses from your druid ability and two from fifth tier bank .
after those abilities are used up you can use your imf loan abilities as one final push of income .
note wait for your other abilities to be used and as many bloons to be popped as you can so they do n't lose cash from loan repayment .
thanks for reading and i hope you try out the imf upgrade .
the general public that ... were in favour of the iraq war ...
all of whom would have hailed from the right or centre .
she 's really hut with the smokey eye though would n't say it 's strictly a knock
hela diskussionen handlade om hur kollektivavtal begränsar möjligheten till stridsåtgärder .
så mitt svar som visade hur möjligheten till stridsåtgärder begränsas i en viss lag är högrelevant .
frågan om en ensam person kan genomföra stridsåtgärder kom från ditt behov av att låta smart med en gotcha '' istället för att faktiskt bidra med något nytt till diskussionen .
detta gäller speciellt eftersom stridsåtgärder är en facklig handling alltså omöjligt att göra om du inte redan är facklig på ett eller annat sätt .
uppenbarligen förstår du inte hur facket och lagarna kring det fungerar .
om du ser tillbaka på konversationen mellan oss så ser du att det enda du gör är att dra samtalet i en cirkel medan jag faktiskt försöker tillföra något .
maybe it 's too late but i just found your post .
also in st. vital and tested a few years ago with average 98 bq .
probably a good idea to retest every few years though .
sure but if breaking the lease comes with a next+last month penalty you save even more !
teach a man to fish and he 'll spend all day in a boat drinking beer .
like why get a tattoo when i could pay off my credit card ?
i also do n't give two shits about art in general .
that 's a big part of it i think .
wwu formula sae for 5 years i believe they 're still running on the suspension system that i designed 😊
but plenty of people especially rich white people do the same things with a much lower chance of getting convicted ?
also are you really in the camp of it 's wrong to break the law even if the law is wrong ? because it was illegal to be gay in many places not long ago
agree with the be nice bit being a bit of bunk .
yes nice is nice and kind is good it does n't solve the problems .
but i do believe it is human nature not the whole of human nature but some prominent parts of it .
i look around me forget the elite or whatever you want to call those with more power average people want more power and are self serving .
it 's something about just being armed to the teeth and blocking this shit ton of damage with a shield .
gim me two damn two handlers and lem me go wild .
but honestly ret is a safer bet because you can heal tank or dps .
right now they 're amazing dps and unstoppable in world pvp .
figure out what each class brings and how they play and decide .
is x good never does it for me. it 's all about class fantasy and rotation flow .
mattress if you 're spending 1/3 of your life sleeping might as well get a good night sleep .
honestly i got frustrated with gambit yesterday and jumped off .
i kept dying trying to make up for teammates banking only 1-2 motes at a time .
here i am trying to throw in a med-lrg blocker and bam i 'm dead .
think it 's just growing pains with a new match type ?
just do n't have a group to play with right now .
edit and i just oced it and amd master is jumping all over the place dorm 65-75 but afterburner is 44-45
2 edit maybe they use a different way to measure ?
3 edit nah it 's afterburner that is fucking up when i checked the hwinfo64 the program that afterburner supposed to be getting the temps from and it is the same temps as amd master
i think you should enjoy it as long as you do n't expect the polish of the second one .
pretty sure this is just a rich people get together
i wish there was something we could do besides voting that does n't invoke violent rebellion .
i feel like republican politicians think there will never be any real consequences for their actions .
there needs to be or else it 'll keep happening .
truly hope kamakazee plays as good as he did in preseason .
it 's weird to think of our pets not being the apex predator in the area
i feel like it would work a lot better without ice just put cold water in
how do you manage to do what you do without being affected by so much darkness ?
i thought i was going to miss fuller a lot yesterday with arizona featuring larry fitz in the slot but we did a decent job against him .
greninja hey your brother is way better than y ''
populist liberalism factors around what 's often called identity politics '' by critics .
they tend to focus on reparations revenge and other pointless emotional gestures .
hence their love for obama despite his cruel continuation of the war in the middle east and his lack of intent to resolve systemic poverty .
instead he makes some vines and a generation loves him .
i think that 's what the original commenter was trying to reference though they were n't very clear .
liberals are a consistent nuisance for the serious left not least when others conflate us with them so some of us get a bit emotional about them not very helpful i know but that 's humans for you .
seems like you 're getting yourself all worked up over nothing .
she might just be a decidedly gothic guardian angel .
also if laura could n't see her but your sister can that kind of backs up my point since guardian angels tend to protect an entire bloodline .
you are never going to a shop again .. online delivery for everything .. you understand ?
buys you a few alert hours and does n't come with the caffeine crash .
pretty huge budgeting difference between a youtuber and an aaa game studio though right ?
just yesterday a cooking pot fell off the kitchen counter and then hit one of my big toes .
still hurts a bit but i can move it so i guess nothing to worry about ?
kotl is part of very specific strats that are based around timed pushed with aghs .
you need to get an early enough aghs along with having a strong frontline that can push in for the hero to truly shine .
chris tucker and jackie chan as red and andy in the shawshank redemption .
and honestly i do not have a problem with people doing this .
if they want to put in the time let them .
what really rubbed me wrong was how he later said that prime engrams should be disabled till a fix is found .
this farm is something that will affect people who are trying to be the first at everything in forsaken .
which is a small niche group the majority of the players do n't care about it .
to remove the prime engram to just create a level playing field for a small group of destiny players is asinine .
how did you envision not hiding '' this connection ?
hi wife so about that business trip last week so actually i was just meeting a new female friend i met online .
also we have sex but that 's not the most important part . ''
main source will be what the writers of the show use of the books .
i bought a android one moto x4 for less than 400 last year .
i think the price dropped down to less than 250 since then .
tough as nails light expandable memory and unlocked from the factory .
also slippery as snot on a fish 's pecker .
but if someone wants to buy a flagship i suppose that subsidizes the more affordable phones for us .
well u will gain stupid mass most of it is water in the first few weeks u run anadrol than u will lose it all and deflate .
it will feel like your going backwards after anadrol if u just continue with sarms .
anadrol is one of the strongest orals i doubt it has a place in a sarm cycle .
right ive taken over 5 sheets in the past 5 years .
i always slept with doors open even after a waking dream of some dude in a grey suit in the doorway .
if you bold enough to stand there until i wake up your bold enough to die .
or you could take trade for the same income increase and dip point investment and better scaling as you grow .
but i would agree that espionage became just a bit more viable this patch and i had n't realized it yet so thanks for pointing it out .
lmfao this brand is a joke the name literally means in french depressed rich kids ''
i like that we have less features and options ''
it has something to do with having stability in the home .
children who do n't have that stability tend to gravitate to quick solutions .
this can lead to easy money and low morals which leads to crime and other things etc .
lmao you edited your comment to an na team 🤣
he 's been on a decline this whole season and this is the point it just all collapses not shitting on johnson but let 's face it this year has been horrid for that team
there was a restock for the trilogy collection so there might be one for this one as well
historian finns där s är inte samma parti i dag än de varit innan men man kan ju inte förneka vad som skett bak i tiden bara för det
i love citi but they really should remove that railing from over the lf/lcf wall in citi .
it 's so anticlimactic when a ball hits that thing for a hr and then bounces back on the field .
you do n't want your shit literally flowing out at 3am .
start and end times are typically 1 pm pdt .
so you have about three hours left for bonus stardust .
well that 's why you need to train these things .
my girl knows by the tone of my voice that she 's got something she 's not allowed to have and she usually drops it .
when it comes to toys that she wo n't give back so i can throw them i stick my finger in her mouth p she hates it
she was 144 on tuesday and valentina was 128 .
well do n't forget he also keeps things fair by paying them disproportionately small wages while putting excess money into his own pockets
edit wow a lot of people who do n't know what the word disproportionate '' means responding .
and even if it were remotely a response it 's not bezos hordes shit tons of money at the expense of the workers who make the money possible the just go work elsewhere '' argument is so thoughtless careless unsympathetic and just not a choice for everybody .
many people have an incredible amount of difficulty finding jobs and just because right now it 's easier than ever to find three part time jobs that together do n't pay a living wage does n't mean it 's a viable option to cannonball into the terrible low wage job pool right now .
ze hebben een wet aangenomen die officieus ook wel the hague invasion act https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_service-members 27_protection_act wordt genoemd .
eerlijkheid gebied te zeggen dat ze tijdens de tweede termijn van dubya al toenadering zochten en tijdens obama kwam er meer samenwerking .
yeah for the most part those big-box store bike-shaped-objects are just not worth the money .
the components are made from the cheapest materials possible manufactured as cheaply as possible and assembled by a guy paid 9/hr who knows nothing about bicycles .
like that fork is gon na flex and twist and there 's a 50 chance it 's on backwards to begin with .
the rims will deform if you even look at some rocks probably have a rough seam that will continually pop your inner tubes and probably were n't trued by the person who put it together .
there 's a startling number of reviews for bikes on walmart.com that say things like broke on the first ride . ''
you can get a pretty decent bike from a real bike store assembled by people who only work on bicycles backed by service guarantees and warrantees for about 400 .
sure that 's more than twice the price but when you go through three walmart bikes before you figure out that they keep falling apart on you it 's actually cheaper .
and if you 're a heavier rider or plan on doing any mountain biking at all i really recommend not wasting time on walmart trash .
a decent bike is way cheaper than hospital bills .
would you recommend going to the city center prado etc .
i thought it would wither away into oblivion that way and not blow up like this .
it does n't even have a stable business yet .
makes sense since the five games available for you are the same five that got japanese patches or releases .
years of schooling are by no means internationally comparable .
do you have an alternative explanation you want to put forth to explain the correlation ?
when we see strong correlation between two variables a and b in study after study there are three possibilities .
a causes b b causes a or c causes both a and b .
obviously children 's education level ca n't be the cause of their parent 's education level since one occurs after the other so what is the c variable that you think is impacting both ?
you still have not answered my question as to why you think immigrants from central america and mexico would be less likely to contribute towards the economy as other groups .
you hinted that they may be less conscientious or have worse numerical ability '' but have n't outright stated your position .
i 'd be cautiously optimistic but the team look 'transformed ' for the first few games with siemian too .
honestly i prefer adams over julio this year so i probably would n't do this but as far as value goes you 're getting a lot in return so it 's a good trade if you like julio .
they could have made it look bigger than in the game .
right now we 're a subject of cognitive dissonance we 're informed that the city is enormous and yet all depictions stick religiously to its portrayal in oblivion in which it was the size of a village and sacrificed one sixth of its residential area to a park and another sixth to an arena .
and that 's baked into the lore http en.uesp.net/wiki/lore guide_to_the_imperial_city so the argument about lore and gameplay separation does n't really work .
now imagine if the city in the trailer looked like this http 2.bp.blogspot.com/-cu5azuz43ny/txyfs2hbgoi/aaaaaaaacz0/xclzvjm5xhy/s1600/830px-tar_valon.jpg .
like i said it 's just a trailer so they 're not limited by technology .
would you really complain that it 's too big ?
i 'm an engineer have had long hair have a beard stretched ears facial piercings and am covered in tattoos .
if i had an employer order me to change my appearance i 'd laugh at them and get a better job .
yes most people in engineering are clean cut but that does n't mean they have a problem with thise who are n't .
in marketing being conservative is n't going to serve you well .
i always find it striking on reddit how content people are with being helpless and broken
actually she said all living beings have an aura that they are releasing subconsciously
oh cool i can finally get that indoor pool in my basement .
you really have more people at your opening if you get food plates cuz you know saving a meal is never a bad idea .
i think they 're referencing the new spiderman game that has uncle ben 's grave in it .
matt would be satisfied with dom if there were no women left in the world
lowest msft gon na drop is 106 and that 'll be for a total of one hour .
fucking finally i 'm so sick of her getting a pass for poor sportsmanship .
shit it 's more than a pass she is becoming the victim of he sitaution .
she lost and threw a tantrum end of fucking story .
there 's no possible comparisons because officials use their judgement .
the official car of everyone asking is that a lamborghini ? ''
had you not pointed that out i would have still believed it was real .
i believe it 's just a really huge wolf spider with a bunch of babies .
within the last year or so the health system i work at just implemented this very thing in our electronic medical record system .
we have your legal name and sex and your preferred name if you have n't changed it legally and updated your provider with that info and the gender you identify as .
it 's for exactly the reasons you stated it 's important for our providers to know your biology to know what 's going on under the hood but we had instances where patients felt disrespected because they were called from the waiting room by the wrong name or addressed with the wrong pronoun .
it got especially frustrating for them when they would visit two clinics back to back .
they ask the check-in clerk at the first clinic to make the change but the clerk only has the option to leave a note because our emr did n't have a mechanism for putting preferred name/gender .
the note does n't show at check-in so when they go to the next clinic the next clerk makes the same mistake .
now the patient feels like they 're working with comcast they just told me they fixed it but you 're still fucking it up . ''
we did n't want that to be the patient experience here so we made the change .
i do n't work in direct patient care so i could n't tell you how that change has been received by patients or staff .
but i 'm glad we 're making the effort and i trust that the team that implemented the change is following up and modifying our patient identification process as necessary .
would you like to buy a flower from the church of religious consciousness ?
its humorous that you you think those types of trump supporters are middle class .
it was n't my fault they were looking at me weird .
yes i changed my skin stupidly to make a joke about one stage of omega looking dumb to my friends and then i realized what i did
between amazon kroger and dollar tree got my supplies last night 3 days of bottled water non-perishable food battery powered radio on the way massive anker battery backup for our phones on the way flashlights extra pet food all our meds secured filled up my gas tank last night .
need to get a propane refill tonight so i have two canisters and go to the atm to get some cash .
all in all i 'd like to minimize the post-storm insanity unlike when i was young and stupid with isabelle .
which completely ignores the other advantages of being able to socket your main damage skills into a 1h weapon again reinforcing the stat stick meta and continuing making staffs only good to laugh at .
you ca n't ever count on apps installed on a smart tv .
grab a roku apple tv fire tv or some other 3rd party device and you 'll be much happier and more likely to continue receiving future support .
i read it as when darkglare is up you 're doing 20 less damage than you did before '' rather than just the summon doing less damage .
massive cat 4 almost 5 hurricane is preparing to hit the midatlantic coast .
it 's one of the strongest the area has ever seen and many people are underestimating the effect it 's gon na have
who needs a significant other when i can just spend my money on vbucks instead
why do you say no one uses the gig ?
it 's the small ship i use on my rom and i 've not seen any need to 'pay ' for another better small ship
that user has 88 '' in their name i 'm sure they 're quite fond of whites .
uaah no my prison sentence is only 25 years and a further 25 years on the sex offenders register .
the dead guy was not a nazi at least not as far as anyone here knows .
his older brother is known to police for having the tendencies .
the 22-year-old had a heart condition and was using a pacemaker .
if you want to talk about something that is far away from you make sure you read up on it .
there 's tons of articles about this in national and regional press here and all of them talked about how he had heart problems .
it was probably killing carson to not be able to play this week especially seeing rodgers 's heroics on a bad knee .
i kind of wonder if the coaches are a little bit exasperated about the kind of example that sets .
no carson you can not play on an unstable knee ! ''
no carson you can not go back in after that head injury you can barely say your own name ! ''
everyone at this hell world is bi pansexual metrosexual and likes toasters because you supreme leader of every gender decision say so .
sick of trying to explain to people like you that just because you think that there are different genders or whatever not everyone has to identify in some of theese new genders .
just play it as you want do n't make it your reason to fight everyone that has a different opinion
if you have the cossacks dlc you can just tell them that you wont participate in offensive wars during this time .
you 'll still get called into defensive ones but ... those should be rare and possibly ones you might not want to honor
conway claimed that obama could used microwave to wiretap trump .
russia used microwave technology as sonic weapon to create health injuries including brain damage .
russia making 16k projection technology invested by trump in order of papa putin confirmed ?
the hunters bagel door on had esco saw him .
i will buy and read this if and when you publish it
you must be one of those guys who depends on drum guns to get wins ...
no issues yet had it 3 years this cyber monday
also it 's literally impossible to take on 6 of them because at any given moment 12 fucken dynamites are launched at the slightest stimulus of ur approach
dashboard is overplayed but def a still a great song .
imo both of those are stronger tracks than education .
cloud strife from final fantasy 7 was my first .
cullen from dragon age he 's so adorable that i ca n't not romance him when i play a female character .
and ardyn from final fantasy 15 ... yeah idk .
you will probably need a full maxed leveled and close to maxed crystals team to complete all the objectives .
squall is pretty weak atm i would not recommend him at all .
your best bet based on what u posted is kuja yuna and prishe all best at maxed level and crystals .
your summon also should be maxed level suggested would be ifrit .
you could try cheese it with a mlb cloud friend as well with his stun .
ropefish still have them bushfish butterfly fish not so popular blue gularis .
just out of curiosity why is n't it blocked ?
i see that it 's not like a rein or orisa-shield where your team can shoot through but it does n't give ult charge right ?
if your account is a hardcore ironman can you still play deadman mode on the deadman servers without losing status ?
this is all about israel icc is irrelevant to the us .
though there 's nothing wrong with the idea of exchanging some benefits in order to get a discount .
if you do this with a contractor does a good job you might be able to save a nice chunk of money while you 're at it .
it just seems this contractor was n't up for the job .
did you change your usage of the dimensional generator due to the improved supervision ?
honestly yeah i kinda did the same thing by not reading anything or watching anything besides the e3 gameplay and some swinging gameplay .
i went in sort of fresh and was blown away by it .
theyre putting chemicals in the gatorade and turning our friggin quarterback gay ! ''
this submission has been automatically removed due to linking to an unapproved domain .
please re-upload the image to a quality image host such as imgur http imgur.com or gfycat http gfycat.com and resubmit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebs if you have any questions or concerns .
is n't the water smashing into that jump making the same problem ?
obviously it 's not because it does n't erode but i do n't understand .
can they reinforce the upward ramp more effectively than the outlet ?
the outlet is simply a man-made river bed type situation .
the little jump also assures that any erosion of the earth river bed happens away from the engineered structure so the erosion does n't propagate upwards .
i have the unfortunate combo of social anxiety and resting bitch face .
in high school my mom told me to stop making that face all the time no wonder you do n't have any friends
hi i had misunderstood how this worked but now i understand at the beginning you just have one trick you cant purchase the second one until you reach a certain level .
at the start of the battle you already have this trick so no mana is gained because you already have the trick .
i have discovered one way that is if you keep your finger at the deck for a while your trick will be used showing you the next cards once you use it you will se how your mana bar gets filled until you regain your trick .
i have yet to discover what other thigs you may do with tricks i think one of them is discarding the full hand .
i am editting this to put the link to the tricks guide i have found in the developers web
things like this do n't normally do much for me .
i do n't know why but they just never have .
but this past week has been a rough one .
woke up this morning teetering on that edge of no return .
i made it through all right though and i 'm grateful to whatever lucky stars lined up just right to let me see this message .
a halfway competent qb would 've destroyed that packer secondary featuring udfa practice squad signee ladarius gunter as its 1 cb .
just look at what happened the next week when gunter got put on julio jones against the soon-to-be mvp matt ryan
on top of a phenomenal performance this was another accolade to his effort yesterday .
everything was huge in that game so everyone was able to see the details and feel in '' the game ...
does any1 know if ps2 stuff is stored in tmp like with ps3 games or just on storage
opening tool is known as a wine key where i 'm from never heard of it being called a worm though !
would you happen to have a link to the build per chance ?
depends if they were a good baby or a bad baby .
europe is hardly that pro-consumer just more than us courts .
i 'd hate to put you down since you 're in a bad slum but if you mean 6 regular holos then you got pretty unlucky .
the set guarantees at least a holo every pack which means a holo is the lowest rarity pull .
i annexed ah and the ottomans are more of a liability than an asset
yer done that 3 times dunno wtf is going on worked fine before new shitty update
the first one is enough on it 's own but if you hate someone because they have a drug problem i 'd argue that makes you far more detestable .
it was a pure necessity back in the 386 days .
even the order in which you loaded drivers and whatnot could be the difference between those 12kb more you need to run game x .
pc gaming was n't huge then but it did kick off with doom .
i ca n't play tank into this i 'm getting farmed ''
or hella lucrative to start an aquatic tank nursery eh ?
we remember stupid shit that happened 300 years ago .
davesprite was prototyped though which does give powers and knowledge about sburb .
and their sprite powers do seem to coincide with their aspect .
i get your point though all the players get mild powers when they start playing .
all men are born equal except all the bastard children i sired from my rampant slave rapin ''
not that rare if you have weather changing shells from the contraptions dlc .
although the fog does return quite fast unlike in the commonwealth where whatever shell you used stays for a long time .
yeah when i think of prosperous and wealthy nations made such by communism i envision countries like transnistria chechnya kosovo kyrgystan belarus armenia moldova ukraine georgia etc .
today i was reading somewhere that chubby girls are happier with slim boys which is totally bullshit however it made people become judgmental with each other and made them believe that this study implies with everyone
i 'd be careful ordering from online sellers here .
my experience with computerpad was less than stellar full system illegal windows copy components not as invoiced .
my complaints with the various deds went nowhere as they pointed their fingers at each other .
next time i 'll visit a brick store or order from a reputable seller .
it 's really common cursive not the bad stuff we get on this sub so often .
75 pages may be pushing it a bit especially if it 's one request but maybe do it one or two pages at a time ?
there are a ton of german speakers here and documents like this tend to be interesting .
btw tl did n't translate the whole thing she arrived in shanghai with one pair of women 's stockings and a carton of 100 razors which she was asked to transport for a woman she did n't know to shanghai to the woman 's daughter and son-in-law .
somehow this changed her life but we have n't found out how yet .
because it has so many uses medicinal and otherwise so pharma companies want it to remain illegal and frowned upon .
would n't want people growing free medicine in their gardens now would we ! !
starving is n't the issue for most of them .
you can live with relatively low levels of calories and other nutrients but you lose a lot of your potential especially as a growing child .
and the food aid is n't really a good solution for anything long term .
but long term solutions are being worked on and many are working .
john green covered a farmers ' cooperative in ethiopia where the un gives farmers a good contract that is dependable and credit unions and banks are willing to loan farmers the money that can let them get good seed read gmo fertilizer and machinery .
before banks did n't lend without a diverse loan pool people do n't lend if the harvest going bad is too high a risk and there are so many farmers that they 'll compete against each other for prices and the banks go under mary poppins style .
it 's worth remembering that africa does n't have many hunter gatherers or people living as tribes like the amazon rainforest .
most either farm or live in cities and a hundreds of millions of people are now in cities like nairobi cairo kinshasa etc .
i mean kinshasa alone has almost 10 million people and is the largest french speaking majority city in the world .
africa is now having a lot of people turning from farms to the city and so people are needing more mechanization more good seed and fertilizer irrigation projects roads to transport things grain silos developed trade systems to be able to sell your food to the shop keepers in the urban areas cell phone equipment and the associated electrical works to know what the prices are and when to expect deliveries and when to send out shipments etc .
and the same sorts of things go for the urban areas too of course .
they need good trade systems to be able to get the resources for their stores factories homes etc .
trade in canada or britain does n't have businesses having the capital to get what they want to begin with they get loans to be able to go so and repay it back but the corruption and often limited trade systems and also non diverse loan pools make it a lot riskier to do that than say if i wanted to get a loan to start a cooperative from servus union where i live .
you 're using the word game wrong but many people in the industry are now so it 's not your fault .
any reasonable definition of the word game means an activity that tests a skill .
as much as a modern roleplaying system like bitd can be immensely fun it does n't have gameplay .
the players engage their creativity but that creativity is n't tested as a skill .
rewards does not a game make and 'gamification ' is a very unfortunate misnomer .
you 're also incredibly inaccurate to characterize 'traditional tactical combat games ' as a kill and take loop or even minimizing them to the flawed modern model of loops in design .
entirely unmodified d d can often be that buts really the only one and very few people seem to play it that way including most of the official 5e content released by wotc .
his pants are too tight he 's not flexible his shoulders are not well-engaged and he carries his weight too high .
also you 're correct he 's not very precise .
he 'd be easy to flank and bump off balance .
what i do like in the beginning he 's got some good core movement and powerful arm movement .
if he did n't lose it in the shoulders but instead kept them sunk letting the power flow through he could probably rip your arms out of socket .
my name is ming ren and i am a specialist illustration artist .
my strength is the semi-real art work and some anime style especially drawing game characters background etc .
if you are interested you can contact me at ruanmingren94 gmail.com mailto ruanmingren94 gmail.com
gurl amatw was almost a box office failure who you think gon go watch your solo movie ?
let captain marvel with the inimitably unlikable brie larson bomb first before you start hatching pipe dreams .
i 'm also a man not sure of the relevance ?
so can say from my experience that if you take the time to learn how to communicate and see anothers point of view then it really is n't that difficult to understand women in general .
yes there will always be some people you do n't understand but that has little to do with gender and more to do with them or you either being immature or just having a completely different outlook than yourself .
they know ps4 players can handle it they have to use kiddy gloves for xbox .
i can not recall a name of a subreddit where each post is always nsfw but the odds of finding something not safe is 50-50
that gate looks quite strong its just not going to be very effective against someone who wants to get past it
they think they are above the law and in many cases they are .
1rm 's am i supposed to be taking into account the weight of the bar ?
always take into account the bar you 're still lifting it .
when am i supposed to add the new 1rm 's ?
i just focus on the tm because once you have that the 1rm numbers do n't
add 10-15 lbs to the tm if i get more than 5 reps is either 10 or 15 based on preference ?
you just do it if you get more than 5 it does n't have to be a lot of reps .
and regarding the assistance exercises is there a template somewhere to help with choosing ?
i 'm thinking of just doing ab workouts instead would this be not recommended ?
firstly there is a dedicated accessories thread in the sub for you to find plenty of templates there already while also you can submit your own to be reviewed .
secondly i would n't recommend only doing abs exercises .
you should at least be doing some sort of back work as there 's a lot of pushing in the program .
is n't this the road that david beckham was caught speeding on ?
might be a different story if there were signs showing 50mph as the prevailing speed limit .
and a dong to the top of his knee cap
i did n't notice this when i saw this episode !
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
as long as the fucking power stays on i 'm quite happy for it to be windy .
i understand that it feels dishonest that the youtubers are misleading you .
but i feel like it should n't really matter since we 're receiving free entertainment .
yep that 's kristian nairn ... .hodor ... 6 foot 10 '' of him ... .like a lot of the side '' characters in got he is from northern ireland .
yeah it was a lot more troublesome before someone posted that it was a 10 amazon taser lol
it 's actually one of my favorite memories as terrible as it is .
i remember playing outside when my dad brought me inside and sat me down in front of the tv .
i had no idea why the tower was smoking but it was cool that dad wanted me to watch tv with him and my elder sister .
after the second tower was hit my mom came home from work and we all watched it together .
as a kid it was awesome having the whole family together even though mom was frantically calling people she knew in new york and dad was staring dumbfounded at the tv .
it was nice to have the whole family around and it was n't until years later how messed up it was for me to be that happy while one of the biggest domestic terror attacks happened .
any ‘gaming ' headsets that are n't actually bad ?
but i do n't think you 'll like the price .
i 've driven from fullerton after staying at a friend 's place before it takes me about 40 minutes to get to uci so i 'd recommend leaving at around 6:45 to get there at around 7:30-40 .
this is from experience that i 've done several times i left at the apartments right next to csuf .
i just want you to be aware of that !
happened with me with latest nvidia driver so i downloaded and installed old nvidia driver.since then no issue .
it 's person on one side of the debate stating the thing that everyone on that side of the debate agrees with '' which for people who believe that their side is the unequivocal truth consider it to be a burn '' that no one could respond to .
i was thinking the same when i heard it like wtf but everyone down here is telling us it 's not gon na be that bad and that the hotel has a generator .
so that 's why i made this post to see if it 's really as either or as people are telling us .
i usually just do a water nasal wash a few minutes after snorting so i get the rush but most ends up in my stomach and my nose is clear .
swallowing is the only way to go for functional use i only snort when i 'm on downers and start drinking .
my wife needs to remind me we 're in texas just let them drive how they want . ''
i actually cross stitched this phrase for my brother once
360 ilvl i have n't got a single item today ... it 's just not fun ''
the only problem with this kind of belief is it is works .
it 's not our good or bad works it 's the blood of jesus .
we have been brought near by the blood of jesus .
i think i 've seen i am a river to my people ! ''
the backstory of the kenku states that as part of their curse they no longer have the spark of creativity '' so i guess take that as you will but i 'd say you need to be at least somewhat creative to have a thought that exists outside of the influence of others .
but there 's a way to do it right .
using conjunctions at the beginning of some sentences is part of style .
would n't even bother lifting up my phone to take a pic .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
that 's the first picture if you search image for vampire vine on google d
we do n't test substances on monkeys anymore it 's currently outlawed in most countries .
we can get the same results nerologicly from dosing a mouse or other small rodent or the general populace like mk ultra .
from a psychological standpoint you would n't get as much out of a monkey as you would a person .
it does not surprise me you 've been puddled .
how did it feel to be administered a drug without your consent ?
there is a reason we do n't test psycoactives on relatively intelligent creatures and it 's mostly because it 's immoral .
if we got rid of the barrier ' s currently blocking our studying compounds like this further we would n't need to dose animals .
i know plenty of people who would willingly sign up .
this would be and is immoral and that 's the end of it .
maybe one day i 'll be a low life socialist blood sucking leftist loser .
live in your bitterness and your minimum showers a month hippie gross life .
we have money to make and a great life to enjoy .
suffer another 6 years of trump economy success that does n't include you .
just do it quiet so our happy lives wo n't notice you even exist .
which is probably why i 'm not having kids .
i like how the kid says the f-word instead of actually saying it !
was in a small private high school in ontario canada .
as soon as first plane hit we were all sent to the gym where we watched the news in silence .
once the second plane hit they sent us all home immediately .
it was traumatizing hearing my peers scream at that moment ... we love our southern neighbors so much .
i was pregnant with my first child so by the time i finally woke up both towers had been hit .
i had no clue and pushed play on the answering machine to our friend telling us what had happened .
my brother called for me to pick him up downtown we live in texas and it was so eerie because the streets were completely empty total ghost town .
awww i love how they move their little puppy paws like that ! !
i feel the only techy weapon is is guns and the second most i guess lance bow or cannon .
i just feel completely alone in this situation which makes it harder for me
this is something that 's said all the time on this sub but at some point admissions can be a crapshoot .
nothing is really guaranteed which is why chanceme 's are inaccurate a lot of the time and also why i applied to so many colleges .
since i have n't personally talked with any aos i ca n't say for sure why i was accepted or rejected from any school and most likely i 'll never know .
i just see it as a function of how u.s. college admissions work .
he 's 34 and jericho is 49 i 'd say they 're different generations
i know it 's got a lotta salt and leaves you just as thirsty but i love that little bit of salt flavor .
yeah if he mentioned what kind of tree it was i missed it completely
either way it 's an ass in a raiders bikini so i 'll be happy with that lol .
a real raiders fan would n't be trying to distract us with ass on opening day .
this guy is represented by communities on reddit that reddit cultivated .
nah i respect his hustle but a villain he is not .
once you grow up and are old enough to vote and pay taxes i hope you 'll remember your time as a myopic idiot that could n't comprehend player or positional value .
maybe you 'll also remember you thinking one game is indicative of a player 's future production .
by any chance could you send a link to the png of the explicit logo ?
i 've been looking for it and ca n't find it anywhere
dude the more times you post this exact post the more i agree with tmor .
why is my asking who that girl 's dad is and why is he just standing there s triggering for you ?
and again ... why should a minuscule percentage of the fortnite player base decide anything about this game ?
oh man i hope you 're prepared for the most intense 2 minute zoomies followed by sleeping for the next 12 hours !
my vega64 's are pulling over 200w each only getting about 12mh/s on avermore .
however i see a lot of youtubers get 14mh/s on 1080 only 150w .
the only reason i replied to that post was to see how long until someone put me on beetlejuicing
if nyu is a no then emory is a super no .
it 's lazy overfitting that relies on pretty arbitrary end points and definitions .
the answer is none of them and all of them and it 's a huge mistake to pick just one .
the same is true for any other country you care to mention .
i hope anon breaks his phone and it fucking turns to dust
we all criticize her deservingly so for all the crap that she 's done in the last two years but then you 're okay with her still being allowed to keep her job even after being terrible for so long and putting on terrible matches and cutting repetitive boring to bad promos .
since she is terrible at her job she should be fired .
there are a ton of other women in the company who can replace alexa .
she can be fired tomorrow and nobody will care .
getting her out of the title picture should only be step 1 in completely getting rid of her from the company and actually focusing on the talented women that deserve alexa 's spot .
unless a bounty or triumph need it then ... no point to
it was actually tier 1 in un'goro in kft it was still pretty ok then it died out in knc .
the deck was very flavorful every game ended up being pretty different from the one before .
it is so sad to see this great sidethread completely abandoned
if they pan out you get a cheap prospect for 4 years ... .we signed melvin frazier to a 3 yr. deal with the next two years unguaranteed and signed isaiah briscoe to a 4 yr. 2-3 million contract unguarenteed every year .
the crappy political commercials we have to endure ... '' so and so said did or did n't do this or that ! ''
lame '' mont will win and it will be a whole new era of tax and spend !
you might get some people who are just too lazy to take down old ads so maybe you should pursue only the more recent ones .
yeah people like you are the reason the franchise became so stale because ubisoft thought they could get away with doing historical adventure 47 until the end of time .
if he had tried to shoot the male cop first i think this would have been a completely different video ...
i agree marilyn sounds horrible and i would be so surprised if she does n't know something .
i found the transcripts where she is victim blaming lyn really difficult to listen to
where can i buy medical cannabis in the uk ?
my dad has parkinson 's and i 'm sure it 's worth a try .
this is exactly where im at with my logic as well .
it 's not very fair to myself but life hasnt been very fair in that matter either i guess lol .
i 'm an tattoo artist and a writer and whenever im doing a sketch or a draft i overdo it hardfuckingcore i become obsessive untill i eventually compromise in exhaustion p .
so it 's just one of those irrational parts of my personality which does not go well with being trans
phonies abound but what can you do about it ?
opodatkować plus wat plus akcyza plus pogłowne podymne i hiberna !
for under 100 though i do n't think you 'll find anything better .
first match will be held on september 12 5pm kst
i tried once but every character had the same animation or smth so it got boring quickly haha
i can take apart the remote control and i can almost put it back together .
i guess i should backpedal slightly i do n't think anyone deserves to be murdered or forced to do anything against her will .
just of her being a prostitute project the image of her possibly putting herself in that situation .
looks like it at first glance but those are corkscrew shaped so probably cavatappi .
well this is because the vast majority pretty much all of my dreams are horrific nightmares where i 'm trying to run fly away from something until i completely run out of breath and ca n't move no matter how hard i try and i wake up the moment the thing is about to catch up to me .
but anyway sometimes the scene is in an abandoned hospital but everytime you open a door it leads to a completely different part of the building so you never know where you go .
other times i 'm in a huge hotel going up to floor 2500 then down to 178 then up to 1938 to try to shake the thing off but it always follows ...
and then there 's this huge underground labyrinth with no exit ...
they 're like two wolves showing up at a hen house with nothing but a paper plate mask and a sign that says cluck cluck.
imagine unironically being emotionally sophisticated enough that you can handle multiple relationships .
for instance having multiple girlfriends who have other boyfriends .
which let 's face it is just what 90 of people on tinder are doing between the time they first fuck and the time they collapse into relationships model 1 .
it 's not about being cucked as you put it it 's about acknowledging that there 's 7 billion people on the planet and maybe you can get to know and love more than 1
i dont see no one else around so you must be talkin to me
you want them to pull the ones they have planned for december and add them now ?
yeah i might take out the eggs for a while .
getting it the old fashioned way was pain in the ... cause you needed like 125 drops in best case to get to required boss fight .
then you needed to be lucky for boss to drop that talisman and not any other of his specific uniques .
this one in delve was just lucky random buried box .
no one would buy tickets to a pitbull concert .
ah you 're of the very fine people on both sides '' persuasion .
of course a lot people who know a lot more than me argue that markets themselves are n't intrinsically at odds with dismantling capitalism .
i do n't have any intention of arguing that syndicalism is some sort of absolute mode of free association .
the point for me is that the way our current global market functions does n't seem to provide particularly more liberty than plenty other systems we can imagine .
and it 's catastrophically bad at creating sustainability for not just our species generations from now but also for me and probably you literally just decades from now .
democratic confederalism draws a lot of ideas from abdullah occalan and murray bookchin .
even in rojava as far as i understand it 's not about any kind of ethnostate .
but bookchin and people who are into his writings have some bizarre ideas about what 's actually possible when it comes to ecological sustainability .
except being the ninja of cod will net you 10k viewers on average
agreed their stocks all went down demand was less i assume and glico actually sacked 1,000 of their employees .
according to the article they messed with four different companies .
there was a theory that the perpetrator hated big corporations .
because he 's dark type his ls fully enhanced has 100 stats to dark units 175 crit and 175 ewd 15 mitigation and nullifies elemental and critical damage as well as def ignore .
he 's the strongest dark ls out there for both damage and survivability .
for every man i know that would watch that i know 5 women who watch .
fix the weird patch of forehead between your hair .
besides that any man/woman would fuck the shit out of you
meri 2008-2013 tak bhenchod bhot chutiya school tha yaar naam ka private tha bcche government vale hi aate the par
i read somewhere around here that in jp you can transmute your 100 tm units into something else but i ca n't manage to find where i saw that and i 'm now doubting if that really exists or if i dreamed it ?
hate the archangel skin only usable to f my credit card so hard !
these skins just be like shut up and take my money !
imperial is all but guaranteed to be step requirement .
it 's not too risky if you 're confident you can get at least aaa or a*aa which is honestly not that difficult .
kos for me is dependent on if i 'm a threat or they 're a threat .
if they do n't have a gun but i do i 'm gunna tell 'em to fuck off from my loot area but not kill them .
if they do n't or they pull out a gun pretty easy to hear it i 'm gunna kill them .
if i have no gun but they do i 'm gunna try and be friendly to 'em and listen to what they want .
if they kill me well that sucks and i 'm gunna make it a point to kill 'em in the future .
survival games quickly teach you how people really are .
most people will kill you without a second thought if you have anything and there 's no real negative repercusions to killing you .
damn this is what i 've waiting to fully change to mobile .
comme promis veerdose suite a mon don tu ma dit que t'aller venir me noter .
i have my pitch fork in hand and i 'm ready to go ... oh i do n't need my pitch fork ?
are you sure the pitch fork is n't needed ? ?
well i 'll keep the pitch fork nearby just in case .
i love silly season because of these kind of videos !
who uses their last name and birth year to troll ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
edit i am clearly not sure that 's her last name idc to look into it further .
telling teenagers that they can feel girly '' or manly '' if those traits are opposite their sex but that doing so makes them some obscure gender that is now supposed to be a core tenet of their identity is going to create unnecessary tension in that person 's life when we as a society could instead say hey go have fun '' and be done with it .
generally no-one except from parents who thinks a boy should act like a boy and a girl like a girl is going to say that to teenagers everybody will say go have fun '' .
these labels demiboy or other exotic ones are only used by teenagers themselves because they love labels and feeling special .
genders goal is to describe an existing social situation .
is labeling something that exist going to perpetuate the underlying existence ?
i 'm not sure as often naming things is a 1st step into fighting it .
how can you condemn something you ca n't even talk about ?
some times ago there was no concept of gender only sex and both your physical traits and your expected behavior were mingled .
at least having tons of gender permits recognizing that you can differentiate sex from behavior .
you can see that as a temporary whim resulting from a good underlying change of paradigm .
my apologies i thought it would be informative for people with concerns to know that there are resources available out there however if this offends against the posting policies of this reddit please feel free to remove the post .
as enunciated earlier it would defeat the purpose of a legal stratagem to reveal said stratagem on a public forum .
do n't worry about the gilding i appreciate the thought though .
you can mix them together in the rules fine just bear in mind on the tabletop it will look odd if they are side by side all the newer models are significantly bigger .
the old dreadnought while a personal favorite of mine too is tiny compared to the new redemptor dreadnought
the marines size difference is a problem as-well as older characters/special units look very out of place .
you can base them on rocks to try make it more subtle .
the group who were in the victory centre before the scientologists pulled the same stunt .
i used to live in firhouse and heard about a girl who sent her two daughters to the summer irish dancing class they were advertising .
of course it was really a bible bashing course .
she found out from her daughters and went mad never sent them back and told a load of local people to stay the hell away .
honestly fuck y'all who are complaining about a manager who has helped keep this team right in the chase when the dbacks and rockies have both overperformed way above their heads .
fuckers are the same ones who tell a 9/10 that she 's kinda pretty when you ca n't even snag a 4 .
how are they supposed to beat people up with a title at the same time ?
it 's a diner that has great breakfast lunch and dinner .
on thursday nights they have a 1 burger special 1.50 cheese burger and 1.50 land shark beers .
i personally still love that whole brand-conglomerate 's aesthetic i buy fp uo and anthro on the regular and even occasionally from bhldn because it speaks to my personal style .
but i think anthro has also started playing into the higher-end price points without quite enough that 's special about it to back it up .
i used to go there for cute unique dresses at a semi-affordable price point like 100 200 and i would covet those crazy byron lars dresses https www.anthropologie.com/shop/carissima-sheath-dress ? category=searchresults color=008 that were more like 300 and never ever buy them .
but honestly the average price now seems to be up over 200 maybe closer to 300 .
they have a lot more designer collabs now but honestly those are out of reach for me—why do a designer diffusion line if it 's not going to be more affordable ?
i feel like anthro still needs to be somewhat achievable even if their aesthetic is aspirational if i wanted to spend 900 on a designer dress https www.anthropologie.com/shop/anna-sui-golden-shimmer-dress ? category=dresses color=062 that 's not even exclusive !
it looks like you 've posted a personal perspective .
for future reference showerthoughts should not be commentaries on you your habits your emotional states your opinions or your experiences .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
wait a second there we would n't wan na scare the children .
i mean using the phrase white excellence '' is already racist af without me looking at their comment history .
they 're either on some tone-deaf alm shit for not realizing that co-opting the term black excellence '' is gross or on some straight-up white power racist shit which is ironically another phrase co-opted from black ppl by white supremacists .
leave little notes wherever he may find them down the road .
i 'll spend a few minutes when he 's at work and plant them all over .
living dead is a risky invuln though and i think there 's merit to saying it eases the load on healers because they only have to focus on giving you enough hp rather than 100 hp which is especially problematic if you do n't have a whm waiting on you to use living dead .
i have lost arguments before where they have facts .
from where i am in sc ohioian people come in droves in the summer .
there 's a difference between i 'm going to do something to disrupt something temporarily in order to show that if someone with really bad intentions came along they could break it permanently '' and i 'm going to do just as much damage as the 'bad ' people could do '' .
good for you and great to hear a decent update .
click or tap here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=randomfootball90 to send a private message to the author .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
false start on the lions early this quarter or in 1st i believe is the only one
you have until 09/11 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20180912t002359 .
it 's 2nd and 7 on the notre dame 13 .
u/peace1012 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag thread '' 20 '' 9eqm65 '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play ''
my local coffee shop makes chaider '' in the fall or chai tea that has been steeped in hot apple cider .
it is the bomb diggity and i crave it all year long !
i went to dust the top shelves and stood on the counter found three boxes of french toast crunch that he was hoarding from me .
oof that 's dumb i thought it decreased all the damage by 50 or something like that .
which was why i was confused why something that would deal 3 pellets would now deal 0 pellets in rhm .
guess i got ta play the game with rhm off .
i like antiques and sometimes it was fun to go to auctions and just get a really sweet deal on stuff too .
if i had a dollar for every time i said fusion i still would n't have enough to buy a playset of ash blossom impermanence and engage
well chris did n't make it to the water obstacle so there 's that .
we can do more than one thing at a time
what should you do if someone you know does n't believe that hearing some magical combination of words from a professional is going to help change their mind about suicide ?
i had 290x and a 390 they replaced my 290x with it their rma process is terrible seems like it 's only 1 guy in a shop and he barely speaks english .
i 'm having a hard time picking a phone why is it so hard to find one that takes great night shots
i 've heard stories about ill kept horses too never seen it though .
the reservations i 've been on are mostly rural living mixed with crippling poverty and a huge substance abuse problem .
throw some farm animals in there and you 're bound to have some abuse .
a coworker of mine used to be some sort of federal leo that worked on a rez in idaho he said people there ate dog meat .
damage comparisons often do n't take into consideration that at a certain point the damage does n't matter .
oh no it took me 3 turns instead of 2 to wipe the floor with this boss cry
all is love do n't allow the fear to consume your consciousness .
was using apple maps one time a year ago it legit put me on a one way street going the wrong direction .
from all account osaka was more likely to win .
but we will never know now since the ref turned 4 3 into 5 3 especially since serena won the game after to make it 5 4 .
do n't we need weapons to deal with groups first haha !
if i did then i would have gone and played a different game once bfa 's criticisms started .
if the developers do something that sucks the fun out of it then i 'm going to complain because i want it to be fun especially when i 'm paying for a subscription every month to have fun .
all submissions should be news from the original source discussion about nintendo games and products or otherwise seek other people 's opinions .
this post would be better suited to our sister subreddit r/casualnintendo where they allow fan work and other content made primarily for entertainment .
please feel free to message us https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnintendo subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/nintendo/comments/9esgt8 .
i 'm all the way near williamsburg but sorry for your loss man .
when they say further notice like they do not have a tentative return date ?
i 'm from the northern midwest where the worst has been a major snowstorm and cold spell where the governor canceled school across the entire state because of it for two days .
was in the gab it was all hands on deck for a bit .
that 's why the unt website has a certificate error .
my wife and kids and a select few friends are more than enough for me .
my mom is n't a bad person or anything she just gets on my nerves .
my dad is ok now but i hated him most of my life and still have some resentment due to how he was such a great dad to my younger half brother and never did anything for me .
would n't even send me a few hundred dollars to keep me from having to live in my car while he was paying for my brother 's college education .
we 're also way to much alike to get along .
my step dad is just there never had any father/son relationship with him
i just felt the sensation of pulling my trainer sneaker sock over my slightly sunburned feet ... nostalgic bliss .
i would love to be a morning person i 'm way too attached to my bed 😢 do you eat beforehand ?
i 'll post a character as soon as i get one figured out .
yeah it 's a great garden with pomelos and pomegranates but given it 's here i still would n't eat them .
well there is no hp boost so he is insanely squishy .
6 enel was or last major upgrade and he went from a 3.25x to a 3.75x but it 's something earned rather than just being there .
i would agree that it should be toned down to maybe 3.75x and 2x otherwise or 3.5x and 2.75x otherwise
time will grow confidence usually especially if they 're affectionate .
also if they 're with you they already like you .
for some reason encore felt more like the rejected songs that did n't make it into his eminem show album .
i 'm the first one to comment.. arogers35 then comment cause i really do n't know what your talking bout ... ok
i do n't think she 's in the base roster but she has a good chance to be dlc .
those are called canada geese '' named after john canada ...
we should fund this tbh or at least make it happen
dwight still puts up solid numbers and is still one of the best centers in the league .
edit guess she was his neighbor and thought he was in her apartment .
how do you walk into someone else 's home and think it 's your own ?
she was either on drugs or had a shitty excuse .
it 's 1.3 with more money than ever being put in ...
as your study said nearly half of women split the bill .
i had to replace my feet as well but it was due to my own fuck up .
i use a much coarser mat but i have n't had problems since .
make sure you are getting good quality mouse feet and place them so they do n't overlap the lip of the sticker grooves '' and you should be gucci .
i 'm really hard on myself and it reflects in my self worth .
yeah fair enough man definitely an interesting take on the subject i can definitely hear the difference in basses the more expensive they are and agree that i can feel the difference in comfort and craftsmanship
i 've got a couple basses in the mid range sort of spectrum of things keen to splash out a bit on a new one and the flea signature is where i 've started looking .
but definitely got some interesting points i 'll take into consideration
here 's a question does this wash trades '' apply to crypto ?
i see you with the jucy not juicy matt 's bar fan ?
this is such a stupid reason for joining a greek org ... .
most of the games were decided by the outcome of the laning phase but going early highground is too hard because buybacks are ridiculous and buff to structures .
so the game is keep going till the team with map control established even higher gold lead and got 2,3 aegis
he was honest and said the lack of sex was something that really bothered him and was keeping him from proposing .
sensible man he must have come here for advice .
if you have a clean medical bill of health down there then perhaps seek some counselling .
do n't try to get married until you have sorted this out .
if you do he will resent you and the situation for a long time to come .
find the hottest girl in school and ask her if you can be her date .
i still have n't finished the ex quests or all of the lcs .
i 'll wait to get ex and lvl 60 to make it easier .
libertarians want to give the companies that run the government even more power assuming these companies will turn and help people which is never what happens .
yeah i decided to watch their other stuff but not their snk reactions .
i just watch to see how close anime-onlies get with theories and it does n't help when the theories are missing info mentioned in the previous episode haha .
letting people legally drive is a slap in the face ?
i 'm sure legal immigrants have more sympathy towards other immigrants than your typical american .
stealing a legal resident 's social security number ... they are n't paying taxes on their income .
i think he 's doing them just to hope to recapture the popularity of ltwyl/monster not specifically for fans .
then again i 'm probably wrong because he says he tried to make a little of revival for everyone which just ugh ... yeah .
kamikaze is great anyway no need to keep worrying about all that .
i already told my kid you would op they 'll start crying if you do n't
fuck drug tests for anything that 's not a dui .
context and intent matters and the fact that there 's due process is important for everyone .
if someone chooses to run in front of my car should i be charged the same as if i had swerved into the sidewalk to run someone over ?
31 days left till tame impala plays at desert daze !
i 've looked up two different health provider databases and she does n't show up on either .
plus all my doctor or pa or np people that i know or have thought of all show up on these .
hope he wakes up after i show him this !
this is partially true but bad crashes cost the team money which costs sponsors money whereas wins make them money which saves the sponsors money .
feels super weird seeing anything but newbee before his name
how dare you bring reality and sensible ideas into this .
how did this become an ongoing joke and what does it even mean ?
if you understand the context it was written in it is the best fic on the internet right now .
yes when you were probably nothing more than a gleam in your father 's eye .
always funny to hear this argument from people who called me a feminazi for 20 years .
wow i 'm just now realizing our characters have no parents .
we need a quest where we find out the sandwich lady is our mom and oziach is our dad
it 's worse when the bus driver does n't open the back door on purpose .
if you play magic check out the oncenter this weekend .
it really varies every time sometimes they are intense sometimes they are less intense .
generally they feel at least as good as the ones before .
they take between 20s to a minutes i would say but again it varies and can be more or less .
i 've never really thought how guys think about it honestly did n't know about this way of thinking before i seen this sub on r/sex .
orgasms are such subjective experience its difficult to measure the quality of them .
i guess it will stick as a mystery for a really long time .
honestly is the vagina envy a real thing or more of a curiosity most have here ?
i do n't know if i like all dungeon currency .
maybe a few a few a dungeon but make the gear cost like 20 .
it would make a raid get stronger all at the same time and content would get to farm quicker thus making the players base have an accordion effect they want players to play .
i agree that i hate the current system but it 's better then need/greed 1-2 pieces of loot per boss .
if you played vanilla you know how hard it was to gear up .
i ca n't tell you how many times i ran heroic after being mythic geared to get a bis piece still have n't gotten alot of them .
i do wish they 'd make coins for rolls cost more but be a guaranteed piece of loot and being able to add a tforge modifer for an extra cost .
that 's my biggest gripe with loot now besides no lootmaster in guild groups pugs it 's amazing
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
injury like that will predispose you to future problems .
try mo sa pgh opd magpaconsult sa ortho and rehab dun .
what i find funny is that the guy in the clip is so confident about the win despite playing against a class which has a card which excels at dealing burst damage if they have multiple minions on the board .
bloodlust give all friendly minions 3 attack for 1 turn
i think i want a girl who thinks about her but being cute or not .
social engineering is when you convince someone to let you in because your friend is n't answering their phone '' and you need to go get them .
but getting booed by the rival 's fans in your own stadium seems weird .
what you have now are trolls and the tinfoil hat crowd .
it 's on my to do list but i 'm not sure how committed i 'm gon na be .
mha sounds really good but i 'm putting it off because i do n't want to be left waiting when i catch up .
watched gurren lagann and i liked it and i 'm definitely gon na try out death note some time .
haikyuu may be my style or not i have n't tried sports anime yet i 'll give it a shot .
an unstable aggressive dog is usually not a happy dog .
it is absolutely appropriate in certain situations to euthanize for behavioral reasons .
people are still hung up on that garden of eden incident
sends out bullish tweet ... . does a bought deal the following week .
i played a few times against akali and it seems that she has a lot of damage across the board if utilised properly .
not sure if this ult nerf will change much that since pre6 with her combo even at early levels she can easily dish out more than half of the opponents hp .
that said her ult execute damage is definitely nutty so i 'm happy that they decided to tackle at least that .
trying to submit a map but once i get to the end of submission i ca n't actually upload it and this error comes along
she got one of your kids got you for 18 years
i really doubt theres gon na be a women 's tag team belt .
i hope to see the true size of things come back !
i swallowed 2 magnets when i was in the 5th grade
please please start attaching links omg i forgot how funny these were
well you better keep it the black market has a good market for em
assuming the y axis is a constant scale of real sales by adding up the boxes you should get an idea on the ratio between platforms through the years .
ps4 wins but pc definitely starts to close the gap through the years .
in terms of real that 's harder to gauge due to the gog take for cdp on pc and with more frequent and lower prices sales as the years go by .
there was some gif posted sometime ago in which broom got angry at wife it was really sad cuz wife seemed like fun but groom was pissed .
it sounds like i 'm well off why are n't there women hanging around like in the movies ? ''
i 've seen my deceased dogs at certain points in my house .
given the last 2 years or so plus hinkle 's inclusion on nc ... good luck finding any soccer fan in portland who 'd openly root for nc over sam kerr who loves scoring in portland .
just to play kangaroo 's advocate here his arguments though at times offensive are overwhelmingly rooted in objectivity and empiricism .
tbh i was expecting it to just be a total drop off cause of how many girls say they swipe left on any guy with shirtless pics .
but i think now i 'm gon na keep it
omg what have i done haha they say do n't drink and derive
we 're going to the airport not drunk off dog treats next
use your santa as an example dig deeper into the where the hat meets the head .
make several smaller cuts rather than one bit chunk .
make deep but narrow cuts down the length of the hair .
consider how hair actually lays naturally not usually straight .
try 4 drops of water to one drop of paint and test it on some scrap or chips .
also try mixing colors in more than one layer .
for instance put a slightly off white base for a beard then just a very light dab of bright white on i bushy brush and briskly flick it across the surface to create highlights and contrast .
you can do the same with clothing skin tones etc .
try to accent depth and shadow by brightening the high spots .
may be wise to swallow your pride and pickup yeldon with the intention to hold if you own fournette .
with that knife top chef show tons of people know about knives now
honestly they just feel very comfy in my hand .
worthy to be loved worthy to be trusted the heart to care for teammates
what is he going to do singe me with his blowtorch oooh real scared .
thank you nip/tuck for introducing me to this great song .
well maybe start with trying an app like the one i mentioned ?
if he 's smart at all he wo n't give a third party proof of how he harasses you guys and have no chance of deleting messages or altering screenshots or anything .
i totally understand though the bm i deal with lies with a frequency bordering on pathological and i 'm not using that term lightly .
to the point that she 's constantly getting caught in her lies because she forgets what she has and has not lied about .
luckily everyone in close proximity is wise to this so she does n't have much hope of getting anyone on her side at this point .
i think you should do what 's best for you guys and worry about an emergency when an emergency arises .
everyone involved needs to be firm with him and not indulge any of his shit including her parents .
edit using a third party app will still allow him to contact/you guys to contact him during an emergency but it should dissuade him from the constant stream of bullshit .
slip or not a slip both cleats studs up into an opposing players leg .
a euro ref would have called it just the same
not everybody wants to pay to use the internet they are already paying for .
that 's why i did n't get ps until world came out or when i was playing the souls series lol .
theoretically yeah but the issue is n't a few failed cops but rather a entire failed institution .
our police force of the past was formed from slave patrols our police force of the present is not only undertrained which they are the training the receive teaches them to shoot when is doubt even punishes cops for not shooting in some circumstances .
not only are they undertrained they 're over-equipped with military hardware .
if the dept does n't use that hardware then their funding is cut resulting in more aggressive and more loosely justified raids on often underprivileged communities .
you see it in virtually every case of police brutality a cop s oversteps and the department/union circles the wagons and handles the problem internally rather than allowing the community that these police supposedly serve to deal with the problem .
if you 're using 1080p setup moving to a 1440p ultrawide can display 3 full webpages/docs side-by-side-by-side .
up to you to figure out if that equals productivity .
despite that finding we still have edgy people who still want to advocate for brain teasers like this person https old.reddit.com/r/psychology/comments/9en3eq/a_new_study_asks_why_brain_teaser_questions_are/e5qs28z .
i do n't really care about the answer it shows me a lot about how candidates think ! ''
i should make a bingo card out of this .
i 've heard the version that is in the hope how are the other versions different ?
i always use emotes 20 of my time in a game is doing emotes
a brett/jc duo would affect everyone 's games too .
i think they just mean that people have just as much reason to target them together .
tyler and angela are maybe even less obvious than brett/jc .
brett 's just lucky that kaycee is loyal to a fault and angela does n't have all the info .
literally the only people who make a deal about what you say at holiday time are the christians complaining about christian oppression
ive never heard of this could you provide a link ?
i think you 're taking this a little too personally unless i 'm misinterpreting your tone easy to do over the internet and i 'm sorry if any of my comments have come off as aggressive that was genuinely not my intent .
in terms of the lobster definition that 's an interesting thing to learn .
we call them freshwater lobsters where i live and i evidently incorrectly assumed that meant they were closer in relation to each other than they are .
the counting was a matter of me searching up the learnset on bulbapedia which does n't have crabominable on it since it 's a prevo only move .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3aredding 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3aredding 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
be sure to check the comments in all previous posts for any warning signs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
everyone thought this fire is gon na be a bastard to put out . ''
it was expected they 'd stay up but be severely damaged .
yep i was about to point that out myself .
absorb elements might give you resistance but you still need to avoid losing concentration on your spell .
honestly i do n't think she 's a villain .
imagine you are just chatting with someone and then you wake up in a place you do n't know and no clue as to how you got there basically what she told joy .
she does care for people she wanted to kill davos she was protecting joy i know for the money but still and she kinda cared for danny .
i booked this on tacobellwedding https www.tacobellwedding.com the day the site went up
not just that it 's futile but that it 's counter-productive .
my goal whether in my job or in sar is to improve the situation that another person or group is in and perfect is the enemy of the good .
i know you know that sar makes tradeoffs all the time weighing available resources local situations and rescuer safety against the desire to retrieve someone .
i would promise you that if you and i sat at two different tables in an outdoor shop and each of us gave out our favorite advice on wilderness navigation more people would put my advice into practice than yours .
because my advice would go like this hey can i see your smartphone ?
awesome now let 's walk around in the parking lot for a minute .
now you go walk around for a bit and then come back and let 's look at your track on it .
okay now i 'm gon na plug in the coordinates for a box of cookies .
whereas yours would be a day-long course on all of the fundamentals of map reading and using a compass and would ask people to print out maps before leaving home despite home printers becoming gradually less common .
yours would only get used in wilderness situations which for casual recreationists is maybe once or twice a year .
your class would be more in-depth than my 10 minute introduction it would be more technically correct and it would provide significantly better outdoor skills to the people who attended .
if you drop one of your students in the middle of a rugged forested area and one of my people in the middle of the same yours would have much better chances of self-rescuing .
but my 10 minute introduction would reach way more people .
think of it as triage but for outdoor skills instead of a mass casualty event .
it sounds like she is busy and has a family trip .
then you got insecure telling her you 'd respect it if she says no etc..she 's didnt say no she said she had a family trip then you made it kinda weird .
my advice is when a girl tells you she 's busy to not assume she 's lying and just pick a different date .
hey this is random but i 'm also 33 and used to live in northern va. my dad worked at the pentagon as well .
i prefer to use my molly to stop a rush and buy myself some time for the team to rotate and for me to prepare to fight off 3/4/5 people .
and in other instances i 'll use it early round to deny access to boost on lets say cache .
they do n't need to be used to do an insane amount of damage more about stopping the enemies from advancing or taking early control of something .
amusing how this is getting down voted ... my experience in 8.3-8.7 on non-us teams lately has been close to unplayable due to xm1 spam .
conservative lgbt may be more closeted but i do n't know that they are less common than among liberals .
did n't you want to fit in with all the other freshmen ?
actually just did this yesterday now i just need to figure out what sata cards to get to add more
as a stay at home dad/husband i find this actually offensive .
i mean i do cooking cleaning washing dog walking child pickups drop offs .
to top this off i still have time to play nk s okme computer games browse reddit etc .
no hard feelings towards the other server but we do n't have a single dev who 's also trying to play full time hosting his first server .
we have a dev team of 5 people with previous server hosting including other preferred servers and have a lot of momentum time effort and experience behind executing our mission .
we think this will be what people are looking for .
also we are not taking donations this sever is self funded and made to last .
if you have homeowners/renters insurance you can check to see what they cover .
i know usaa offers to pay for gas and lodging for up to two weeks if you are in an evacuated zone .
i guess it depends on the person but it can still definitely happen .
i have a smurf that 's around level 650 silver with 1 star and another one at about 300 or 400
i recently moved back from spending several months in maine .
it does n't pay what it used to and is moving rapidly to software .
i mean the debug menu can still be accessed .
how can you say its not like a beta i paid 40 to be in ?
i knew there were going to be people who get defensive over this post and im not bashing the game .
its a great start and i cant wait to see what they do with it but you cant say its a finished game .
if you can honestly say this feels like a complete '' non-beta game that is whats true to you .
context is derived from human interpretation which consists of logic and intuition .
what has brought you to the conclusion that data is more reliable than feeling ?
who 's declaring that inconsistent lineups are causing a close-but-not-quite-winning the division ?
he was scheduled for 2 innings or 40 pitches but he was throwing really hard in the 1st .
he went to the bullpen after that and kept throwing out there .
which is precisely the reason that significant debts are flagged on security clearance investigations .
i think we should probably let the appeal process move forward before resorting to drastic measures .
yep i was actually gon na come back and edit that in i find out about 10 seconds after i commented .
i 'm still not gon na get it because i like timing it right but once i 'm about to retire the game i 'll do it for the platinum .
nice to see you here among all the neckbeards shouting durrrrr mei 's alt fire is perfect
i use large rune pouch for the rapid growth spell .
i felt kind of like the person complaining about politics and not voting .
i mean yeah makes sense to a degree but there 's a lot of give and take there .
ca n't say oh it was in self defense if a cop pulled a gun on you for doing dangerous activity sure but for someone like this that 's fucked up
losing 25 lbs would put me at 85-90 lbs ... and i 'm 5'6 '' .
with this post i now understand what a hall pass '' is and what it is for after seeing it in countless american tv shows when growing up .
it 's a 97 country and no it does n't matter how much is in the tank .
it will stutter and only happen when it 's really hot out .
the car will turn on but it will stutter and struggle and for .
when i come back to it the next day it will run fine .
and it only happens when i come to a stop that 's when the stutter and bucking starts
he 's trying to bring that way of thinking into the mainstream .
his job as a politician is to acquire votes .
he knows almost half the people are going to vote for him regardless because of the two party system he just needs to get a few points edge and he is trying to appeal to a large group that generally does n't vote and is unlikely to vote democrat .
he can say anything he wants because well bad news sells better than good news .
and if the news is selling he can reach his targeted audience better .
vic tagged him nearly in the same spot as his hgh shots
well the 3 branches was supposed to take care of the absolute part .
this video series especially videos 5-7 go over a lot of the ml perspective on enumerating rules why it 's usually bad and heuristics to limit which you choose .
the last five balls in play were hit 98 100 102 94 and 105 mph
well that shiping goods one is terrible for my pirate npcs .
washing his feet seems to be helping and hoping to get some allergy testing done soon !
here 's a sneak peek of r/foundthemobileuser using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/foundthemobileuser/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
2 that was n't very snart ... https i.redd.it/8aj71lirmpg11.png 14 comments https np.reddit.com/r/foundthemobileuser/comments/985ix4/that_wasnt_very_snart
3 found on r/iamverysmart https i.redd.it/7tv5hcgckhi11.jpg 31 comments https np.reddit.com/r/foundthemobileuser/comments/9ai1nw/found_on_riamverysmart
i was already strapped for cash considering i 'm gon na get valkyrie chronicles 4 switch
i 'm sure that 's a great idea but i 'm more on the networking side so writing any kind of app is a little over my head .
i know some html css and xml ... that 's about it .
me and our sql server are not good friends .
in general please be at least bearable to other users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justiceserved if you have any questions or concerns .
it took me three entire weeks of no jerking off to get sorted .
many men think that the old ways do n't work anymore .
i took the guys to a training seminar and at lunch they wall wanted to go to twin peaks .
then told the wife when i got home that these rank amateurs had no clue .
then the thing about the asking us to complete a survey .
wife quipped that they all probably put their numbers on the card .
i replied that you mean she wo n't call me ?
that these women who dress scantily glad and work for tips were fake flirting with me ?
laid it on thick that i was ignorant to the ways of the service industry employee .
she has been stuck to my side like glue and checking my phone all night .
i was just looking at some youtube videos and suddenly it stopped working ''
you live in an apt you might want to watch out for tripping fire alarms while seasoning .
i have been blessed to visit multiple countries and i have heard the same things .
and when they see our super markets their jaws hit the floor !
i have family in denmark and it is a little different there .
they use a lot of heavy cream dairy in general pork chicken and sea food .
but denmark is this society that keeps themselves in check ... i know it sounds silly and i am not explaining it right .
anyway they also do a lot of walking and biking .
if you ever have the time look into denmark .
it is a special place and not just because my family is originally from denmark .
another thing about visiting other countries and hearing people from other lands talk about us .
americans have no idea just how lucky we are and how much we take for granted .
after 3 trips to romania 6 mos after the revolution there i literally came home with just the clothes i was wearing and kisses the ground of the usa when i returned .
i am sure they have come a long way since then but there are many other countries out there that have nothing .
i am so grateful for the experiences as i take very little for granted even to this day .
obviously we do n't really know what happened to mac that night but regardless everything else was well put .
drugs are a huge problem in today 's world and can call anyone 's name at any time even ones who were in the process of getting help .
it 's not like everyone is tryna idolize drug usage.. we 're just mourning the loss of a great soul who during his short time on earth has just helped so many .
only time i use a chug is when i immediately find it and obviously need it .
im not carrying a chug around when im full health/shield .
is having the flag mean you 're obsessed with it ?
i know this is controversial on reddit but honestly there are a lot of people that have it that are not racist do n't worship the confederacy or anything else like that .
i do n't have one but if you can find me another flag that represents the geographic area of the south like this one does i 'm sure people would fly it instead .
its just unfortunate that there is a small group of real racist that would die with this flag in their arms .
unfortunately this one has become rather unique to the south .
lets not forget the meaning of symbols like flags is often in the eyes of the beholder .
the flag of the us itself has different meanings to different people all around the world .
judge people by their actions and sincere words not by some stupid symbol .
so this is a personal one for me this is my younger cousin .
i was the one that originally got him into football .
honey would have been more of a rare treat i guess absolutely not something you would leave sitting around for long enough .
i like when they do it to be honest .
it 's fun to go see a streamers perspective of you killing them or them killing you .
sometimes they rage and call hacks it 's even funnier .
people might save up a few emergency coins and go to mars .
i just noticed nobody said i had to redeem the coins
that 's time preference smart guy you need to save the coins up to upgrade .
to me the only advantage is that reposition allows you to take your units away from danger .
personally i like to have in my team one unit with swap and another with reposition
jesus has enveloped kara mustafa`s mind with a veil of ignorance d .
they 're goofy looking in a world of super edgy looking dangerous monsters .
you could also say the same for the kulu-ya-ku but its similarities to the dodo and velociraptor detract from that a lot .
on the other hand fighting kayn felt exactly like defeating the lich king .
i wish these pve modes were always available to play .
what is relevant is that it was the communist and socialist backed unions and not capitalists that gave us the forty hour work week and ended child labor .
people got their teeth kicked in and worse for protesting for worker 's rights .
workers are merely another expenditure to be dealt with in the most economical way possible .
so please tell me how capitalism saved the american worker .
i want a meta where most decks play different and aim for different win conditions
not just spam the field and block your opponent out of the game
her feet get swept by the mat they 're sliding down on and misses their ear barely .
could be wrong though but i am confident that the head did n't do the knocking down .
i will now read poetry one of my own compositions .
ugh the ka-50 feels so stubborn sometimes when trying to do some funnel maneuvers .
mont kiara is slightly further from your work place but very accessible by foot to groceries and cafes and restaurants .
use the filter on the app to put in your budget .
she looks like she about to deepthroat that bottle though lol
probably gon na be underrated by a lot of people .
but this one should be really interesting as he was there for alonso 's entire ferrari stint .
that was the song adam elliott got his kit off for
the rare day in the life of jimmy hart that was n't the best day of his life
if you read the code he copy pasted there was a message in the bottom that said screw you '' it was obviously a joke .
20k in the highest yield saving i can find only is ally at 1.85 .
i do n't plan on using that money sooner than that .
do you think cd is still a better idea ?
robinhood does n't charge transaction fee when buying using theri app .
does anyone know if the demo would be enhanced for the xbox one x ?
if you think about it it would n't be too different than if someone without arms wanted to play osrs and had a special implement in order to play
man its been years since i 've had sour d. its pretty much extinct in my area .
how old are you how much money do you have and do you have a passport ?
parts were missing in the kit one of the resistors was wrong and now i see i 've soldered everything upside down .
this means the transistors and pots will need to be switched around .
i have n't picked the next newbie night date yet and i owe you two
i might actually make it along but will confirm before go time
i 've seen the pc version of it on amazon is now under 200.. let 's just hope this console version drops in price quick .
i wo n't be paying over 200 for it for sure .
he 's a morbidly obese man eminating his extreme obesity .
he could he played a lot on left with ronaldo switching to right .
i ca n't put my finger on exactly what it is but it has just all come together really nicely .
i think it 's the mix of colours and how there is some strong clear details in the forefront less detail in the background but beautifully mixed in for the one scene .
they can be public in which case anyone can find them using your name or email address it will be linked to your account and ca n't be anonymised if a stranger finds the list and buys you something then they will receive your shipping address .
there 's various stories of stalkers finding people this way it 's a little creepy .
or you can make them private so no one but you can see them .
if someone wants to buy you something they can find your public wishlist s on amazon or you can send it to them .
if they buy something through the wishlist it will be removed from public view so other people do n't buy the same thing .
it wo n't be removed from your view though so you wo n't know who has bought what until you receive the gift .
but you 're expected to pay because you have a penis .
i believe that the first date should always be paid for by whoever suggested it .
most people will tell you that the guy always pays because that 's just the way it is .
but would n't that be the same thing if i tasted it and it tasted normal '' ?
that 's kind of the reason you like/dislike foods in the first place .
your brain picks up the signal from your tastebuds and decides it 's edible .
when i was 10 which could be called simply overuse marcus and seth and later pent .
i also unknowingly iron-manned both fe7 and fe8 though i never finished fe7 .
later when i went to the internet and realized i was 'playing wrong ' .
hilariously looking back i realize that even when i tried to replay fe7 with this mentality i never really managed to get further than my first try in which i reached cog of destiny .
managed to beat por and rd in easy though after i felt traumatized about my lack of skill .
and the final where i just started doing whatever i felt like .
even though shadow dragon on normal is a relatively easy game beating it without reclassing was what finally gave me the confidence to start doing my own thing .
i remember a turning point where the guide i was using said minerva was a trash unit and i was like but she is the the most likely in my team able to survive camus and has the hauteclare ! '' .
and after that i just stopped caring that much .
anyway all this long rant to say that i think jegans are really useful for the true new players who do n't know anything and the reason many manage to beat the game or get close .
whoever wrote that does seem to be 9 years old..
i said extra features not just a dam dye more customization with a bit of delay is better anyways and 4 years early it was made do n't think might be as good as origins but got ta play it to judge it
could n't one break a window if they needed to get out ?
well that 's only the case with mass production .
open space to run in indoor space for the winter with much hay .
and when it 's time to put them down they separate them from the herd before they put them down .
with his first ever interview he had won my heart .
it 's a night and day difference with some products .
micron ink liners are good and not too pricey .
copic liners and markers are what i would recommend .
they are refillable also so you can look at them as an investment instead of disposable .
prismacolor colored pencils are a good standard to invest in as well .
is their a chrome extension were my cursor will move slightly while im away ?
i really need it for by work because i cant be idling .
i can make one using ahk but it is not allowed to download software in my workplace but a chrome extension wont be noticed though
renegade roach first off my dick is awesome i 've never ever had a complaint you cocksucker motherfucker !
and what a faggot you are you bitch ass motherfucker for thinking about another mans
was tough to do but i got some good rng on one run that just nailed it all down .
well it taunted then both the death troopers threw grenades and all the counters killed the taunt trooper .
i was able to get rid of the death troopers quickly and easily without having to dispell any more taunts then i was able to get rid of the healers and focused on thrawn after and life was just real nice and easy that run .
also i think swapping ezra to a crit damage set helped even though every stat but crit damage saw a very slight downgrade until i can optimize .
but hey on the the bright side having my thrawn useable for raids now turned what was a few hundred thousand against pit raid from my empire team into a million or two just because of that fracture
yep amd needs to not just match but destroy nvidia like they did intel .
no more it 's just as good but runs a little hotter bullshit .
sure i 'm a full hongkonger who lives in the states
she 's trolling in the reply because she thinks the guy she 's replying to is saying her weight is the reason she 's winning ... in her post-fight interview she said she stays around 130 pounds and came into fight week at 127 ...
i usually show up early to print out my days work and that seems to impress the right people because it looks like i 'm consistently early though if i printed it the day before after class i would actually be being more productive .
i mentally plan lessons with a mind to what i did last time i taught that learning outcome but i do n't spend hours and hours on it .
i very often steal '' units off the internet and only slightly adapt them to my class and/or context .
a lot of planning is reinventing the wheel and teachers need to learn to work smarter not harder and hopefully we can teach our students to do the same .
there are meetings of course and the occasional special thing like an overnight trip or parents evening or what have you but i limit my work outside of school hours otherwise .
if you ca n't get it done in your non contact time then you might be taking too much on but i know plenty of type a teachers who spend way more time than i do .
i just do a good impression of being an organised person .
your post above has been removed by a moderator because
it appears that that is a request for homework help .
requests for homework help are not allowed https www.reddit.com/r/translator/wiki/request-guidelines wiki_are_there_any_posts_that_are_specifically_not_allowed.3f on r/translator without showing your own work as well .
besides asking for help without first trying the problem yourself is not conducive to acquiring your l2 .
you 're welcome to attempt the problem on your own first and then ask for clarification or assistance here !
if you believe this is in error please message us .
from the mods of r/translator message us https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftranslator subject=about my submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https old.reddit.com/r/translator/comments/9f5cn8 .
even until 2000 there were american institutions where the opposite was true and i 've found a similar confusion about it in germany
i cant speak for others but i dont think testing 1x a year causes mediocrity .
i test 2x a year and get the same freaking score each time .
sure setup an account on astro.com click 'free horoscopes ' from the navigation bar click 'extended chart selection ' at the top change the partner chart to your partner in the chart type menu change it from 'natal chart ' to 'synastry chart ' and click the blue button to generate the chart .
this site is good for short concise descriptions of each aspect http www.astrology-x-files.com/synastry use the left navigation menu to choose the planets in aspect .
we 're proud to bring you the first of our content updates !
we will be releasing new content every 2 weeks without fail !
this week 's release includes several new avatar skins as well as some frequently requested control updates .
we 've added a smooth turning option a turning speed control a height offset some quick mute options on the right wrist watch and finally a split control method where you can have one hand for movement and one for turning !
birdman angel bot bee ladybug bot fighter odyssey bot vintage square bot and dipped ice cream
added turn speed applies to both smooth and snap turning
added a height offset for when you do n't want to be short while sitting down !
added a proper loading phase to the photo album context menu
added you are here '' indicators to maps in streets areas .
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
sometimes they take a while to appear there it 's nothing unusual .
well tank viska helped me cheese the harder parts of ch .
8 and its upper dungeons with her stunlock but i 'm quite sure jane can also tank fine especially if you have good cc and heals to back her up .
study your roster and assess who you want to prioritize .
maybe it 's someone that can help you through tricky levels of toc .
someone that can help improve your wb score idk hahah .
as it stands viska is a tad bit redundant in your team for now .
however if you 're willing to invest on viska she 's a good unit to have .
for viska amp to be worth it though imo she needs 2-3 uw stars so keep that in mind .
she 's a unit that becomes more potent as you invest into her more and more .
self check out lines are empty and yet the older crowd 50ish is standing in line for a cashier .
i personally will use whichever has the shortest line .
i prefer self checkout as i do n't have to worry about human error on the cashiers part with scanning it 's on me .
likewise not having to partake in small talk is a plus but i 'd say the op statement is true .
i thought it meant ethnic minority not just minority in general .
my idea might be terrible to you and you 're right it probably wo n't become a thing even though it really should but i would genuinely like to know who pissed you off so much that you do n't want to deal with randoms anymore ?
this is a solid idea that like the guy here mentioned is in other games such as squad if you do n't know what that is it 's like an even more realistic version of battlefield and is done quite well .
i just personally do n't like having an army of mutes for a team i genuinely want to be able to converse and coordinate with my team not just my squad .
sorry that you do n't feel the same on a game that revolves around teamwork .
so despite me achieving my childhooddream living a life i enjoy i failed because i 'm not filthy rich ... aha ...
we will be making a youtube video along side the questions answered on reddit .
this one has been chosen to be answered on the video !
je suis à 100 pour l'immigration légale et le statu de réfugié est une bonne chose .
i agree sc is an open world rpg space sim or was with a wide but shallow but high presentation and combat physics approach except that wo n't work as well as attempting to be a virtual world mmo as well which suggests to me a broken tech demo conclusion is likely .
i will post this video over at r/mmovw as it is on topic .
the topic should not be called autonomy '' but agency '' to be more accurate imo .
you can be autonomous in an open world game but have little agency eg nms sc .
for agency there must be many ways to effect change on the virtual world .
still the kind of bs freedom suggested in sc is nothing new and an old mmorpg problem of sales marketing and hype ending in disappointments or players .
amounts of money prepurchases probably changes the entire ball game however ...
please no hakan on the wings play him at 10 emre akbaba 8 and topal/yokuslu 6 .
i think it 's more likely to complete the cycle allow greedy decks to play all the colours .
i 'm going to make a baseless guess that boros lockets are going to be the least cracked .
there 's not nearly enough fuel to fill all the oceans but if there were and you lit it the result would be worse than detonating all the nuclear arsenals in existence .
all oxygen would be used up before there was even a noticeable decrease in the amount of fuel left .
since you replaced all the oceans with fuel there would be almost no water left on earth .
all eukaryotic life would be gone that includes all multicelled organisms but some single-celled life would make it .
millions of years would pass until new lifeforms spread again .
maybe if she didnt spend literally the entire story from her first appearances in ch4 and 1n doing so and it happened much earlier like three events earlier given ! she has a long history of constantly doing this and everytime is countermanded by someone who is less incompetent at making decisions and even then she refused to believe her team leader after ump45 ate a tank shell for her .
you can sometimes get away with it if you search a lyric video instead of the music video though .
nå er utdanningsdirektør astrid søgnen kjent for å være både profesjonell og hard samt at osloskolen er landet beste så tviler på om byråkratene er spesielt udugelige eller tynnhudede .
at byråden roper høyt og skriker til enkelte medarbeidere gestikulerer vilt gråter og mistenkeliggjør tilstedeværende '' er ikke noe jeg hadde akseptert fra min sjef i alle fall .
there is strife between anti iranian and pro iran iraqi factions the us claims that iranian back militias are behind the attack on their consulates seems like a pretty basic case of proxies burning down consulates .
of course we do n't know the facts on the ground but it 's certainly possible .
i was smacked and have never used violence to solve problems
you 're saying that it 's okay for parents to smack children so you are saying it 's acceptable to use violence to solve problems .
again your confusing abuse with smacking a child to teach them right from wrong .
no confusion at all i 'm saying there 's a strong and well-studied correlation between the two i.e .
you can only use this card name 's effect once per turn .
1 if this card is sent to the gy you can banish this card from the gy add 1 level 5 or higher zombie monster from your deck to your hand or if zombie world '' is in the field zone you can special summon that monster instead also you can not special summon monsters for the rest of this turn except zombie monsters. trigger
this card is a zombie counterpart https yugipedia.com/wiki/zombie_counterpart of glow-up bulb https yugipedia.com/wiki/glow-up_bulb .
list of level 5 or higher zombie monsters that can be added from the deck to the hand https yugipedia.com/wiki/card_tips glow-up_bloom list
uh maybe you can arrest someone but not knowing the whereabouts of one of the most famous people in china for multiple months is some intensely shady stuff how can you disagree with that ?
the oracle does not give powerful this week dude .
pay attention to whether it says legendary gear or powerful on the bounty for the oracle .
maybe it 's a cutscene they did n't totally disable
if every player keeps their subscription but play 1 minute less it is an effective cost reduction method to maximize short term profit .
ef started out really strongly but i found it became incredibly formulaic within a couple of books .
joe makes out of the box suggestion to solve the problem .
joe points out some tiny flaw in skippy 's logic more often than not related to humans being unpredictable or plucky .
skippy begrudgingly gives joe a little credit for the success while claiming the bulk of it for his contribution .
it does become pretty tricky to pull off during a boss battle when you are surrounded by adds visual effects exploding everything and screen prompts however .
twitch does n't even do it so why would steam bother to do it ?
bttv will probably make an add-on for steam.tv once it 's open to public or whatever
fumigate looks shaky to me 4x kami is probably too many .
i like the maindeck crucible and halo maybe you can go higher on the halos .
also i would never cut 4 hawks the synergy with martyr is too good its just decent value vs many decks anyways .
i would not count on timing people out for sideboard games yeah vs inexperienced players it happens but in leagues most people know to pick up the pace vs martyr especially if they are playing control
how others treat the people who can do nothing for them is a true reflection of their character .
and all the main universe frostwolves are mostly green skin the few left that have brown skin is from garadar because they were n't exposed to fel magic because they were isolated due to having the red pox .
and of course the alternate universe frostwolves are all brown skinned because in their timeline the orcs as a whole kicked the legion off of draenor .
i got the same one yesterday after finishing a heroic taken blight event in the dreaming city
i dette tilfellet er det vel mer nøyaktig å si at folk argumenterer for å ta vekk megafonene fra flere og flere folk som de ikke er enige med .
nei ingen har krav til noe men det betyr ikke at det er smart eller bra for samfunnet å bare gi noen megafonen .
just for clarification are you talking about the base necrosword you get from the jump or are talking about the one gorr possessed ?
cause ' remember gorr had supplemented his necrosword with the blood of entire pantheon from across the marvel universe .
the necrosword you get from the jump 's item section is supposed to be only a tiny shard of the original necrosword .
can someone explain the left picture i do n't get it .
her parents should not push their daughter into the limelight pushing an agenda that they have put in her head .
nine year old girls should be out playing with friends
assuming it just means you go through your essay with an assessor and they ask you questions about it
i 'd be interesting in seeing how a population would evolve by living underground like digging holes underground and all that .
the biological/anatomical changes that it would entail and time later seeing if convivence would be a possibility with the above ground .
on my dh agi is like 1.98 crit verse and haste are all around 1.55 and mastery is like 1.04
are the dogs sad about finding dead people or are they just not rewarded much for it by their handlers ?
if everyone felt this way there 'd be no support at all .
except big companies like netflix who think that hurr durr we used to have slaves so now we cast a black girl as ciri and its all ok right ? '' .
when all your people are miserable plotting against you and hate you you 're doing a bad job .
i think his character is one of the reasons the main reason twd is failing .
twd is a fantasy for people who do n't want to pay their mortgage .
i do n't want to see shit on tv i can see in any office any conference meeting .
it 's not as extreme but it 's still the same thing .
i stopped watching because of negan because i do n't need to see people i liked hurt and degraded .
i watched anything with king ezekiel that was awesome he is awesome and just some guy was incredible television .
but i have n't watched twd since and i did n't watch it much before since negan came .
their viewship is plummeting and it 's because of negan .
oh and he is a fucking rapist who is being sold as an anti-rape character .
people always say but oreos are n't vegan ! ! ! !
they kind of came out of nowhere and have the highest volume on xrpcharts right now at over 19 .
that would need a whole new cmv thread in my opinion .
it had to be turned into a race thing as well .
i heard literally no one saying that this only happened because she was black but of course someone had to say that ... shame
aye funny he can remember a nice conversation but not anything else .
i 'd love to stick my finger in you and fuck you .
the 20 minute highlight videos on youtube are the way to go .
you just have to find a good one that does n't change the pitch and is n't too choppy .
there 's usually at least one good one when searching .
thanks for your submission but it has been removed for the following reason
we no longer allow this type of question because only the reddit admins know why a subreddit was banned or quarantined .
most subreddits get banned when they are not maintained and are overrun with spam .
feel free to message the mods of r/reddit.com if you 'd like to ask them .
we no longer allow questions asking why a sub was set to private .
feel free to message the mods of the subreddit in question if you 'd like to ask them .
if you feel this was in error or need more clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foutoftheloop message 3cplease+include+a+link+to+your+post 3e .
i managed to work that one out myself but only after i 'd been told about ekans so i do n't feel it counts as a victory
littering people can be right next to a dustbin but will drop their trash on the ground when asked why they do n't just throw it away like a decent human being they 'll reply with it 's creating jobs ''
not everybody here has that mentality but a sad majority do ...
you set a boundary even if it was really hard to do .
you did it because you need to prioritize yourself and also look out for her best interests .
i have n't either but once i figured out what was there it stopped being a goal anyway .
instead i journeyed to the galactic hub in euclid and now eissentam .
i kept using black holes back then thinking they were getting me closer when really it was just plopping me in random places around the galaxy the same distance from the center .
but if i cant play crisis on my phone how will i talk to my family when my battery dies in immediately ?
tbh necrons are in a rough place this edition .
they do n't really tick any of the right boxes in terms of competetive play and they do quite poorly .
the only type of list that has any legs currently is one that plays 3 tesseract vaults .
they are fine for casual play and play against untuned lists but not much else imo .
average income in 1965 https www.google.com/search ? safe=active ei=xjoaw5tzaeiwjwsoy4zydg q=average+income+in+1965 oq=average+income+in+1965 gs\_l=psy-ab.3..0l5.2839.3205..3286 ... 0.0..0.101.290.2j1 https www.google.com/search ? safe=active ei=xjoaw5tzaeiwjwsoy4zydg q=average+income+in+1965 oq=average+income+in+1965 gs_l=psy-ab.3..0l5.2839.3205..3286 ... 0.0..0.101.290.2j1 ... ... 0 ... .1..gws-wiz ... ... .0i71j35i39.nnxjvhpfk0a was roughly 1/2 of the average cost of a house https www.google.com/search ? q=avrage+cost+of+living+in+1965 oq=avrage+cost+of+living+in+1965 aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.5062j1j7 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 https www.google.com/search ? q=avrage+cost+of+living+in+1965 oq=avrage+cost+of+living+in+1965 aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.5062j1j7 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 and now it 's roughly 1/3 of the average cost of a home https www.google.com/search ? q=avrage+cost+of+ahome oq=avrage+cost+of+ahome aqs=chrome..69i57j0.3470j1j7 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 https www.google.com/search ? q=avrage+cost+of+ahome oq=avrage+cost+of+ahome aqs=chrome..69i57j0.3470j1j7 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 .
dollar values are misleading purchasing power relative to a given location is what matters .
i legitimately want to see nm try to make him semi-viable .
grey sorry i 'm not really on this app mich
i see it is your cake day as well !
something about smoking since you 're nine makes you a geopolitical expert
sorry you reminded me of a comedian.. with that being said .
either you 're baiting me into arguing or you are just trolling but i can see you are n't from the us so i would suggest you listen more in here then speak.. you might learn something hopefully .
kind of a outdated meme would n't you say ?
for the last fucking time flossing isnt originally from fortnite
they did n't say it was unique they said she was silly .
man why do people bash bfa sure it has its problems but 8.1 is not even here and the expansion just started .
i sure hope there is sufficient content to come .
most irish people never come into contact with firearms unless you 're in the army or part of the defence forces in some way or a farmer .
no training other than how to hold it properly but i 'm a pretty good shot .
that 's probably quite unusual for an ordinary irish person .
can do ds3 for either depth or this war of mine and a stalker game for life is strange
the one on the photo are all rare cards futwiz database doesnt include if its rare or non rare yet .
she is still indecisive and her stream-of-consciousness is meaningless .
pretty much all but how to make space in the case for the analog sticks .
edit i 'm not sure if they show how to solder the analog sticks yet .
there are 8 solder points/pads on the add-on board labeled .
1 3.3v 1 ground and then the last 2 each to an input pad .
at the 3:38 mark in my video you can the the wiring .
i feel like if i tried that i 'd end up unintentionally deepthroating and then choking on it .
my body is just getting thrown in a hole !
well the left i was talking about was still mentioning venezuela as a huge success of their ideology a few years ago so ...
unfortunately it has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
we require post titles to be phrased as questions so that our panelists and visitors can more easily know what each thread is about .
please feel free to re-submit with a title that contains a question mark .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askscience if you have any questions or concerns .
apri i siti a saltare così ti diranno tutti la stessa cosa !
looks right from the datasheet the switch is bidirectional '' so you can use it as either 1in-2out or 2in-1out which is what you need .
you can use the pc usb port 's power pins to detect connection and activate the switch .
beware also from the datasheet routes signals for usb 1.0 1.1 and 2.0 '' so yeh no 3.0 or 3.1
i recently downgraded from the x to an se due to financial reasons and am loving it .
awe man i imagine that made for a sad day !
another thread said to build the coil high and that should help with spitback but i guess thats just the name of the game when it comes to learning how to build and how every device is different .
i might still snag the wasp nano with it being such a bargain and while keeping the draw backs in mind due to design see how appealing the upsides to dripping are and move up from there .
i just do n't want to invest in a pricy rda just to end up not using it anymore after a few days/weeks .
if it was the one in new orleans i do n't blame you .
i powered through it after him and dennis talked about how hard those audiences are .
but you do n't want to summon her you want to destroy her with fire kings .
well if you have a 500,000 portfolio then apparently it 's safe for you to shutdown .
yes for some people that works and then again for some it does n't .
i have the same issue for months my relative as well .
my phone is a semi-old xiaomi his is a new galaxy .
each time this happens we have to clear data cache force stop etc .
for a year now even after several times reinstalling the app .
having no issues with any other app that requires constant connection on either phones !
the only difference now is that any of those solutions are not working for me anymore since 3 days .
not even logging in with another account of google or anything .
maybe ante-up and rec center those do n't show on any records .
your post seems to point to something that a lot of people in this sub forget .
just like your post is pointing to something skeptics and skeptics '' would like to forget .
mandela effect is about groups of people having the same false memory .
then where do all other things events feelings emotions memories etc experienced by people that make them aware of the me come from ?
how could this take place if it never was '' .
this is what you and others forget about or do n't want to see .
it is also why people say you got to experience it to know it is real '' .
correct the me is for now just un-explained '' but still very real and not a simple brainfart .
around the top of the middle you can see the eyes and mouth they mouth has a bit of hair hanging out of it
yes they have training sessions for lol every monday afternoon .
i 'm not sure on the exact times so just search up the facebook page .
more friends more drama no friends no drama ... .prove me wrong !
the first post was just whining and did n't even bother to give proof .
i do n't have a love-boner for fs like certain people here do but i 'm not seeing a problem with locking those posts
sorry i meant to say people who ca n't afford not to live in dublin .
as in they ca n't find better options while living outside the capital .
again i do n't know for sure but my default is to assume people respond to incentives and so are n't going to willingly suffer the cost in dublin unless it 's the least bad option .
do n't worry we 'll find out about it when we die
subbed 92 as auctioneer liked your doki video upvoted the post
the nimiq safe app provides live data like account balance and the latest transactions by connecting to the nimiq network .
however the nimiq safe can only watch your accounts and you can not import your personal wallets or send transactions .
in order to send transactions the nimiq keyguard is required .
private keys recovery words and therefore is designed to be completely offline .
you can install only one of the apps or both .
by installing both apps you can have the full nimiq experience .
to answer your question it depends on what you want your role to be in on offense .
but i personally would prefer the play sharp since i 'll be more effective in breaking down the defense and as a facilitator if i myself am a threat to score from the outside .
this lady everyone knows that the metal part of the seatbelt is scorching hot .
but why kill half the asgardians when at least half of them had already died in ragnarok .
comes out to be 2/15 e 5x 6 3/2 c
do you think turkey 's devolution towards a full-on religious state would have been prevented if the eu accepted them years ago ?
i feel like turkey would be headed in an entirely opposite direction if europeans had accepted them into the fold .
hardly a l he got jumped by 4 fat security guards lmao .
i deeply regret going through this damn sub bc now im just crying like a dumb bitch everything hurts
this is the reason why i find it hard to justify to myself others may see it differently to spend a large amount on cotton t-shirts rep or auth .
so to see people instantly deriding cheap t-shirts as 'trash ' is so weird to me as both of them will ultimately look and feel nearly the same .
they are the most basic lowest effort clothing items to produce .
i 'd understand a high price tag for stuff like jackets knits blazers dresses or items made with more premium materials like silk velvet or leather .
the manufacturing cost and effort is not worth the inflated price tags .
ah so you would back out of the established international order why did n't you just say so ?
let 's back out of nato as well while we 're at it .
also all our free trade agreements who needs those right ?
i think you 're reading between the lines a bit much with what i said .
if paul thinks he 's one of the best in the world then i 'd argue he was right and it 's not an inflated viewpoint .
the problem is that we just do n't see it consitently because of whatever reasons in this case his mentality that does n't mean his viewpoint is inflated it means that he has issues dealing with things under pressure the two things ca n't be confused because it 's a completely different thing .
one is conscious thought and one is reactions to an event .
i have been using hackintosh for over 10 years ands it 's been a joy .
if you try to install on random hardware sure you can run into major issues but source the right motherboard graphics card etc .
check out tonymacx86.com https tonymacx86.com and you can find out their recommended hardware and custom-developed installers post-boot driver packages etc .
you do n't have to show up for them .
charles manson stopped going to his after a while .
i think the logo pales in comparison to that fucking name .
breakfast 110g rolled oats 20g almonds 70g blueberries 10g honey with some cinnamon ontop and 3 eggs
adds up to 3600 cals 455 carbs 240 protein and 88grams of fat
i actually really like the song but maybe it 's because i 'm into electronic music too ¯ ツ ¯
very interesting article i 'm inclined to agree that mcgrath was better but i think what the article shows more is that for any world class sportsmen the desire to improve and the thirst for being the best is crucial .
regardless of whether or not he actually believes this it 's obvious that he was constantly looking to learn and improve and that 's what made him a great player .
silence your cell phones hold your applause ... ..have a nice day ! !
this could be a fun match the incubator of inclusion ! !
you ca n't really compare two day tournament to gsl where players have at least a week to prepare before next match .
can you understand the basic physics of warmer oceans means more rain and more intense rains/snow fall ?
i ca n't find any tweet from them saying that .
i know you do n't like us being all cryptic and everything but allegations have come to light that one or more users might have been engaging in harassing and threatening behavior to other users offline using information they sussed out through their accounts .
as i hope you can tell i 'm not taking anyone 's one word on any of this and i still have people to speak to but just to let you know a little bit about what 's going on behind the scenes that 's what we 're looking at .
it 's a lot of he-said she-said at this point .
you start by getting a job in a country with mandatory paid vacation days .
if i need more days off i can buy '' them .
in return i 'm expected to work non-compensated overtime when i 'm traveling for work .
though seeing as i get a day off work for each saturday spent traveling it 's really compensated for anyway .
if you feel you 're being overworked always keep an eye out for an other job if possible .
though in a work till you drop culture '' like the us it may be a bit harder .
but i think he 's a better pick going forward so if you can afford to bench him for one gw i 'd say go for it
this is exactly why i record these events too .
i 've done this in skyrim vr to obliterate my enemies ...
at first i thought she had a sack of weed .
i used these to hang up a giant wooden canvas in my uni room .
end of the year came round and i got it down no problem .
i hung it over the head of my bed so believe me i made sure they were strong .
not knowing either of you nor the dynamics of your relationship i can only speak for myself .
i would simply tell my husband that this is not a responsible or clever way to work things out .
that as an adult and a father it is his responsibility to act like one and bring up the real issue instead of running away like a 5yo .
i worked 12h shifts a few years ago and during the end of sunday night shift/monday morning you would have the cleaners comming round and damn we at the service desk would have piles of trash around every bin about us i always felt bad but i could not do anything about it the bins were just too few and too small i did my best to make it easy for the cleaning lady to clean the desks and under the tables where we sat though
faker is n't the problem though.. it 's the rest of the team which needs restructuring
i know a chick who was a maxim hot 100 who lived worse than this .
it helps i was playing it at 5am so it was dark everywhere .
i have n't been had any problems lately no blue screens falling to my death when spawning in or server issues .
i 'm calling you all kinds of things ... care to tell me what they are ?
turning down the difficulty wo n't reset the entire map ?
doing e-2h to normal because of 2 api errors after defeating the hime it occurs .
read the package leaflet for special precautions for handling and disposal
i go to dollar store and buy the tapitos and dump them and use the bottles .
the ring they 're in is a ferrous metal plate .
are you worried about a plane crashing into your house while you sleep ?
bc is gorgeous and having travelled a decent amount both nationally and internationally i 'd never live anywhere else .
specifically the island though i can see why some people like the okanagan .
i 'm personally not a fan of the winter temps there though.. maybe i 'm just a wimp
dunno the teachers gave her a week of detentions ...
it 's not as if they 've just ignored it
great solution to the parking and payment charges for parking worthy project to participate .
i 'm living alone in a 2br condo right in the middle of the city .
i even managed to reduce the price a few yrs a ago to 13k by paying the entire yr in advance .
it does n't give me flexibility though so i 'm sticking to monthly payment this yr .
the soldier probably did n't have a hard time finding someone or a family willing to arrange a marriage though .
having a plot of land from retirement and whatever money they saved would be quite attractive to a lot of people .
alot of fights can drag on ive seen refs finish a shift change into a gi for their fight and take a pre-fight nap at the side of the ring next hour they are back in the ref gear chillinlikeabrazilian
it 's a little more adult with more violence and such but it 's not like ultima did n't have its bloody moments .
i took this test a few times in college .
my team leader wanted the results for team building and i took some psychology classes that encouraged taking the test .
i remember it was a little pricey and took a long time i thought .
some of it was spot on but some of it was on the cusp or only sort of accurate .
also she may have taken a free online test and chose the answers that made her seem/feel most intelligent or mysterious .
intjs are people who are introverted/intuitive/thinking/judging vladimir lenin jodie foster james cameron pres .
she seems to be extroverted/sensing/perceiving not sure about feeling .
i loved witch since childhood still do d i always name characters as will d
if you have n't seen it i highly recommend it
cookies are upgrades for the purposes of that number .
the confrontation scene between saverin and zuckerberg from the social network
that 's a good way to transfer the ear infection .
even after wiping the nozzle and putting the cap on it probably only takes just a little bit to get it across .
as much as i want a pair of airpods i 'm turned off by the fact that they 're not true in ear monitors .
i need that sound isolation for listening to podcasts while i 'm at work .
maybe the next gen model will burrow deep into my ear canal but it does n't seem likely .
i think the main reason the bethesda games are criticized is that the black isle/obsidian are of an extremely particular style and one that is underserved in the game industry especially on a big budget scale .
it 's more than just crpg or choice or narrative-focused or sci fi black comedy it 's the synthesis of these things and other things that create their own niche .
when a new bethesda game comes out it is n't that not exactly .
if that mix is the reason a fallout fan plays fallout why would they want to play something different irrelevant of its quality ?
in the end of the day though fallout 3/4 problem for that particular group is n't that it is n't a fallout game that 's a silly assertion .
it 's that it is n't what they want and they do n't exactly know how to ask for what they do .
nothing we can do '' engaging in total war on putin ''
an attack will be the only way to have russia back off .
should be back in stock at the end of this month sept 2018
astro was able to perform and promote last month ... i am no expert on what is going on legally or what they boycott entails but if astro can do it i assume weme will be okay .
you 've done it right hiring a engineer with add random legendary element '' is fundamental if you start in the wmc or gt with the cyot .
thanks to this strategy you can climb the rankings without the facilities .
it was fundamental for my cyot in gt where i won the title in 3 seasons .
switcheo is a pretty decent exchange only problem is the volume but the exchange is very easy to use .
southwest from copenhagen you can find these 6 giants .
they are far apart starting at 1 and following them in order is around 30km in total but 4 and 5 are close to each other and in a nice location .
if your making the effort to type you can at least answer his question .
work on you self do stuff you like and you 'll meet somebody else .
life goes on if she does n't want to go with you man f\*ck that bitch !
they get lots of attention but biting or hard sucking would get a reaction .
the soft touch is cute but i do n't feel it .
far more of his voters bought the lies than realized what he was like .
most of the rest of his voters are in the always red even if he 's dead '' camp .
in the same way that in war traitors are worse than the soldiers of your enemy .
foreign occupying powers are expected to be dicks and not care about the interests of the people they are occupying .
governments are not supposed to be like that to their own people .
and the priest spake saying first shalt though extend the maintenance then shalt thou add three hours no more no less .
three shalt be the number thou shalt add and the number of the hours added shalt be three .
four shalt thou not add neither add thou two excepting that thou then proceed to three .
once the hour three being the third hour be reached then lobbest thou thy holy saint quarts of dw towards thy whale who being salty in my sight shall snuff it . ''
popusti za letnju kolekciju su bili i prošli novi modeli za jesen su već uveliko na rafovima
but then i remembered i am not alone by circumstances i am probably alone due to choice .
i could go on goto bars make friends meet more new people make more friends and so on.. but that 's not me .
i enjoy being alone and finding only those niche of people interested in my 'niche ' interests .
they wanted too much time from me which i did n't like .
so now i am back at giving time to the most important person in my life me '' .
it 's better to be alone than surrounded by mean or fake people .
do you think that the majority of interfamilial incest incidents are consensual ?
there 's a reason people consider them immoral and this is the crux of it .
you can see both helmets with the matching august 2018 flight suits here
he gave reasons for that albeit maybe not pertinent ones .
dilligently attending the academy as well as completing his missions with boruto and sarada .
i could be in guatemala right now feeding the homeless while also signing this petition in my free time your point is a dull remark .
absolutely not and i condemn those that believe that .
none of this is a direct threat in the legal sense which is important because if it were it would n't be protected speech .
it works for them most of them time so no .
have you seen any jobs offered that require that certification ?
you should try to get a job first then see about getting a cert .
'thing ascension ' has been a deck for a while and at one point not for very long but it happened was the best version of modern storm .
thing in the ice pyromancer ascension and a couple of bedlam revelers .
the rest of the deck is burn filtering and some light permission .
it 's actually pretty fun and once ascension gets online you 've basically won .
no i admit some were brought by the pvp crowd crying .
they 're test you when you 're there bud i 've got my first endo appointment on the 3rd and i have n't had any additional tests yet .
i mean there are ways you can crash your t levels before the test but i honestly think that 's a really shitty thing to do but if your endo is being stingey then you might have too .
yeah this guy also does same program with everyone he trains ''
it does n't matter if you are complete beginner or went to gym for some time he makes everyone do low rep sets lol..
like his clients always start with shoulder press for few sets to warmup '' then they do deadlift 2-3 reps for few sets
then they do ohp 2-3 reps then they do db chest press 3-5 reps then they do squats for few reps .
sometimes he throws in above the dick rack pulls i think it 's his favourite .
pretty much everyone he trains lift with shitting dog '' form and bad movement lmao
like this guy was doing ohp with super bad form more like a poor push press strong offbalance in one of his feet maybe due to pelvic imbalance .
obviously pt has n't said anything apart of good job m8 '' keep on going ''
and i bet if i interfere and say something they wont listen to me and think that im a douchebag
i do because switching styles on the fly feels great .
except this is not to pay for illegals in the us to go back to mexico this is to pay for illegals in mexico to go back to wherever they came from .
we could have term limits if the voters wanted they 're called elections .
term limits are undemocratic and create more problems than they fix .
he fucked up because he was married and he was an asshole but just because she 's super attractive does n't mean she was a good partner .
i 'm gon na have to stop you right there buddy .
i ca n't really recommend anywhere unless you are in germany which is where i am .
i was doing exactly what you are about to do 3 weeks ago .
i was saying that because all the allied races portrait on horde are grey and void elf and lightforged are colored 😬
i did n't say it means the idea is bad just that nobody else in business will take it seriously if he 's suggesting it but not implementing it .
it does n't fix all of the anime 's problems but it makes a pretty good effort at cutting out a lot of the fluff and saves a good amount of time .
they 've covered all of the post time skip except wci obviously .
it 's the type of thing that 's been posted dozens of times already
hope you know that the bar has risen since 2004 and you have to admit that the voice acting is very bad and the buildings look very bland even for that time
nope those are all features of serena 's face .
it 's an accurate drawing in the standard caricature style .
i just think that he is cognisant of how much money he is making/able to make .
imagine the outrage if the liberals or ndp did this .
there would be so much screeching about communism and dictatorships and shit .
good for me but not for thee i guess .
conservatives have to abuse it because liberal judges who are n't elected abused their position .
blame the system but pretending one side should n't do what the other is constantly doing is absurd .
and yes the day pc 's act like children they can be removed .
anyways most in here hate conservatives so double standard is on them always .
sooner or later trump will throw them under the bus .
and yet nationalism and all europe still helps refugees while america not only refuses to but terrorizes the refugees that show up by literally taking away their children and putting them into camps .
it is oranges and fascists it is apples and nazis .
today under trump you just can not can not compare europes honorable sacrifice and america 's vile darkness .
i 've been farming for a couple months putting 100 relics into bos .
this tournament i was able to buy 5 artifacts with a titan chest and my ms jumped to 9060 .
i could push further but i think i 'll just farm some more now i know about where those last 17 artifacts are .
first title of your post should be fitcheck '' followed by name of bra and size .
do not put a nsfw tag it attracts creeps see the recent pornhub debacle .
second it would be really helpful if you shared your measurements and the brand and size of the bra in the pictures .
all i can tell from the photos is that the cups look several sizes too small bc the gore floats .
the band also does not seem to be quite right i guess it is cutting in bc the cups are too small and so the band has to stretch extra .
to tell you more i would need photos that follow our guidelines for fitcheck photos .
you can buy it off trade discord for like 300-400k lul
if it were socially acceptable i would drape myself in velvet
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you can just choose which one you want and they contain 220-250 mg mdma and you can even look at all the labtests online and they are pure .
she 's not responsible for the poor choices of a grown man-child .
bottle of wine charcuterie board with the best of the best meats and cheeses baguette triscuits and a twist soft serve cone from an ice cream truck .
a master of her better be able to keep up on foot otherwise she 'll ditch you with the dust .
like all we ever wanted is to make that world feel true and alive .
but how will it feel this way with a black girl in the middle of medieval poland .
not racist just the lore and history does n't work like that ...
that phone has its language set in spanish just look at that hoy on the side and according to the royal spanish academy the expressions ante meridiem and post meridiem should be abbreviated as a. m. and p. m .
just because the abbreviations are n't written as you would write them does n't imply the screenshot is fake .
i 'm usually also the pay and show up '' guy .
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
titles containing certain characters may cause your post to be removed because i 'm trained to read unicode characters .
many emojis actually look like more than one character to me .
moderators will not approve a post with this removal message so please do n't ask .
instead you can title your post me irl '' or me_irl '' but you are free to try other titles !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
the writers can not decide if he is dumb or intelligent .
remember when she deadass explained kaguya and the chakra fruit in the midst of otsutsuki invasion and sasuke was like yeah you 're right '' .
assembling a diy printer kit and learning how to print is a fun enjoyable experience for the whole family especially kids .
their eyes really light up when they see the machine whirring when they design objects on tinkercad and get to hold it in their hand .
building a 100 printer kit really builds their confidence and being able to use tinkercad and print solves a lot of their gift ideas for friends birthdays and opens up their imagination .
this has been my experience with my 6 and 10 year old .
you people do n't seem to get that the steelers knew le veon would n't sign that contract .
you know that if bell can prove this he could sue the steelers right ?
the guide covers all methods to install cfw for every model and firmware version .
pick whichever method you want that says it works for your version .
system transfer or a call to nintendo are the only ways to move an nnid since the server is what tracks what system it is linked to .
if you unlink it any software from the eshop on that nnid will also become unlinked .
as i said in another comment it 's a big criticism people rightfully have of trump and bernie is guilty of the same thing but people ignore it or downvote anyone that brings it up it 's nuts .
actual grown up candidates not trump have had multiple years worth of returns available for a while bernie finally released 1 lonely year after being pushed to do so over and over again .
republics are better than democracies get with the programme .
ireland is a republic ... . wonder if there 's a socialist leaning republican party you could turn your attentions to
if the illegals ca n't vote you will probably get your state back .
the bill of rights isnt absolute there are limits .
also the us was set up to try and retain as much local control over the government as possible so the courts were giving the right to interpret laws .
so the founders knew that just because people in one region were ok with something other regions may not .
my wife and family are the ones i was playing with .
it 's not my responsibility to use gender or relationship neutral language in an attempt to get unbiased responses .
you might think it 's insulting to tell people to pretend i think it 's insulting to get marriage advice when asking about board game strategy
under the table us investors in an exchange which explicitly states it does not operate in the us or accept us investors .
but messi was first in almost every stat and winning la liga is harder than bundesliga .
i found a printed out picture on the community board of a local gas station not too long ago .
make sure you rip this stuff down and throw it away when you find it .
do n't let it spread to vulnerable people in real life .
i 'd say the difference lies in the purpose behind the confederacy and the communist regimes .
the confederacy existed explicitly for the purpose of owning slaves .
it certainly was n't about states rights since the slave states had no problem with the fugative slave act that trampled on the states right of free states .
furthermore the confederate constitution banned states themselves from banning slavery so if say virginia wanted to ban slavery at a later date they could n't under the confederate constitution .
this is why the nazis are also special '' because nazism was explicitly about racial superiority and elimination of the inferior races .
both the soviet union and mao 's china starved millions of their own people but demicide is n't the driving principle behind the ussr china or communism .
the british starved millions of indians in numerous famines during the raj but britian is n't a state built around starving indians and irish .
are states that have committed atrocities but built around something else the confederacy and nazi germany are states that are built around committing atrocities .
so someone sporting a hammer and sickle emblem is n't necessarily supporting massacring poles or starving political enemies but someone with a swastika or a confederate flag is explicitly supporting racial superiority .
lol i 'm jk but i do n't think this has any value yet .
i wan na see it switch to main net before the price jumps
i could but i do n't know which is tough ?
cause i 've essentially breeze through the game without much difficulty .
and also that the state will murder them rather than take them to court .
if you are worried mix up your fruit water and honey and add a crushed camden tablet or some potassium metabisulphite same thing basically and let it sit covered for 24 hours .
the kmeta will knock out most things that might be growing on your fruit and then dissipate .
for bonus points use a kill factor positive yeast like k1v-1116 that will try to murder any other yeasts that your fruit may have dragged in .
in the land of the blind the one-eyed man is king .
it will hold steady long enough it inspire hope people will start going long on bitcoin we may see another pump .
just when everything is looking up it will dump all over again .
i changed graphic settings trying all of them soft realistic colourful etc the problem is not really/not only on saturation as such but the design the texture of trees and grass
i think it 's great to take some time to focus on yourself and get healthy .
if this is the push you needed go with it !
but hopefully you 'll consider what her rejecting a marriage proposal because of weight says about her character and/or your relationship .
i 'm excited for you to get healthier you 're going to feel great !
just remember you are worthy of love and commitment regardless of how much you weigh .
i guess i 'm not super familiar with the metrics come from but is it a radar gun off the bat or theoretical based on the exit angle and distance the ball goes ?
as a teacher i run on about 5-6 hours a night 7 if i 'm lucky .
so is that all you think julian 's desired relationship with dax wanted ?
while the front plate and and the transmission cover do n't exactly form a 90 degree angle a right angled triangle is a close enough approximation and you 're basically saying that the hypotenuse is longer than the sum of both the other sides ...
not even if you make the angle close to 180 degrees .
moving straight from point a to point b is shorter than if you take a detour past point c .
police want you to do this if you 're stupid enough to ride it out .
rod rosenstein knows exactly what he 's doing mr. president '' .
but answering it gives clarity to what must be done .
i would say it 's a great pc obviously with those parts it 's gon na be around that price point .
yeah i 'll take the word of a guy asking how to wrap a coil over 1 ohm who has done a lot of research '' over the guy who has experience making his own coils and observing their effects .
u/esselar is 100 correct the resistance of the coil has nothing to do with juice consumption the power you push through the coil does .
if you 're asking for help make sure you 're 100 right before saying someone is wrong .
sadly he is in the gacha hell where it 's him musashi ishtar and merlin more or less back to back
regardless this woman is really upset about the idea of diversity in children 's television .
bernie sanders and rand paul both strike me as candidates who are fairly well known and who could effectively differentiate themselves from your standard democrat republican candidates to a point where they could effectively run as a 3rd party .
it looks bad it performs bad i know enough people who own an so they 're quite popular and i know they still have performance issues .
i always try to throw out a hi ! when joining and a thx for the run all ! when i leave at the very least .
i try to compliment interrupts good tanking/healing/dps and transmogs whenever possible as well .
i know how much it made my week day when i got complimented on my tanking so i try to give that to others as often as i can .
you never know someone 's struggle and how much a simple gesture can help .
så om dom inte tar avstånd så får dom på käften av myndigheter och om dom nu följer de riktlinjer dom har så kränker dom personer som vill kunna säga precis vad dom vill i statlig tv utan konsekvens .
som jag sa i andra tråden gn är del av problemet .
deras jobb är att slå ner på sån här partiskhet men i stället driver dem fram det .
there are pros and cons to it for sure less regulation can be a good thing but it also opens it up to being more easily manipulated .
last numbers i saw though production of bitcoin was as large as ireland .
i do not think the potential value gained from having a non-regulated currency are enough to outweigh the energy consumption required .
i usually go with bortortle bortleship boat blakest of all time or any weird misspelling of it i can do bork breakles bort blakels bink blakeless brak brakles etc .
that was the coolest video i 've ever seen from a team .
you really need to talk it out via counseling if needed .
i 'd also really make sure he wants a kid and not just something to anchor you to him .
i mean does anyone even care what he 's doing anymore ? ?
what could be that secretive or interesting that he 'd be doing .
i would just hope he would n't try to get anyone in trouble if say this video did get back to him and it makes him look like a total tool and he 's embarrassed he may retaliate .
are you accusing me of larping over video game politics lmao what is this
ends at 1800 pdt 2100 est 9pm est so 3 hours .
switch happiness can be countered by better bigs or super small speedsters or extra range etc
lma embiid kat gasol boogie late after injury return ... there are more https www.denverstiffs.com/2017/5/28/15708048/the-book-of-jokic-every-pass-in-nikola-jokics-bag-of-tricks coming on ...
doing an exercise badly does n't make it a bad exercise if we used that logic there would be no exercises left .
as someone who is 18 this could certainly be real .
i do n't even know the purpose of the pound sign .
this is my purple kira60 pvd brass universal plate from keyclack zeal60 pcb rev 3 78g zilents gmk laser kobe alphas with blocknet mods and a laser zapcable .
the hello booboo thing would make me hurk too and instantly lose any girl-erection i may have been having .
she is infanitilizing her boo-boo and now she is infantilizing you .
i am willing to be she is going to offer allllllll kinds of unsolicited advice so you are going to have come up with a few canned phrases to cut her off at the pass .
everything 's great ! just come up with a list of phrases that mean exactly that all fine here ! nothing new ! all good ! make a list of these and similar canned phrases on notepad on your phone .
if you are tech facile you can use the autotext/autocorrect feature of your keyboard to create shortcuts for these phrases .
when she texts just cut and paste your canned reply rotating among 5-6 .
do the same in person with a very chipper voice .
and she needs to be on a severe information diet .
every piece of information she is given is an invitation for criticism .
your goal is to be able to have a 30 minute conversation with her and for her to come away knowing nothing more about your life than when she went in .
and you may want to have a convo with dh about it too .
it would be helpful if he would come along with you on the gray rock and info diet plan .
fyi not everyone knows this term so gray rock— http queenbeeing.com/toxic-relationship-recovery-using-gray-rock-method-safely
they 're an integral part of using screens in this way but keeping them in a tool kit is worth it .
i 've re-dated a few women but i could n't say i gotten an ex back '' .
i improve my nature if that was the cause of the separation but i do n't go after anyone who 's chosen to separate from me .
as a big pac12 guy be cautious of betting against utah at home .
it 's at almost a mile high and is a sneaky tough place for opponents .
i was honestly surprised at how strong mw was in uldir after going in expecting them to be middle of the pack at best
that 's exactly what he 's talking about though .
it is n't the bite strength that ripped the fascia off the car it was the rest of its musculature after clamping down .
it may not be my passport but i know there 's some documentation of my race that 's govt related .
honestly these look near identical to the supreme collab 5s
pssst your friends feel bad for you and let you win the first time you play a new game
oh we 'll see more and worse insults to the office of the president by the time this election is over .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i have not done this boss yet but it is the next on my list .
lets say i burst him down at the right time but do n't kill him in time for him to split will he split with the health that he has left or will he split with a predetermined amount of hp ?
yeah i think that might be for the best .
they switched to region locked games so if you 're in an area where xbox is n't popular might be some long waits .
could be hit or miss depending on the country you 're in and what time you 're playing at .
try something to the effect of friend fucking stop it .
it 's not a national disaster and i 'm not upset over it so you can stop any time . ''
ah i meant campaign wise equiping your team with terms kinda messed things up to hard .
definitely one of my favorite pieces of music from 72 and that 's saying something ! .
i 've listened to that baby blue more times than i can count
i think juul became popular among teens through word of mouth like cigarettes did .
no one under 18 is able to buy a juul themself and they 're definitely not aloud to advertise to teens .
so there 's no way to write a device driver to interface directly with the nic and take the signals on the pins and translate them to db-9 and use some google fu to write some software to take care of that ?
i sort of expected it to be impossible given there is n't any software that accomplishes this .
wtf i dont mind thorin since i come from mainly cs but thats the reason why people dont like him hence the so to speak ''
an honest dealership will check availability and tell you it 's no longer available .
that said i had some customers with a deposit on a truck could n't get them approved on that truck and switched them to a different truck that would work for them .
so until we see tail lights going down the road the vehicle stays on the website .
this is how they make so much money remove parts on their phone cut cost by removing free accessories and sell their phones for a higher and higher price each version .
all the while more and more people keep buying their products each iteration .
each version will only get worse and worse as far as traditional audio goes .
now a days if you want proper portable audio device it 's best to just invest in a nice dap .
at least you know it will have everything you need .
something like a sony wm1a/wm1z or something from astell kern .
i do n't have 800k to spend on amzn shares .
i do n't even expect all my money back .
if amzn can rally i hope i can just ditch these for like half..
how would the jury know if i made a behind the scenes move or not ?
corporations are entities that represent people shareholders and their stakeholders .
if we did n't pass through certain rights things like unions sending out fliers could be suppressed .
way back april 2017 i just sent screenshots from my gmail and all went well.. why not try to send it first then let com2us support decide if that will do..
looks a lot like my rifle but with a better sight haha
ok so it is half of not free but still good deal .
i quit cold turkey for 6 months when i was smoking two or three times a week .
i did n't get any special high when i started again .
it had been all out of my system for 5 months .
yes i loved how the interview ended and then it did n't
jordan punched steve kerr in the face during ng practice but he 's the goat beyond reproach .
yeah but 98 of any military enlistment is cleaning shit that has already been cleaned 3 times in the past 2 days .
15 hour life expectancy better spend 14:30 mopping shit and 30 minutes dying for the emperor .
hehe ... whats the difference between original ending and alpha ending ?
i actually am waiting to watch the last 2-3 episodes of the original series
well he did and then he made me wait until 3 months past so i had to back pay the corps for 3 months
i too would love to have my husband do that but alas i share your fate ... i 'd love to keep you company while you 're in the bath 😉
airport was absolute empty when i left yesterday for vacation .
one thing i do n't like about papa john 's and i work there the only topping they make look nice are the pepperoni 's ... everything else is measured and just tossed on all willy nilly .
and then there 's me who spaces everything out evenly and makes art p
so there are regular mythics also called 0 or mythic0 and then there 's mythic .
regular mythics are on a weekly lockout you can do each one once per week and they reset on tuesday morning .
you 'll see premade groups for them advertised as reg dungeon '' or dungeon 0 '' or something like that .
the first mythic you finish in a week will get you a mythic keystone for a random dungeon which leads us into ...
this is the system that keeps dungeons relevant at every gear level and explains all the groups you see in premade listing 2 or higher .
when you start a mythic you have the option of using a keystone to start a mythic run .
the keystones start at 2 and go up infinitely from there .
each rank increases the damage and health of all enemies and higher rank keystones also add modifiers such as bursting enemy corpses explode skittish enemies are harder for the tank to hold onto or teeming many pulls have extra enemies .
mythic is also a timed speed run with no loot dropping from any enemy or boss .
finishing the dungeon gets you a loot chest based on the level of the keystone starting at ilvl 345 in a m+2 .
if you beat the timer the keystone used to start the run gets upgraded to a higher rank keystone for a different dungeon .
at the start of the next week tuesday morning the keystones reset and you get a loot chest with much higher ilvl gear in it based on how high rank a keystone you were able to complete the previous week .
to access the weekly quest just press shift-j '' .
you can pick it up from your adventure guide .
you can probably also pick it up from an npc in your city but i 'm not sure where he is .
i just feel like people on the internet like to look down on religious people when most of them are just normal people .
yeah what you are describing is exactly what the latest patch did to the game .
if you want to play firewatch you have to downgrade your version so things render correctly .
just a couple of commands and waiting and you 'll be good to go .
if williams stays healthy i 'd say him he 's an athletic freak who 's got the build to go with it .
its the combination of mcdermott and brandon beane the gm .
i have to love the owners for keeping the team in upstate ny .
i would 've had a tough time rooting for a toronto team .
sometimes it seems like they make questionable decisions though like when they hired rex ryan over jim schwartz/anyone else after marrone quit on the team .
whether or not they will fire mcdermott as a scapegoat is beyond me .
he is only the second hc they 've managed so far so i ca n't make definite statements about their management style .
it reads like a passage from lovecraft or h.g wells .
i was sad to discover this when i returned back in may .
last time i leveled a new character was early pandaria .
and i started this time with a new account after issues with my getting my old account back caused me to write off blizzard back in draenor whole other story ...
anyway i expected to have fun leveling a bunch of new characters again and first realized the changes in azshara when i could n't solo them nagas that you use a ray gun on to make non-elite .
quick google search later i learned about all the leveling changes in 7.3.5 ...
i was 6 months too late for easy leveling anymore .
i 've since played at max level a bit and gotten all the heirlooms and once you reach level 10-20 and have all your slots filled the heirlooms do n't really help much outside of the xp bonus ... since rare quest rewards can be higher item levels than scaled heirloom gear it 's a real tradeoff now ...
i think the biggest bonus to heirlooms is being able to put weapon and necklace enchants on them that proc crazy flat damage on attacks but even that starts to wear off around level 35-40 ...
why is that in a class and not a freestanding function ?
anyone know where i can get an original sealed black album pressing and how much i can expect to pay for it ?
i 've gotten zero makarovs and 2 welrods but i do n't roll hgs often but i feel like makarov is just insanely rare never seen her in any random drop or production i always get astra or m9 .
about players leaving they actually should n't give no penalty because that could be exploited by premades if they 're about to lose or win to get those extra points and have the points to spare a loss for the rest of their fireteam .
imo they should give a cumulative buff to super regen 33 super regen speed for every player that has left up to 200 speed .
and even then i would say it 's not enough for countdown considering the enemy team needs less kills to get a win .
i completely agree with the rest of your points .
i 'm dutch so first of all it 's a small country and i live in the part of the country with the most jobs .
but in my experience this is the case for all the high-end consulting companies .
if they would start sending their people on jobs with a 1.5 hour one way commute they 'd start losing employees fast .
my company has a hard rule on 1 hour max .
but with the amount of work available we can basically pick our own projects .
i have worked for a different company as a consultant where i went to for example the states quite frequently .
but that was by choice i did n't have to .
i mean at least 343i are trying to do story based stuff whereas bungie went the generic route this is further evidenced by destiny 's story .
to me he said the rules of ascendance has changed according to the dragon . ''
we need to compile everything that he says every week .
it 'll definitely help us understand what is going on here .
that 'll make it hard to bang out in a day
imagine a bunch of young inexperienced soldiers stationed somewhere on the coast .
they start getting killed or disappearing one by one .
and they are all terrified because no one knows who is doing it .
they have to investigate and do patrols together but no can trust anyone .
they would all just start accusing each other and going increasingly insane .
i went through my husband having an affair and then the eventual divorce .
between those two events i got to talking to someone on reddit who had been through an affair as well someone i had asked for advice in an askreddit post about cheating .
a few months later he was kind enough to message me and check in how i was doing .
for someone to take time out of their day to think about that one sad and broken person online he never met but just suddenly remembered and then to reach out and check in ?
man some of my long term friends did n't even do that .
they 're no longer my friends but i will always consider that guy a buddy .
yea what about that stuff that is n't in this book and has nothing to do with this posting ! ? ! ?
whole book that has nothing to do with what you said must be fake news now .
innisfree 's jeju bija anti trouble gel cleanser cause it 's supposed to have awesome ph .
feels like you 're washing your face with an emulsion almost .
working off the clock is a serious violation of a lot of things .
if you 're in the us you can probably call 311 and they can hopefully point you to the right agency .
workman 's comp does n't cover you off the clock .
for some people love is quality time spent together .
clearly your mom is more of an acts of service kind of love .
it must be hard to be mismatched in such a critical relationship .
i think there are some people that complain he does n't main event .
but then there are other people that complain he 's held the belt for so long .
i probably will stop watching wrestling the day aj styles retires at least temporarily .
he 's been my favorite since 2005 when i first saw him .
i used to watch both wwe and tna while also looking for as much roh as i could find .
never thought aj would make it as far as he had .
his tna run soured after awhile i 'm glad he left and bet on himself and that things worked out the way they did .
what 's more manly than sucking a big dick ?
what you want to lick a vagina like a dainty woman ?
the extra cost of a diesel car compared with a petrol version is way higher than any fuel savings you will make .
diesel version are usually 5k to 10k more so at a saving of 10c per litre you 'd have to do an awful lot of driving to make up that difference .
😖 it was n't too bad but my anxiety went through the roof .
when i saw it slithering in place my mind went straight to a sweaty middle aged man jogging in place ...
you loose your right to free speech when you start hate speech .
women can see the utter hate men have for them and they start to open carry and radicalize ?
i am honestly completely spooked by trp and mra .
agreed if a vacuum accentuates the physique then go for it but not everyone looks good doing a vacuum pose .
overhyped pose imo so many people look classic without ever doing a vacuum pose like you mentioned .
how about simply ex-christian '' for now while you continue working on the rest ?
i do n't find labels all that much fun i find i 've usually got it all turned around anyway .
am 30 years old and still experience these anxieties .
i do n't feel it 's an exclusively teenage experience .
i saw this and was like what fucking subreddit am i on ''
lol i agree with you whenever i see you respond in this way .
but you 're fighting a losing battle my friend .
i really want to see sean try to wrangle the three of them .
if it was next week and you were playing on pc you can back up at least some of the ui stuff to the server ...
you 're all forgetting sylvan primorial that thing can singlehandedly wreck games .
i hope the brazzers versions do n't visit childrens hospitals lol
would you like to know how he got his scars ?
they stay just outside of the worst area and know when to hunker down .
4 seasoned tornado researchers from the tv show storm chasers died in 2013 when the reno ef3 shifted on them .
it 's a broken trocar for uteroscopy/cystoscopy set tied to the bottom half of a graves speculum and a curved ring forcep as the string holder
what about the various individuals god smote for their disobedience ?
if this did n't interfere with their free will then why could god not have likewise smote the devil for his disobedience ?
e-2 soldier pops to attention and salutes the chief as soon as the private saw the golden anchor on his uniform
i thought about her constantly and i just wanted to see her again when she was n't around .
she never felt the same but i still love her completely years later .
survivor still has rules and interference via production to favor particular players is against them .
if it had n't been stacey would have had no case to build after production played a part in her elimination to keep rudy in the game .
just because they 're reality television and not game shows does n't mean production does n't have rules to follow .
if i have them at a choke point so i can blast their asses away with thunderers and artillery winning is n't too much of a problem in case i have good infantry .
it 's when they get around my frontline that hell breaks absolutely loose .
that looks amazing how do i apply something like that ?
upsize i went with the 44 ss sb lte .
it 's a 1.5mm difference in height and width from the 42 .
downsize to balance that i went with an xs instead of a max .
while i want the extra screen real estate i think i want to go back to a smaller pocket brick .
now that it 's not a white face i ordered gold .
seems i need to schedule another trip outside of north america .
watch apple watch series 4 gps cellular 44mm space black stainless steel case with black sport band
ordered via discover card rewards portal 5 cash back at apple.com https apple.com .
you need more memory how can you be at 0 ?
just play dva she drives that mech around and you wont even feel the weight .
just went and turned off my internet to experience this .
this step is a big step for space travel and for spacex on the way to the stars ... sorry ... first on our way to the planets .
go db-smg combo run smg for anything in normal shotgun range but always be searching for that db range push for a quick kill
i know i do n't speak for all of us when i say this but that de could n't have gone any more perfect haha .
in terms of vpns nordvpn is the one i currently use .
has a bevy of options and has no problems in game .
do you have any internet issues elsewhere on your computer ?
it 's just that people misunderstand that a system is never going to find your exact sr .
most people usually fluctuate in a range of 200-300 sr more if you go on a tear or get really tilted .
every once and a while people will plummet or climb really high but you 'll eventually balance out .
if you 're consistently stuck somewhere though that 's not luck .
yeah that 's odd as long as you chose the correct selection while purchasing .
big floater under the stone chain to keep it from drifting away .
thought he started well with us and then got injured .
hopefully they meant lol at trump people entering canada .
they typically do n't leave the 30mi radius from whence they came
if i can get ahold of another one i 'll drop it to you in a pm .
what the hell are those weirdos in her comments going on about !
my desire to abandon this world is why i 'm joining the marines .
i dont plan to die easily or let my friends die easily i dont plan to give up until my body gives out .
6 years teaching in dozens of high schools and primary schools .
i do n't know if the average person realises how stupid the average person actually is .
clearly not but i have seen kids in high school who ca n't read or write the days of the week or a simple timetable and many who are simply illiterate by modern standards .
the lowest ones are also invariably the naughtiest ones .
i wonder if people realise who the bulk of additional resources go to and how much time teachers waste having to continually locate pencils solve problems and perform other menial tasks for kids who will be lucky to achieve a grade 3 education by the time they leave the halls of education .
all these problems on here seem to come from larger communities .
no shit there 's a problem when a division has 4 chiefs .
why the fuck does the navy keep making all these chief billets ?
charge her like you would charge a black man for killing an off duty white female cop .
23 games in you finally score 5 only for him to score 6 .
generally there is no flag for a city or state in india .
fnr building used to have a heated pool as well .
i think killing or jailing people kinda goes beyond simply being an asshole .
the good news is that 8bitdo has us covered .
the white spot is not what you should be worrying about .
from the picture it seems your fish has a case of pop-eye eyes bulging out of the head .
how often do you change the water and do you use a filter ?
hopefully next week we can see my boii manga 's power !
if you had to do this work with wcd versus not.. do you think wed see a major difference ?
wow so if they release the other 5 units in her batch maybe theyre all gon na be mono team/colo focused ?
triple attack wut is that ls 0 ai 100 and bb foe reduce .
not that this would n't be bad but i will be honest when i think no deal i can think of a lot worse than that crash
the goya commercial was just a long beep na matinis
but its not missing anymore as far as i can see .
is a great rider obviously but still a step behind valverde or even purito kind of valverde 's rival i think .
however kwiato has still some years to match them .
concerning the valverde/rodriguez rivalry it probably cost one of them the 2012 vuelta and maybe a world championship cant remember the year .
i did n't and i do n't know why you think he 'd be telling me the news if he did and mostly r/worldnews
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
killed him with gray and he said it 's been fun !
no it 's next level since there 's so much hype around gw3 that it will inevitably let us down they are going to release garden warfare 4 as an expansion to black ops biggest brain s
communication can only help you so talk to her about your feelings and hear what she has to say .
she does not have a right to make you feel this way as this way a friendship will not last .
find a new roommate before you both ended up ending the friendship .
make sure that when you talk to her you do not blame her for anything otherwise she will get defensive and your conversations will not lead to any output .
there are so many other ways to approach the subject and express your opinions .
its a game where describing it does n't capture its beauty you need to play it .
it 's a real time game meaning that when it 's night for you it 's night in game when it 's winter for you it 'll be winter in game .
you are a newly appointed mayor of a town you can name and decorate .
you can upgrade your house over a long time to a small one room house to a two story house with 5 rooms and a basement you can buy whatever furniture you want whatever clothes you want provided you have the money .
the more money you spend in shops the quicker it takes to upgrade the shop and get new items .
you can walk around town and catch bugs dig up fossils pland and water flowers pull weeds and dive into the sea .
you can take a trip to your friends towns or go to a tropical island and make money selling the bugs you catch or play minigames with your friends .
the residents have their own lives personalities houses furniture you can give them presents they can send you mail to inform you about things like birthdays or just to say hi and if you neglect talking to them they 'll move out of your town forever .
it 's a relaxing game with so much to do but no time limit or reason to do so .
you can literally do whatever you 'd like from going to a disco at saturday nights with friends to planning the building of statues and monuments .
it 's a game that you can play on the down time to relax and enjoy the amazing music as you sip virtual coffee and talk to the bartender .
those pencil bolt ruler slingshots from middle school were deadly enough .
you do n't know because you have n't met them .
you would n't ever hear from an unadopted child who committed suicide or turned to drugs or sex work because they were in the system until they aged out and had nowhere to go and no family to falll back on .
then there are all of the older children with awful birth parents who find themselves in foster care even less likely to be adopted .
imagine a world where every aborted child was alive and in need .
half this country usually the ones who are anti-abortion btw ... does n't want to pay for social and saftey net programs as it is ... who 's going to love and care for all these children and who is going to pay for it ?
if there is some kind of grand plan for this please let me know .
i 've done a reverse image search on the pics you 've posted of your wife . ''
in may of this year months before you started posting on here all of the pics you 've posted were on 4chan posted by anonymous users looking for more pics of her .
so i doubt she 's really your wife and you 're just posting pics you found of her on the internet or got through her kik .
you 've also been asked by more in another sub to provide verification and they removed your post because you have n't .
also have a full set of reverie dawn gear .
i 'm canadian i took baguette in school still dont know the first thing about it
and there are those who would finish that meal with the cotton candy in their attic .
i 've had an original a slim and ps4 pro .
if you marathon game like 20+hrs ... the slim runs super hot and has acted up from time to time .
the cooling just is n't there on a slim .
well yeah got ta conquer 1-2 provinces at a time until even if the coalition forms you can just crush them all at the same time .
personally i waited till there were like 7 nations left with about 15-20 provinces and just declared separate wars on all of them the ae was through the roof except no one was actually alive at that point and who cares about the continent if they ca n't get to you .
its still way faster and cheaper than the intended '' way .
because i love the game even though bungie sucks a majority of the time
you could not be more incorrect about psychiatrist getting little to no clinical psychology training .
do n't forget that a psychiatrist spends 80 hours a week for 4 years in residency .
a large part of that is learning and practicing psychotherapy in a clinical setting
in addition the training in a clinical psychology phd program is no where near as rigorous hence the reason that on an hourly basis will be 2x that of a psychologist
this is such a disgustingly hilarious ad for the game
i mean that 's kinda true if you buy their items .
oh my god now i realize why i was so tired after i had my twins !
his crashing in everyone time and time again even meming a torpedo on his helmet did n't either .
but yeah i 'm even suprised he got another year at tr after his poor results .
he 's a fast driver but his mental strength seems to be made out of glass .
did you even take the time to read the article you linked ?
because it tells a completely story from the headline .
he literally said it was a tit for tat response because the clinton campaign smeared him as unqualified and that he was wanted to focus on policy issues .
'' the washington post had a headline that said 'clinton questions whether sanders is qualified to be president . '
he also cited a cnn report clinton strategy defeat sanders unify party '' as further confirmation that the clinton campaign started the attacks over qualifications . ''
but by thursday night the vermont senator said he did n't want to engage in a tit-for-tat with clinton telling cbs news they should be debating the issues facing the american people . ''
the observers might have been bad people but they were n't the rapists .
this is a slippery slope to photoshopping all the students to be black .
ea did it cause they 're messing up as a company and their marketing is a circus right now .
it made for easy christmas shopping and hung actually made a christmas cd one year .
no i 'm here to watch clips from cw shows just like the maker of this sub intended .
totally depends on your goals but i agree there 's nothing necessarily wrong with this .
if the kickoff had bounced in the end zone but not out could n't the bengals have recovered it for an onside kick touchdown ?
mais dans ces débats on dirait qu'ils prennent juste des débiles légers ... pour poser des questions et y répondre .
as an added note the rep also told me the offer going live tomorrow will indeed be bogo 700 off with a new line .
maybe you have spent the summer talking to interns who are n't very good at their job and have since gone back to college ?
maybe they did n't have the required release forms signed by all the parents to print the photos ?
what 's the point in paying a hooker so that your female character can test '' the strap-on on the hooker ?
i mean how would the female player character us a strap-on on the hooker ?
her being dead would have made it easier to hide her offsite .
i did n't know if you were serious or not .
it 's hard to tell on this sub lol .
yes a lot did because she was a safe bet .
i find it really funny they 're offended that people want to pick up their garbage .
they were scary and powerful but still had a society and ethics most of them anyway .
because they want you to that 's the only reason .
microsoft and sony do n't have to charge for online but they do because they like money .
i love ichiraku ramen so i had to draw it
it looks like you 've posted a personal perspective .
for future reference showerthoughts should not be commentaries on you your habits your emotional states your opinions or your experiences .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
grammar question is so powerful that when it contradicts talmudic passages we can ignore those passages
can have vastly different meanings just because of a grammar question ?
new york city has a problem with exploding steam pipes .
its not because of hackers or terrorism its because the pipes were installed in the 1910 's and the pipes had a 100 year warranty at the time of installation .
they 've reached the end of their expected service life .
lots of bridges are reading the end of their useful service lifespans too .
america has a lot of old bridges rusted through and teetering on the verge of collapse .
another thing to note is that capital one just started matching 3 of your recurring contributions up to 50/month .
i do n't worship any particular god or goddess .
i associate with paganism basically as a spiritual respect to nature .
if someone controls all that it 's who i generically think of as god or mother earth .
but i respect other people 's beliefs and like the community .
i 'm really an agnostic who craves more but feels pretty fake pretending to believe in any particular pantheon so i just do n't .
not gon na do much against kershaw if he 's getting those calls
i hate birth control and progesterone because they make me sad/irritable .
probably still works considering nobody buys dead bodies but op got the goodwill bonus after sending one anyway .
new raid tomorrow during which i will be stuck at work !
hoping my clanmates can manage to pull it off .
i mean lets be real if you believe in evolution you believe that cells are living creatures .
an undeveloped fetus is made up of living cells yet that just havent evolved into a baby .
given the fact that most leftist do believe in evolution they are being hypocritical to say theyre not killing babies .
there just killing a baby that is n't evolved as them yet .
and whats funny about this hypocrisy is that they lecture everyone else on looking down on others for differences when they do the same thing to unevolved babies and advocate their murder
eventually i had enough of the ups and downs and i let him go .
it 's freeing and a huge weight lifted off .
everyone moves on at their own pace but you 'll get there .
eventually you wo n't care why she did it .
thoughts and prayers let the power of supply side jesus heal you .
does anyone know what they 're advising to columbia gas customers in other towns ?
i live about 45min to an hour away but i 'm kind of freaking out .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar to the right or the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/wiki/rules for a more detailed analysis of our rules .
if you have questions you can contact the moderator team through modmail .
pms to any moderator regarding removals or replies to removal comments will be ignored .
well we drafted him ... but i guess we all have opinions and its clear you are n't changing yours
i just tend to root for any a who did n't pull a gun out on someone
here me out you could grab an asteroid flying into the black hole and throw it directly sideways as hard as you can to get out !
netflix started out as a service to mail dvds to you and now look at it .
wii u 's vc launched with just 5 nes games .
there 's literally more evidence suggesting we 're getting games from other consoles than not .
that or someone will ding the side of the car with their door .
that was too a receiver in a space ship .
get a good text editor and learn how to use it .
or look into ways of adding input methods to your phone/computer .
give it a rest and stop trying to reopen this debate ...
we were doing a fried trip to work with the elephant seals with the national wildlife service .
a friend of mine knew i was leaving and sent me a link about there being a ton of traffic on the way to the location so i went to forward it to the teacher without looking at it .
i got side tracked and did n't send it immediately ... . luckily .
turns out the link was fake and led to a large black man sporting a long black dong .
i did n't send it to my professor but i had it typed up and ready .
i can only imagine if i 'd sent it to him .
fits of insomnia are pretty common for people with rls like myself because fidgeting my legs prevents sleep .
i got meds for it so we 'll see how that goes .
i do n't believe that life begins at conception .
as a christian it makes no sense that god would give a soul to a being that is n't even going to experience any form of life .
and there 's much that can happen to a fetus even without abortion .
and medically there 's really nothing to suggest that the fetus is that aware of what 's happening to it before a certain point .
and most abortion methods do what they can to keep from torturing the damn thing .
think of your perfect life or one of your biggest dreams coming true and imagine yourself in that world till you zonk .
thank the time i use to read about watches i want but ca n't afford atm .
read about this one some weeks ago while trying to talk myself into not buying another suunto and now ?
a copper one get a announced ... ffs i am weak
now how much of what was listed required power and refrigeration ?
anyone with a pulse can ace a sociology class .
since i didnt say that i guess were assuming so i can safely assume they have fucked some other stuff up .
because no one is looking at your headlights while they 're driving
if i was a billionaire i think i could afford a couple of fuckin portable freezers bud ya know what i mean
ah my days off were usually before the exams .
either way expect grades to be in before the end of the weekend .
yeah i remember a point when i was reading the second book where she was spending most of her time locking herself in a dark closet to cling to her idolized past and avoid the responsibilities district 13 was trying to force on her eating nothing sleeping little having nightmares when she did sleep and i thought my heart would break for her .
like jesus christ suzanne collins give her a goddamn break !
while i agree in principle the free '' prophet orbs are in lieu of a daily reward .
while po daily rewards are one of the best we are likely only going to be getting around 300 ice creams/day from daily reward and campaign drops so it ends up just being an elaborate looking event for whales and a standard 1 po/day for everyone else not willing to spend 100 on value packs .
were n't pos only 150 special currency during the anniversary event ?
this joke is to comedy as nails are to a coffin .
one of my fellow teachers received an essay on a students sexcapades with his ayi in thailand .
he was very detailed and graphic on how he forced himself .
my friend went to parents and they just said so ? ''
everybody saying it 's just ‘because of porn ' or men trying to humiliate women need to get a fucking clue .
people have done this for centuries long before modern pornography .
it 's a common sexual fantasy that some people like and some do n't .
some actually women really like it and some will look at you with disgust with f you ask for it .
your 1st example calls get_result for every iteration too .
i expect that 's something to do with it .
wait really she wanted to close nuclear plants ... that 's stupid anti science nonsense i voted for her to send a message to cuomo but now i kinda regret it if she was pushin scary nuclear nonsense .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/childrenfallingover if you have any questions or concerns .
flair had the whole world in his hands well before bray wyatt .
titan is best specifically with gogo gadget rocket legs exotic ends up with a triple jump upwards hover .
the text for the two is exactly the same .
i know i 've seen worse things like the gay obama 's theory .
yes that 's a thing and if you think about it the fact that it 's a thing is n't as surprising as it should be .
i hear he 's a pretty cool guy and does n't afraid of anything .
mine the doad buttons like x and a will sometimes not press .
ive had the originals but these controllers shouldnt short out and im not trying to pay 70 for some new ones dammit
i can walk to the microwave right before it goes off
i would like a skin which looks less birdy .
hi there i 'm a bot here to help you with your recommendation post .
if you have n't already please review the collection of guides in the sidebar we 've created to address the stream of recommendation posts we get here .
please try to be as specific and detailed as possible with your request .
where you live pricing and availability can vary dramatically by region
if your shop has a limited selection or you might have trouble shipping bottles so we do n't recommend something obscure
we generally advise novices to sample as much as possible by going to a bar splitting bottles with friends attending festivals/tastings or getting minis to ensure you buy bottles you enjoy .
it may make more sense for you to focus on sampling rather than buy full bottles at the beginning of your journey .
i have the one in the top left as a numbered lithograph i think .
lost a called and gained more space for mekk knights .
i 'm sorry that you want to live in a capitalist utopia where work wealth but that 's not our system .
greed is not good and capitalism is severely lacking in modern america .
we need social democracy because corporate america has failed to hold up its end of the bargain .
wat is the war you think you are winning ?
oooo i mean being honest trust his judgement a margin more than the internet to the best of your ability but my observations from your current information still stays the same .
or perhaps you 're like me super high functioning .
videos hosted on reddit are removed please rehost on imgur gfycat etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
was employed by geek squad before best buy bought them we were all technically on call but had a party at my apartment and were drinking playing missile command on a mac 128k .
i can see a separate black republic declared or black autonomy or some sort if the us collapses
first off major kudos to mario for not bursting out in laughter .
i 'm in mountain time 6 gmt and i just started downloading it around 6 minutes ago if that helps .
so it 's around 11:11pm here and it 's about 1/4 done downloading .
all challenges like this can award at the same time .
it 's only by seeing this video and my mom telling me what the puppets were from i discovered spitting image .
i recall they also had a c64 game where you could fight each other with characters like thatcher and the pope etc
i know about all the different relations just being someone who edits entirely in the browser i just am not skilled enough to tackle big multipolygons like that .
so you 're saying it is n't not going to happen ?
if the enemy 's are trouble just summon glencour to tank .
just black crystal him when you kill them all and camp at the dragonrider 's bonfire .
just dont kill old dragonslayer till you are done so you can keep summoning
i ca n't find where he said that other than via the paywalled australian .
it would be helpful if you could find a reference that was accessible .
tasmanian greens senator peter whish-wilson voiced his support for the cross-party motion .
the decision to cut ... penalty rates will make wages lower for all those tasmanians young and old who rely on work from the state's burgeoning hospitality and tourism sector senator whish-wilson said .
between that and his voting record i ca n't help but think whatever was in the australian article is a touch one-sided .
so maybe i 'll catch the very end of jungle
did you get the name of the person who booked your appointment ?
i 'd take this up to the management if i were you ask for the manager or boss .
you 're already not feeling too well emotionally and this is n't helpful .
they should be extra sensitive at places like this .
if this attitude continues i 'd suggest a change of therapist .
i was almost scared for a bit but thank god fjorm 's here
i though i already paid like any other store .
but in this case i will 100 cancel because my current financial situation requires me to make sure that i know approve and plan every transaction .
i think a potential invasion plan would involve decapitating the chinese brass and securing major resources depots financial areas and other areas of interest .
the bulk of the chinese landscape is of little interest to foreign powers
why dont you just share his nickname in-game and on discord ?
it is not a personal information you could freely share the nickname across internet you are not breaking any law by that .
he said he was sorry for contradicting kurt warner .
nor does being against multiculturalism or what you weasel word as multi-ethnic society '' make you far right i think you should really consider how you define far-right '' because its much more inclusive '' than you realise .
it will not answer all the questions in this world but it gives answers to most free will related questions
is self control the same thing as free will ?
no we have some self-control we do n't have free will .
i 've been learning singapore for a league race on rfactor2 and its a really difficult track .
i ca n't image how hard it is for the f1 drivers .
he speaks in a rhyming whimsical way hey dol !
he has a jolly carefree attitude and little seems to concern him .
he sometimes refers to himself in the third person as if simultaneously weaving his own epic narrative even as he lives it .
in the lord of the rings he twice describes himself in his songs as bright blue his jacket is and his boots are yellow . ''
weird how cpu can read a lot of your inputs and still run into rage arts and fireballs .
it is an incredible challenge to get clean and stay clean from opiates .
i wish you the greatest success in staying clean and making good choices for you and your child .
i hope you can find or already have a support structure around you to help you succeed as a person and a parent .
also assuming your an american i am so sorry that our society does not have better options for you or him to stay clean .
just because there are many overtimes doesnt mean that the game is balanced .
i mean if it was a shitshow were there any fun memories from those days ?
i would love to make these and would buy them too !
ah damnit he had good pace up to this point through the session .
they keep the prisons full by over policing vulnerable communities .
it is not really stealing the dead can refuse and stay in the afterlife .
no she wrote the book got it published then offed her husband .
jeg kan virkelig ikke se det som at agitere at hive bestemte partier frem som eksempler .
jeg synes det er fint at man lærer om de negative konsekvenser som totalitære ideologier altid har .
så ja hvis et lovligt opstillingsberettiget parti har fascistoide træk eller det der er værre så synes jeg det er fint at de bliver brugt som eksempler for hvordan disse ideologier ser ud i dag .
hvis enhedslisten og alternativet viser de samme træk så er det helt fint at det bliver brugt i undervisningen .
jeg ser det ikke som en politisk indoktrinering at sige sandheden .
i 'm not saying that they should have released that information .
however it 's irrational to act as though doing so ensured that she gets off scott free .
it will play a small if any part in the trial and the people who follow the case and heard about it on tv will be eliminated as jurors as is always the case .
i use chrome for work and firefox for personal stuff so i 'm hoping firefox does n't go down this path..
the latest version of firefox is pretty clean tidy and quick .
they use tortillas instead of bread on the iss because crumbs clog the air ducts .
you got ta be careful jerking it in micro gravity it 'd get everywhere .
your fucking username is u/praga420praha420 this such an obvious scam hahahahahahahaha
i hope nobody 's stupid enough to fall for this ...
i heard one guy flew off the handle and gave his opponent 8 paper cuts by throwing his cards at them .
personally i like the edginess and somebody who 's better than me at the game i guess that is why i prefer isorrow and taureor
i actually agree in point to everything you say pretty much .
reddit has evolved as a company and the original premise was probably immature in concept and has thus evolved .
only those who are naive about such things think otherwise .
i too would be naive if i do not think one day the hammer will fall here .
reddit is private company and they can do what they like within whatever company law jurisdiction they call home .
we will deal with that day when and if it comes .
she was born in the 21st century evidence that with few natural predators or infectious diseases to combat natural selection is pushing humanity to ever greater levels of hotness .
i see this as a problem too and i 'm surprised that there is not more discussion about this .
i 'm 100 sure that there are people who 's life got ruined by becoming addicted to spend money on computer games including bdo .
there should be a support group within this sub .
also besides the obvious and most exposed things that could be easily rigged by pa or kakao like enhancing it is also the fact the marketplace is completely under their control .
how do we know that they do n't dump or buyback most desired items like memfrags and boss gear/accessories ?
we probably decided to trust them but that is only because we have no choice .
just a food for thought but what if the inability to deal with marketplace bots could actually be caused by that fact that the bots are official to keep us more playing more spending cash thus more gambling ... .. because if it was too easy i would not buy those artisanmems ...
i 've also heard right wingers say that the house price issue in california is because its a shit liberal hellhole not because its generally a nice place to live .
fs2 has a more dynamic single player component with the city map and all which will probably appeal to many .
however the meat of the game is multiplayer and you 'll surely find yourself a challenge .
you may manually challenge any online player or let the game find a match according to filters you 've set .
the thing i do n't know is whether or not it seeks for similarly skilled opponents or not but getting your ass kicked is fun too .
if you 've checked out some gameplay videos and like what you see this probably is a game for you .
in fact often the cool darkness would be an advantage for my dog in terms of temperature and air currents .
i 'm willing to concede to hawksbeard that while night searches may not be a thing in his/her area not searching at night is far more the rarity for trained sar units .
also sorry for the adidas and nike combo is it a sin ?
i think it 's just clothes but some people do n't like it !
there 's a spanish song that sounds exactly like it by this band reik and this guy kalimba .
a turtle is virtually unstoppable because of their hard shell and thick skin unless you flip them on their back .
if you were to tie two turtles together one on top of the other shell-to-shell you 'd have the ultimate weapon
which normally means people buy tickets there as they 're cheap unless each side are similar prices ?
everyone has their own preferences there 's nothing wrong with that schedule .
who 's gon na cook for the real cops ?
but genuine question given how she treated and lied to aidan during the apartment thing as well as cheated on him ... has carrie ever been mature enough to handle a tough conversation ?
if i may ask while i know what tension is how does good/bad tension manifest in the finished piece ?
maybe a new mission or some new dialogue and some difficulty to the game maybe even removing the dodge indicator like batman did in its ng
i assume there might be another new suit for completing ng otherwise it would n't be taking this long .
my favorite battle royale moving into free to play territory soon !
if you can stretch the budget what about the lenovo yoga 730 https shopineer.com/laptops/lenovo-yoga-730-13-13-3-touch-fhd-i5-8250u-8gb-256gb-ssd-81ct0008us ?
it has good build quality aluminum case a good keyboard and a 9 hour battery life according to this review https www.notebookcheck.net/lenovo-yoga-730-13ikb-i5-8250u-fhd-convertible-review.303072.0.html .
it is also compatible with an active stylus and it has an ips screen for wider viewing angles .
this latest gen quad core cpu should be great for general use and it can also handle some light gaming .
for more options you can check this list of laptops for general use https shopineer.com/laptops/top-lists/best-laptops-for-general-use .
you can click on the 2-in-1 column to compare different detachable and convertible options .
i keep this list updated so if you are not buying right now you can check back there later on for the latest models prices .
and it 's not about purposefully making them jealous .
its just about knowing your worth and having an air of abundance about you .
full sized gp3s fit perfectly on my 2018 s6l .
had to move the breaks 1.5cm but the change neither affected folding nor made riding/breaking feel weird .
totally recommended as my experience has only been positive so far 50km with the new grips .
it 's adopted by the army 's special forces .
the motto they teach is that 'all fights end on the ground ' .
he knows which wine goes with fish or pork !
the only think i 've learned about canada that i do n't like is freedom of speech is n't protected the way it is in the us .
i 'm not sire how much i care right now though .
okay real talk i had no idea flamin ' hot cheetos were that old .
main costed me 36k lapis and 10 3 tickets for 2 hyoh 3 awaken rain prishe queen and dark fina .
dropped 36k lapis 50 3 tickets 20 4 tickets .
i said i would save my last 10 4 tickets and when i reached the last pull i got my 2nd hyoh .
i could have either dropped a set of uoc for the 2nd hyoh and saved 36k lapis and a crap ton of tickets .
this is just another way to say everyone should learn hindi '' .
how else would various states in a country so linguistically diverse talk to each other ?
either we have to invent a new language so that no language is given greater prominence .
english is a great solution to check linguistic nationalism .
no one can say that one language is given primacy like what happened in pakistan .
i know hindi is proportionately given more importance than regional languages but that 's the best we can do .
i agree with you but i do n't know how you 'd tune that down without really heavy-handed and clunky changes .
like pharah ca n't be healed in the air and has her hp armor buffed accordingly that kind of thing .
or mercy 's entire kit has been replaced with jetpack cat only the rockets heal for no reason .
snape probably would have dragged harry out of the pond if ron had not shown up .
also interesting that it was n't the controlling umpire who called it .
the controlling umpire would have seeen the same thing as us at home .
i would say maybe r/legaladvice and other subs like that good luck man do n't expect us to know much .
there are little sinks in each station but yes it bothers me .
especially when i see bakers scratch themselves or touch their hair then continue to prepare food .
actuality the medicine that helps one can help the other too .
there 's no reason to divide it by gender .
let 's simply outlaw medically unnecessary procedures on baby genitals .
na he 's right i should ignore the topic of the thread and instead talk about the recent egyptian knitting championships
i went back and watched his old videos and they are very hard to watch .
it 's just a bunch of yelling was good when i was younger but i like some of his new serious-er type videos he does like the book reviews and such .
fortunately him he 's at his best being run in the 2nd slot anyway to maximise his chances of getting off 18ki sa so should have good uptime on his defense boost .
do n't see why a person will get mad over a few thrown fries .
plus he was wrong in the first place by parking like an idiot .
not saying that throwing fries at a car in front of a hotel is okay but it is not a big deal .
and what fine would they make you pay ? ?
imo you should have apologised after the other guy had confirmed that he was wrong too .
then they laugh refuse and the state pays for it .
if you use marajuana in colorado or any other state where marajuana is legal under state law you 're still breaking federal law .
if the federal government really wanted to they could send in federal troops to those states and enforce federal law .
however the federal government really does n't have that much of an incentive or resources to do so .
why the hell where the police allowed to search the apartment of a man they stand accused of murdering ?
that 's the very definition of conflict of interest it 's high time that a secondary impartial system was put in place to try police officers when they stand accused of crimes we ca n't just wait around for them to decide that they will stop protecting each other
i 'm just trying to let everyone know it 's time to put they tourniquet on !
ultimate coliseum map 2 gave out 35 ob-j as rewards but too bad i used them on ex warrior i simply love this job lol .
i 'm personally holding out for psicom 's hof since i have both sin nxd and also fusoya .
hopefully she 's made at least on par with amalthea
gw is seriously hyping them up and i do n't think they understand that some of their casual comments have massive lore implications .
both gellar shields and necrons are things that are n't really supposed to be broken since an easy way of defeating them fucks over two factions massively and completely shifts the balance towards nurgle .
this portmanteau https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portmanteau was created from the phrase 'experimental rapper ' .
to learn more about me check out this faq https www.reddit.com/78ilq0 .
a mob down voting something in no way means it 's a bad idea or should n't have been said .
there 's issues with online conversations where people mentally jump on a band wagon and upvote downvote trains happen .
but all the downvotes reenforce the way they think which does more harm then good .
because the guy has no fucking idea what he 's talking about ?
maybe saw a video and made a million assumptions ?
what would i know i only know her personally .
release the ones in captivity or atleast their offspring introduce them to their natural habitat .
i can answer why i would n't personally say hxh and it 's mainly because of kurapika if you could include him in the main '' cast considering he is m.i.a for the second half of the show .
every time someone links these i end up watching the whole thing
why does shutterstock have a picture of a toddler crying while holding a gun ?
that being said you do you man i 'm not going to try and stop you .
i work with another guy who paints his nails and it 's not like people are up in arms against him .
although our town does have a rather large gay population so most people are okay with gender non traditional stuff over here .
as far as what color i 'd go with something relatively neutral .
i just found this place the other day and love the show and your sub
while completely disregarding the fact that they had a mandatory confiscation which would never work in the us .
wow this actually looks like a healthy ban list .
hitting the problem cards harshly and the meta decks a bit without completely destroying them and a few older cards coming off .
ca n't they just post-pone the election for 6 months or something and let the court of appeal hear doug 's case and then go from there ?
i mean it 's city council not the end of the world if it gets move to 2019 .
prove me wrong instead of attacking my points untill i admit i am wrong just out of pure boredom or frustration
i left that last comment just to let you know that the only way to end this discussion is agree to disagree .
i do n't enjoy discussing with you and after that last comment you confirmed that i was right in my decision .
i was hoping that maybe you counter that i was wrong that your only way of talking is hostile quoting and attacking and you return with some evidence on streamer-dev interaction or atleast some non card game related reasons why talking to dedicated pros is bad pro=proffesional a guy or girl that makes money off game not only competitively but also streaming or making other content .
on the other hand i heard plenty of examples where pros are consulted like overwatcg or hs .
hs even hired trollden to be consulted not on balance but how to make game funny in a healthy way since he does a lot of compilation videos .
while when it comes to dbd the only thing i heard was that they used to ask streamers for feedback long time ago and on very isolated occasions but they have n't done that in a very long time .
so please provide some actual points of discussion if you wan na continue it because right now its like playing chess with a pigeon .
you can be master at it but the pigeon will just flip the board shit on it and declare victory
did n't he have ptsd pre-appearing in the mcu ?
i 'm pretty sure he had ptsd got past it and he was running a ptsd support group in winter soldier
probably not because it 's for my duo partner who did n't preorder and his ass is asleep lmao
do n't think you understand how leases work if it violates local or state or federal laws which is what i 'm getting at here as i believe it violates the ada then it ca n't be enforced .
custom sound/textures are packed properly so everything else also should .
yes it crashes without error message at random moments .
link to map https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=1511220574 https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=1511220574
it is fun and the backstory is really interesting .
cuomo wins the primary over nixon with 2/3 of the vote !
d cuomo center-left governor who passes progressive things that come out of the state legislature .
r molinari who conservatives online simply call a rino .
was nominated by delegates months ago not by the people .
l sharpe who under the radar was a close 2nd place for libertarian vice president to johnson in 2016 .
g hawkins his 3rd time running after saying he would n't run again .
it had more to do with the fact that it seemed like someone with a cabinet level position mattis kelly or pence who could invoke the 25th amendment and remove trump legally rather than using soft power or questionable legality .
anyone who actually thinks the 25th amendment is a possibility has n't actually read it .
first you need to get the vp plus 8 of the 15 cabinet members to submit to congress that trump is unable to perform the duties of president .
then the president can issue a declaration saying hey guys i 'm fine '' .
then the vp 8 have to invoke the 25th again .
then you need a 2/3rds vote in both the house and senate to actually remove him .
parts three and four of never gon na happen .
hyphenated names are such a pain in the butt for everyone .
some systems do n't let you use the hyphen so then you 're sitting there trying to figure out if it 's the first last name or the second or if they put it all together .
and sometimes there 's not enough room to print out that monstrosity and they get mad at you .
i think it 's like saying you 're a tool '' since a weapon is a sort of tool
thinking about this experience i 'm having second thoughts towards gunning for flying nino in the upcoming swift banner .
they did a video conference with us and shared their screen so we could see how to make reports and revenue projections .
it is cool once you get it going but it definitely takes some dedication .
i own pieces from grana everlane jcrew and anthropologie .
i would n't say any of these places has higher quality than any other .
my highest quality silk item is a thrifted shirt from the 1980s .
they do n't show wrinkles as much and are not see through .
i am on the hunt for a white silk shirt that 1. does not wrinkle horribly and 2. is not see through .
if anyone has a suggestion i am all ears !
i was determined to get to vegas as fast as possible and got to sloan at night time .
well i ignored the people ran past the roadblock and started my way across .
i get a decent way and freeze ... . deathclaws .
i enter sneak and just start looking around they 're all around me now but all a decent way off .
i somehow had a stealth boy early on so i used that and all the chems i had and made a mad crawl north .
eventually they found me i just run like crazy throw a couple mines luckily cripple some legs and keep running til i somehow lost them .
i had done it somewhere around level 4 or something .
then i ran into a butt load of raiders had no ammo and died .
10/10 what a great start to a great game .
yes i ignored this show for a while because i thought it would n't be that good anyways but i just said fuck it and tried .
we 'll be sitting for the most important examinations in our lifetime
i 've heard people give up hoping for justice or punishment for crimes committed by high influence people like celebrities wealthy or politicians .
usually comes with a statement of how god will punish them for us .
in this way god being the punisher is apparently only for people who get away with it while alive the rest of us get punished twice .
to that end if we are to be punished for eternity or a very long time since some believe all will eventually be reduced from hell then what is an additional few years on top of that ?
of course that does n't make it right though .
ultimately you ca n't expect any of it to make sense .
maybe we are just keeping the criminals in jail so that they do n't continue killing people while here .
even though them killing us would just send us to heaven/hell sooner which is the goal destination anyway ...
i 'm going to try for my second one with the next rotation ...
each set of monster armour has it 's own strengths/weaknesses .
just make sure you 're suited up to fight the monster you 're hunting and it 's no biggie .
this for sure have been a 'threat ' since 2014 came close last year but did n't pull through .
basically not actual canon as in the actual facts from the book but things that you have come to believe to the point that they seem like they are actual facts .
she 's a porn star therefore trump is innocent ?
the exact same question has been asked at least 20 times since release .
do some quick search and you 'll find all the answers that you need
i think some republians will break with that letter floating around and stuff .
hobling is good just in case you wake one up could save you .
there is also this american horror story podcast and american horror story reviews and after show .
i have n't found one yet where the hosts really know the show well though .
funny that you 're the one calling others full of shit when at this very moment yourself is offering nothing of substance to the conversation while resorting to baseless accusations when i have addressed each of your previous objections thoroughly .
i challenge you any day to point out errors in the analysis and i will address them all until you have nothing to say .
if you ca n't point out why the equations are wrong or misapplied then you 're just posturing .
unlike you i prefer to focus on the subject in question and will waste no time addressing your petty character assassination .
do n't bother me until you actually have something of technical substance to offer or refute .
duurste banenplan ooit bedenk eens hoeveel werknemers in de zorg of leraren we kunnen inhuren met jaarlijks twee miljard .
i 'm still enrolled into the 50/month subscription and studying as per of rn too .
ıf ı hıt the ınformation ı only see rewards 3 or 4 fragment not figther name or drop s
the gp nippers you are looking at for sure .
they are n't bad just not as great in as people play them up to be in my opinion .
but for like 10 more bucks you can get the spn-120 's on usagundamstore right now .
they have coupons too that might stack on top of that like the one zakuaerlius has with them .
let 's keep the hype sharing it checking views like every 5min increasing for like 300k or more
is it really that big of a difference ? i have heard somewhere that ugs/haunted has more monsters but that was after i have already set up my elder bubble on toxic .
even more i got 2 strongholds blocking it in such a way that i never have to fix it its almost literary permament .
i really dont want to go through the process of setting it up again if i dont have to
just saying real new yorkers 🖕🏼🤔🖕🏼 keep that shit sleek and cut on the bias 🔪
sure i think the best baseline is mezzel 's list https www.mtggoldfish.com/deck/1319807 paper i think it 's a great starting point .
there is variance between lists in ninja vs spire golem vs augur and snap vs snag so you can experiment and switch things out if you like but i found from a very limited sample of games that this works best .
edit sorry for the confusion turns out i thought mud stands for mono u delver all along ...
kobold joe takes the tiny door hidden to the sides of course !
kobolds are the most dangerous creature in existence and if you ever see one holding it 's ground you can be damn sure there 's a pit trap right in front of it d
i had a high level character keep them as pets but the party did n't think my idea of letting defeated enemies try and earn their freedom by fighting their way out was particularly good aligned .
i also once discovered that bear traps in pathfinder dealt massive damage and was dirt cheap but the dm did n't much like my idea of me stopping his goblin invasion with 5.000 traps something about it being unheroic and reminding me of the minefields in modern day times that caused so much misery after the war .
teenage emotions made me jump ship off the lil boat but lb2 got me back on board .
the last birthday mix was nice as well i 'm looking forward to this .
they changed my email address 3 times now but alas always from an email address i had access to so the process was faster
get a trade in being an electrician or welder .
it does n't take a lot of time to get your apprenticeship and you can self teach yourself and take the tests this is in canada btw .
i asked my boyfriend out in high school we 've been together 5 years now !
publicly traded companies do that successful medium to large privately owned places with smart owners avoid that nonsense and make more money than your average stockholder will as a result .
but all that said a 3xbw deadlift is pretty impressive and would be rare for an intermediate whatever that means !
i 've already got worlds shortest for leviathan i got error code canary 'd 1 second after clicking launch on leviathan
do you all think we 'll finally get to see the purple kit today ?
yeah go for wear24 disable all the shit and you 're golden .
tbh i actually get mildy annoyed when i pick any out of something i search they are a waste of inventory space plus bottle rocket and m80 fireworks ?
that said the portafort is better than alot of the builds i see
that makes me think of you could invert the portafort it would be kind of useful or if it was a pyramid or some usable shape it would be a pretty decent find .
i have hit a wall and ca n't beat 5-10 and it 's very frustrating
family scouting aka girl-only cub scout packs or girl-only dens in mixed packs
scouts usa bsa edit do n't post in the middle of the night lol aka girl-only troops participating in larger events alongside other girl-only and boy-only troops
even now some chartered organizations may be piloting scouts usa bsa with the permission and guidance of their local council .
yes she is considering the fact that he is a registered sex offender when you are put on the rso list it becomes public information and you are entitled to the information solely because the purpose of the list is so the public can be acknowledged and informed it 's a way of keeping an eye on pedophiles also .
if you feel uncomfortable in your work environment you have absolutely every legal right to put your foot down or at least where i am from the government allows you to .
this team has had shitty rehab of injured players ever since shapiro came aboard and changed the medical and training staff .
sanchez out the last year and a half with splinters ?
donaldson injured chronically for 2 years straight and frustrated with the teams ' rehab ?
fargo shape of water cabaret uncle buck straight outta compton
i 'm going to be the party pooper but i love how when there is no sq it 's fuck dw '' and when there is sq it 's thanks australia ''
note the person i 'm talking about is sasquach .
i have never run the whole course but hiked it in 3 days 😁 this year i ran from les houches to courmayeur in 11hrs which was approx 75k .
i have no idea though quite impossible to predict imo
when i was a poor college student at least once a week i would eat a ramen packet with eggs soy sauce whatever vegetables i had and various seasonings .
you being overly sensitive about having perceived me as being overly sensitive made me laugh though so there 's that .
that 's probably when you hit the max mitigation/penetration possible which should be when defense is more than 6 times incoming damage and the other way around
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
straight ban they skip their 3 strike rule if you 're modifying the game .
them being this bad has made this group all sorts of question marks ... like how good is china really etc .
i still have my backlog but i 'm quick to drop games where i realize after a few minutes that they just are n't my thing and i went from buying a whole lotta games to very few .
i only buy and play games that really interest me now .
my friend wants hq gear day one so he can try to clear savage the first week .
for training do you swap out creeping terror for unstoppable impulse ? tenacious instinct to be included in the trinode ?
bolt action snipers need to one shot kill regardless of armor
adjust mgs so they move from the best cqc weapon to a suppressive gunner role
er pls enlighten me i 'm dumb and do n't get the racism
literally stopped playing with randoms after a 1-3 record .
now that we have deviljho there is n't nearly as much need to farm nergigante weapons .
aerodynamics drastically change the terminal velocity of an object .
look at a hawk diving http www.featheredphotography.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/red-tailed-hawk-8698-ron-dudley.jpg the shape it makes is intentional and allows it to fall faster than it normally would .
you could also have your critters beat their wings as they go down to speed up .
how about we deal with the raging shit fire first before we talk about bigger picture improvements ?
i do and i 'll probably upvote those posts when they come along and make it look like they are a viable alternative to fiat .
but this really does n't show a fiat replacement just a restaurant cashing in on the novelty of crypto payments .
just what im used to i like to be able to turn around in games without moving my mouse far on my desk p
right now my desk has wear and tear usage marks and well it looks like i use it in one position haha
tried using 2400 dpi etc but ... ... my aim goes to shit since im not used to it
he paid for the medication after a conversation where he likely found out about their circumstances .
not from having to deal with the patient as a part of his duties .
healthcare wise he had no reason to access their medical profile which is why it 's a violation .
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
i especially like how useful the pop top looks .
it 'd kill me to sit like that all day though .
are you gon na use it for games or productivity ?
you probably used it with fewer monsters in range .
its hp are based on your base damage with a multiplier on how many monsters are hit with that attack up to 5 i think its 5 going on memory for the exact number .
it can also be buffed by some things but not others .
theres a list around somewhere that indicates what exactly .
good for the victims and good for you getting the karma points
this sounds like a devious way to discourage sniping .
ok cool i 'll just take the one green here . ''
guess i should only summon with 20 orbs . ''
i have the exact same config i 'll check later today if i have the same issues .
well i ca n't argue with you there i think he did play me .
i guess i did n't expect him to rip me off like that since i have known him for so long and have done big business with him before .
yeah man sorry i just thread crawled and everything i saw came up dead .
just felt like they were trying to keep the model aesthetic .
my experience is that unless it 's rare the larger it is the worse it is to flip .
the large console ones are a dime a dozen while tabletop ones are collectible .
the single letter rules do not apply to responses to this thread as it has been designated meta .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asktheouija if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean a ton of the people in minnesota have nordic heritage .
it 's not like it came out of nowhere .
evolutionary progression '' is n't a thing anyway in the sense you 're saying .
a cockroach is just as evolved '' as we are .
it has n't though because neither side has nuked the other .
that was n't for the sake of the species it was recognized as a false alarm .
being a groomsmen will have to mean taking a week off for the wedding .
you will miss a lot of groomsmen memories but do n't sacrifice your life and career for it .
what if they get a divorce is 2 years ?
you do n't have to miss the wedding itself it does n't sound like .
yeah taken centurions send out axion bolts as one of their main attacks
they just ca n't win with you chronic complainers can they ?
they opened up the lines of communication let 's give them some time to see if they take action on our concerns before we act like self-entitled asshats .
dennis miller giggling like a school girl the entire time makes it gold .
i listened to it with my dad one time and i do n't think i 've ever heard him laugh harder in my entire life .
the sheer absurdity of a puppet act on a radio show is already brilliant but to make the puppet a holocaust denier is a work of genius comedy .
people always say louie is a genius but he never did anything like that .
simply put he remained above .500 with an injury ridden roster and a quarterback who is n't going to make any coordinator look good .
this is n't really a direct policy but i need to get it off my chest .
i was constantly being yelled at by my manager getting papers yanked out of my hands i was in the process of being trained in the warehouse and when she had to be the second signature on shipments i sent out she would reprimand me for things she i was n't taught to do yet call me an idiot throw the pen down on the desk and huff while walking away^1 .
i felt i was being emotionally abused which affected my work and that snowballed to the point where i would cry in the bathroom nearly every day .
i wear my heart on my sleeve so it was really hard for me to talk to my boss about things we did n't even have a human resources department .
i decided it would be best to record an interaction between me and my manager so i could have evidence to send rather than burst into tears trying to explain things to my boss myself .
i was pretty sure this was legal in my state so i turned on my phone 's video put it in my pocket and recorded our interactions for one day .
i got a lot of evidence her calling me an idiot raising her voice cussing at me getting mad for me asking questions and all the aforementioned^1 things .
i sent the audio to my boss asking if they could bring this up with the higher-ups .
my boss was very apologetic and surprised at what they heard in the audio saying that 's unacceptable ...
they told me they would bring it up with the boss ' boss .
a couple days later i was asked to come talk with them .
i was basically told that recording conversations is illegal i could be fired for this and they 'll talk with my manager .
half way through that meeting i broke into tears ...
the way my boss ' boss was talking made it seem that he never even opened the audio file which did n't help my case in the slightest .
a week later i was fired and my manager said i tried to get you to work harder . ''
everyone i worked with besides my manager was surprised to hear that i was let go .
i later googled my state laws and recording conversations is only illegal if i 'm not an active participant in the conversation .
so i was lied to reprimanded for it and probably nothing was done to fix the emotional abuse i was receiving c
derpyhappy i used to make fun of bronies on forums for watching a little girls show then someone challenged me to watch an episode before criticizing it .
well i watched one episode and another and another ... and eventually i ran out of episodes because it was the middle of season 2 .
it took me awhile to accept it and stop hiding it .
i used to be vehemently anti-brony now i 'm not ashamed of being one .
why do you guys ban people for posting articles that do n't fit your narrative ?
not allowed to use turn signals and must park like an an asshole whenever the opportunity presents itself .
your thread has been removed because your account is too new and has too little karma .
if you think it was a mistake message us here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2finfographics .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/infographics if you have any questions or concerns .
people bought for 60k back in the day and are paying 1/6th of what they paid for the property originally in taxes .
old people should n't have to move for all the rich fucks that are moving here for jobs .
i think im going to have an aneurysm out of your pure stupidity .
saw the pictures out of calgary today now i 'm even more jealous .
he was within his rights to shoot her remember this is in texas and she invaded his castle .
but you know that he would n't have fared to well ... .
i thought about taking a workspace in the noord and this was why i did n't .
i got matched up with the same player tonight three times in a row and each time they quit .
this was in t10 and they had more trophies than me .
i have maxed t1-t10 and they had 200 more trophies than me which means they have had some success in t11 .
i have one gold expert bronze expert and silver pro banner showing .
that is a far cry from three gold expert or master banners showing .
just gon na explain why the moon cakes i got from there are not good the red bean filling is quite dry .
granted the double-yolks are pretty nice but overall the cakes just are n't that tasty compared to what others you can get at other stores .
if he has nothing to offer in that respect it makes no difference .
yeah but even if they 're fake they still paint a negative light .
many of the campsites have changed from first come first serve to reservations .
paislee was young enough when taylor got with her now husband that she honestly probably does n't remember adam at all and only has memories of her new dad .
aubree was older when cole came around and already had memories and an established bond with adam 's family .
that has to make it more complicated on chelsea to consider pursuing adoption .
there are accusations of stream spying going on floating about read into it as much as you will
you have been given one point for this answer .
they 're unmarked but we who dwell here know the exact spots to avoid .
i keep telling myself i have to do something about them but you know how that goes .
buggy has his buggy mercenary organization though that 's like crocodile 's baroque works but a new world version so they are stronger than baroque works
the point is to make gun owners to want to move .
i agree but i also think we evolve from conflict we evolve away .
evolution is like an algorithm that goes around conflict like water going around a rock so naturally one that does n't invent unnecessary battles will be selected pun intended i guess
i do n't think there 's a specific triangle that applies to every match up take zoolock for example its weak against odd rogue but both are aggro decks does above average against control mage cubelock and control warrior all 3 which are control decks
the same applies to hunter which does very badly against odd paladin but good against quest warrior .
more often than not its what decks is your deck weak to favorable and unfavorable match ups
start an investigation on him and you might find the answer
it 's just that everyone else is catching up and calling out our past advantages and calling for a stop to them .
still the best time to be a white male .
yes in the 70s i coulda bought a house .
the logical fallacy you 're engaging in is called a false dichotomy .
i 'm assuming you have n't seen any shows where kai greene is the commentator ?
he 's able to give the detail without sounding like a douche that discredits everyone but the top competitors .
and i did n't say shawn ray by name because the stream is so fucking bad i only get 15 seconds of it before it lags and did n't know who was hosting just that they had to be an ex pro .
who teaches them this is irrelevant as long as they are never taught what to think .
i dont think the xp trainer would be worth it unless you already have a dream team and dont need any other black balls from a duplicate trade option
halloween the real first one hush alien and the babadook are my fav
at least zane had decent ish level up rewards .
yubel 's level 45 card is another copy of yubel ffs .
i have a flash cart for it but lost my charger for it at some point .
nah man thats the way its supposed to be .
it may look big and heavy but thats actually one of the lighter cpu coolers out there .
take a look at the max 8 from coolermaster that things a monster .
when a game takes too long and then subsequently overstays its welcome . ''
when i hear this mentioned i think about what the decision tree looks like for a game .
a game with a few turns but lots of decisions is like a low lying shrubbery that has been stepped on one too many times .
a long game with almost no decisions to make it like a tall narrow pine .
an idea game for me looks like a nice round shrub not too flat not too narrow but nice and rounded .
in other words a game overstays its welcome when the decisions making becomes repetitive and that either more interesting decisions need to be added or the game needs to end sooner .
example 1 i think splendor hit the sweet spot .
the game has very limited decisions to make but its goal of 15 points keeps it short enough that no runaway leader forms mid-game and the decisions become repetitive .
example 2 fortune glory is a random-fest of temple raiding for artifacts but the game leaves me unsatisfied .
my issue is i feel like i do n't get to do enough based on the number of turns in the game .
if you get caught by the more interesting mechanism of the game a cliffhanger then the limited number of turns makes you feel like you wasted your game time .
i want more ... its a flattened shrub and needs to be rebalanced so that you get a lot more turns out of it .
example 3 my wife and i have a game called six shooter basically poker dice with bingo .
good for when your tired have no time to play and need to eat and go ... you can play this while eating and talking .
basically draw a card to determine what type of poker hand you need to roll on your dice use up to 3 re-rolls to get it and if you get it place a mark on your bingo board ... first to get bingo wins .
very random no real decisions and last waaaaay to long but as i said a good thing to do passively when you just need to play something and need to multitask without using your brain .
i do n't understand why people do n't fix this issue themselves by simply implementing their own version of a shorter length game .
imagine chopping off the last 2 rounds of agricola or saying 3 in a row is bingo in the example 3 ... the game just does n't work right .
also some people seem to think game designer is a profession that you go to university for getting a phd in how to make a board game '' and thus a layman should never tamper with the sacred rules of the game .
they do n't realize its a hobby sort of like frisbee gold and that there are n't really professionals but a lot of amateurs .
the majority of people who start making games are those who played a lot and just started tinkering ... so yeah i agree that you should feel free to tinker but recognize that the simple fix does n't always fit and if it really did fix the game that much the designer most likely would have seen it and implemented it .
it 's jin and his gang of bullis ! !
are you making fun of democrats at this point ?
we have a cock shaped pipe kicking around the house .
because it is literally right there in my brain .
here 's my link for you i subbed a while back it would be great to see you on my channel as well i 'd love to hear from you
i do n't think it 's okay or cool to experiment with a released game .
that 's what test servers and player-base polls are for .
i mean they completely changed how the game we bought plays .
this would have been a great topic for one of their round tables that has yet to happen .
that special china variant of the iphone xs could run on a different firmware and may only be restricted in a single language or include pre-loaded chinese approved apps .
i usually ask people what the last movie they watched was and why they watched it
next i ask them what questions other people usually ask because sometimes people want a chance to rant about the dumb questions they get asked .
for example tall people always get asked if they play basketball
i do remember legion and i do believe it started as a better expansion than this but again you do n't have to pick apart the tiny aspects of what i 'm saying and ignoring the rest like it invalidates what i 'm saying .
the only point i 'm trying to make is that reputation gated profession recipes to me is n't a good idea .
crossing my fingers that the movie doesnt pull anything from the recent ask me about my feminist agenda '' direction of the captain marvel books .
people just throw that word around for emphasis ... ...
honestly i 'm just glad that you can tap the screen to skip the intro video now .
i legit care about that more than most of the buffs and nerfs .
are you asking for general venues or specific locations ?
i did n't find dating in korea that much different from back home nz .
i mean there are at least two others like starlightam or hiptotip .
i also like mondo he is second best boy in dr1 .
your post has been removed automatically because all images except for infographics must be submitted in text posts .
if you submitted an infographic please message the mods by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends otherwise click here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit ? selftext=true to resubmit your image the proper format .
if you 're not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel pft is out of place in barstool .
a nearby store has a small crew that does n't do much .
at my store we have a bigger crew but not big enough as we still have to get the grocery truck done and much of gm is left for us as well .
i do n't see how bigger stores like mine can get rid of overnight altogether .
the frozen and dairy experiment has been a total disaster .
so what happens when they do the same to the entire overnight crew ?
i heard the challenge quests were hard but this was way worse than i expected .
artoria saber grailed to 100 princess of the white rose ce
xdx i tried this about six times with different teams and none of them actually worked .
in the end it was a combination of jeanne 's healing and invulnerability using the combat formal wear to paralyze herc and using karna 's skill to lock his np for a turn and a lot of luck .
main reason i 'm posting is to make two points yes it is technically possible to dumb luck your way through this if you have some good servants but it 's brutally tough and will take many tries so do n't be like me follow a guide !
if snapchat could just stop countering it that would be nice .
dunno but i 'm expecting one of them to be a wolpertinger reversing the roles on jackalope 's art .
jeg forstår stadig ikke at man har et så hårdt cutoff med den kriminelle lavalder .
hvis man som 14-årig vælger at stikke et andet menneske ned så ved man sgu da godt hvad der foregår man er ikke et uskyldigt barn der danser rundt på skyerne i regnbueland .
i usa kan de blive anklaget som voksne hvis de fremstår voksne nok .
jeg siger ikke at det skal kopieres 1:1 men jeg synes at man bliver nødt til at kigge på indholdet af sagen inden man bare siger nåh han var kun 14 .
det ville være overkill at sigte et barn som voksen fordi han har malet på en mur eller smadret et sidespejl .
men hvis man angriber andre mennesker eller dyr for den sags skyld med våben så bør alderen ikke være så altafgørende .
dont worry young one we shall guide you in the right direction of great cinema .
seem to be getting a lot of logitech from the research i 've done.. logitech seems like the way to go so far haha
he never complained but managed to get it through .
i for one am really happy the way this government is performing at the moment .
they are never in the news for stupid reasons these days .
my understanding is that non-citizens may have that issue but that citizens would not .
casual searching on the internet says i am correct .
exactly like in most countries but normally after that period you can quit it how can i do this with docomo without paying 10k ?
we just want to remind you of some important rules
definitions of these terms can be found in the legitimacy policy https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/policy .
that includes pokémon obtained from wonder trade the gts and passerby trades and may also include trades on other websites or with friends .
full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny event or competitive legendary pokémon .
if your post violates any of these rules please edit it as appropriate and read the rules in full https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules before posting again .
otherwise your post will be removed by a moderator .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's a well-known phenomenon by now that players will engage in un-fun behavior if it appears to be 'optimal . '
part of good game design is making what players think they 'should ' do similar to what the devs want them to do and still fun .
i think she 'd be the first to say she 's the basic white girl we all know in our lives .
when your phone case is a starbucks cup ya ass is basic .
i like technocracy but i still wish facebook and all of its shit was n't part of it .
i 'd love to delete it too or at the very least stop using it but it 's still too widespread in my country .
without it it 's hard to keep on contact with anyone and nobody i know uses twitter .
which sucks too anyway i only use it to post art and i always find my experience in the site miserable .
holy fuck he drives a red bmw ? ! ? ! ?
mothafucker ai n't getting my vote no two ways about it .
thank you op for being so butthurt about these things to inform us .
all it would be is haleigh and fessy fighting at nights bayleigh and rockstar discussing how much they hate white people and scottie laying in the hammock .
ewwwww its teams that means u need friends and thats just gay omegalul
few treads bellow this one i see a video of people doing exactly this
i am going to take my traveller 's cheques to a competing resort ! ''
no spoilers means any comments with spoilers need to use spoiler tags to cover the information .
for more info please check the spoiler guide r/gameofthrones/w/spoiler_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gameofthrones if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i got an email about their iodine notebook because i think they sent that out to all or their kickstarter backers .
i may pick one up but i still have all of these notebooks i ca n't return .
i feel less inclined to spend more money on more premium notebooks because of that .
your submission found at https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/comments/9g0d39/idea_for_better_attacking was automatically removed from r/clashofclans because it does not include one of the required tags in its title .
please check this post https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/wiki/tagging_your_post for information about tagging your submission properly and resubmit it with the correct tag in the title .
please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashofclans if you have any questions .
if your submission was a loot post please review the announcement we 're all out of loot !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashofclans if you have any questions or concerns .
some people will break a car window for a bit of change that 's sitting in the cup holder .
i do n't think you could ever simply fix this game .
the writing has some fundamental problems especially in how connor interacts with george washington and his needless application of blame towards charles lee in face of evidence .
it overall feels like the entire thing needed another pass before they really started fleshing it out because it 's pretty clear from the way the game is that they locked the story in way too fast and the game is a mess for it .
not to mention all the other questionable design decisions like the abysmal frontier '' and fast travel in the cities being something you could only unlock by walking around in tunnels for 45 minutes per city .
it straight up feels like i 'm levelling up in real life in a way so much more concrete than anything i get from exercise .
'' lvl 18 you have unlocked the word bedframe ''
aw fuck yea now i can say bedframe in not-english ''
some of us just dont have a lot of drive and ambition and that 's ok .
better make friends with being alone though as a man .
it 's taken me 53 yrs to figure it out .
not saying women are gold diggers but loving you for you is not enough .
i know you 're looking for a more definitive answer but when i started making music i picked ableton over fl studio cause thats what my favorite producers use and while you can create the same stuff out of either daw i would be lying if i did n't say it had somewhat of an impact on how your music would sound for a while until you know the daw well .
fl studio 's workflow is better for making beats and ableton 's workflow is better for making electronic or more complex music easier fl studio is also known for having to take more steps to do most things compared to ableton
what has been the most surprising thing about this storm so far ?
if you 're using 80c water as they recommend i 'd bump it up to 90-95c i have n't drank that particular oolong but i often find what-cha suggest too low of a temperature for my tastes .
you can also try increasing the amount of leaf used .
all the high fashion people will be doing this in the fall .
under probably reimbursed the driver 5 times the amount in the jar via her payment information .
watch some lpl or lck games and learn how to play .
i have a feeling you are playing some troll build without knowing it .
urgot can take a ton of damage when built correctly
this would 've been so badass to be at holy shit .
it looks like you 've posted a premise or a question .
for future reference showerthoughts are almost exclusively conclusions and should not be what if ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
ninjy his team were just talking about how tough this raid will be to lfg i seriously hope he 's wrong but he probably wo n't be .
i know from experience that you 'll get some idiots running lfg that do n't know mechanics well or just ca n't stay alive when needed..
it 's just so rare to find a team through lfg that is dedicated wo n't disband after two wipes knowledgeable not bad at the game that some of these mechanics just seem like they 'll be really difficult .
obviously ll is a huge factor in why this race is taking so long but damn lfging might be a grind for this one
like it hope he will look similiar in the series .
i live in canada and a lot of the merch i buy is in the us .
i do n't feel like adding extra costs onto the extra costs just to shave off a few days .
are you just recording your screen or is there replay feature in the game ?
i guess you 've learned your lesson not to buy a pre-release game .
he is forcing the ball wide and blocking a lot of the passing lanes into kane from trippier .
it seems his defensive off the ball work is affecting his on the ball attacking play .
to be expected and away from home it isnt the worst .
my sincerest condolences mate welcome to the empire of man we 'll take you in !
u/anthropology_nerd answered this question https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3jll9c/one_of_the_main_reasons_europeans_were_so_utterly/cuqoepv a few years ago .
hey dude i rented it from tigit motorbikes in hcmc .
the bike was 450 retail for one month with no maximum range .
tigit keep their bikes fantastically maintained and i 'd definitely recommend them whether you are planning on leaving from saigon or hanoi .
just fyi i live and work in saigon as an esl teacher .
i had to present a valid visa at least one month in order to rent the bike .
yes i tried doing the calculation in my head instead and failed !
iam gon na be part of this sub since i main arctic assasin ?
thought they were supposed to be better than the bigfooty and facebook nuffies
2011 is a case in which the united states court of appeals for the first circuit held that a private citizen has the right to record video and audio of public officials in a public place and that the arrest of the citizen for a wiretapping violation violated his first and fourth amendment rights .
the case arose when simon glik a private citizen filmed boston massachusetts police officers making an arrest in a public park .
i was not aware that she had done that .
i do n't know if this belongs here but i thought it might be appreciated .
maybe it was the last one for that time/area .
there are definitely full service gas stations in austin at the moment .
does n't change that he might not have the time to do it and may need help ?
but they both are so into that movies stuff today so who knows .
political correctness is america 's newest form of intolerance and it is especially pernicious because it comes disguised as tolerance.
i 've just been having a bit of a hard time choosing what to do from now on .
i started playing during pre-patch boosted my worgen druid did the stuff .
he 's 120 now i 'm doing the quests in the last kultiran zone to unlock world quests and finish up the story .
i just finished up grinding for void elves and lightforged on argus after like a month and a half and i was excited that i can make them now .
but i really want to be horde deep down just because of nostalgia i guess .
otherwise my plans for alliance are way better keep stuff up with the druid make a lightforged pally that i probably wo n't play but want to have make a void elf priest or warlock bias towards priest since i love healing then make a kultiran shaman or rogue .
if by some amazing force sethrak become a race i 'd want one of those two and i have a feeling they 'd be perfect priests because of the whole faithful '' thing .
which makes me thing my velf is better off as a warlock and i think the racials work better for one ?
hard choice since if sethrak do n't become a race i wo n't have a priest .
thanks so much i would have never have figured it out .
r9k is loaded with depressed individuals posting selfies check it out .
edit i guess they made a new board for that called soc .
do you consider the ussr and mao 's china as communist ?
you had better hope it 's not a breezy day when you go out in that mini-mini-skirt
maybe it was his plan to do that all along ...
i made sure to get the kill on the sniper from across the room with the detroit smash .
the code of the missile is so insanely fun .
if you got an answer and have n't already marked your post solved '' or likely solved '' please reply to the person who gave you the answer or this comment with the comment solved !
if you did n't get an answer yet please remember to mark it solved when you do .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthisthing if you have any questions or concerns .
if she was some haggard looking wench she 'd probably at least get some jail time and would definitely lose her ability to teach .
i 'm just saying that character development is really a given when you have three games time to do it .
most if the change happens in ac2 the rest just follows along .
ezio is just a charming and confident dude and that 's probably the reason why he is so popular but there is very little depth to his character .
connor and edward had a lot more depth than him .
am i the only one who think this is kinda too much penis touching ?
was n't there a mishap when an astronaut nearly drowned on a space walk .
the way the water clings to his hands kinda makes sense now .
at this point in the game goodness is measured by does it help increase my ovr because that what matters now .
higher ovr means better rewards when the reset happens .
tag u\/2dgt3d on any non-album imgur post and it will check saucenao and reply with sauce .
replies may take 5-10 minutes because reddit seems to delay them not really sure why .
i 'm adding support for i.redd.it posts and single-image imgur album posts soon .
i also recommend saying something to the bot when you summon her .
be nice or be naughty she 's a slut and likes both .
i 'm starting to think that some versions of the game shipped with ‘victims ' labeled instead of ‘support ' .
it would explain some of the salt from genjis and tracers over a support not just lying down and dying .
it 's just so difficult to stay away from a melee range hero when you have tons of mobility !
do n't rely on the garmin smart watches notoriously overestimate .
make sure you are counting liquid calories from drink .
after two weeks it 's normal to have not seen much of a difference .
also i have pcos and my weight loss overall went exactly as calculated based on my estimated tdee vs. the calories i consumed .
however it was not as linear because sometimes i 'd have cysts flare up or whatever and that causes water retention .
my period bloated me up to 5lbs more than normal too and keep in mind i started at only 160 lbs so five lbs was a lot .
so you might not see the fat loss from day-to-day but trust me it 's there pcos does n't make us into magical unicorns who can defy the laws of thermodynamics lol .
i only weighed myself once a week i think that helped .
my pcos symptoms went away at bmi of about 23 and it so worth it .
early on i lead with a bow for sneak attack then start flinging long range spells while running around lol .
spells are not silent so you have to be careful about healing up before fights and be ready when you engage .
oh and saving often is nice cause im squishy af .
after i got invisibilty magic now i just cast that run around people and just be quick to cast it again when i loot stuff or open a door lol .
its definitely fun tho you should try it out !
his point is that extremely harsh prisons do not rehabilitate people .
of course it would have been better for them to not commit their crimes but it is also better if they can become normal members of society at some point rather than being degenerates forever .
i mean i 'm ok with aggro decks not receiving support
learning how genetics works in large populations from south park is probably a really bad idea .
man i roominated on nocturnal animals for a while afterwards .
probably the classiest most understated ending to a revenge film i 've ever seen .
i think mane and firmino looked good 1st half .
because there 's a normal gradient from 103.5 to 95.0 then a sharp fall with those four regions in the 89.5-92.0 range .
so it 's a way of denoting that they really do stand out in a negative way .
if you have better ideas on how to do that i am all ears .
bewda is a better commentator therefore he is also a better coach
employers are also required to pay their employees for time worked .
i think you need to stay single for a bit .
also i really do n't think dating a weed-taking arsonist is a good idea if that 's not your idea of a good time .
hey everyone look over here at the stupid shit i say ! ''
wonder if they can incorporate an easter egg with it
this is discrimination against people that do n't work in the nhs the people who pay for nhs salaries .
ooh i literally just finished a ceiling like this yesterday .
go get 1200 boxes of mud skim it out as thick as possible to make it flat as you can .
then skim it out again pre scraping sections as you go .
there will be no challenges like the contracts like in bo3 mp
childbirth seems scary and painful and i want nothing to do with any of that .
i totally did n't know that you could spend culture points on independence i thought that thing up the top was just a status bar telling me how i was going not something i could spend points on !
if japanese companies were abducting and murdering just '' 400 each year .
lol i 'm the only one that got the snooty response ?
iranian people are mostly shia and they were zoroastrians before islam raped them .
i bet you did and you just never pulled yourself along enough to connect .
i have been looking for one on xbox as well and ca n't find one .
i 'm trying out an infect build of him .
i do n't know if you 're trying to voltron him for a win or just use him for value but psychatog any infect creature pretty much wins in 1-v-1 .
otherwise it 's just a discard outlet that protects lazav from burn spells .
zombie infestation and call the bloodline create blockers and call creates lifelinking dudes which is neat .
in terms of wincons there are a few cheap in terms of combos
turn lazav into a slither blade and before damage boom he 's a phage .
turn lazav into the devourer exile 30 cmc worth of cards off the top of your deck .
then turn him into the triskelion and send 10 damage to each opponent hold priority then turn lazav into the infect dude before the pingings resolve .
this one can potentially win you the game turn 4 in 1-v-1 .
attempt to turn lazav into the ornithopter hold priority attempt to turn it into ornithopter in response hold priority attempt to turn it into ornithopter in response you get the idea .
you can move away from the starting location if you want but you definitely dont need to .
the shallows are a safe central location with plenty of sunlight .
as you get farther in the game you will realize that you can zip around the map pretty quickly going to and from your life pod to the edges of the map in 1-2 minutes .
i personally kept using my life pod right up until the end of the game with my little miniature base right beneath it .
without spoiling for you you will get to a point in the game where you start going very very deep and it is at that time i recommend building an outpost base as it is impractical to go back to your original until later on .
i see many people on this sub reddit building bases everywhere and if that is what they like then fine .
personally i like bases just for convenience not for the sport of building them and like i said eventually you will be able to fly around the map so fast you wont even be spending much time in your bases anyway .
i 'm a huge fan of games actually changing their world after events .
wow does this but in a do n't worry you can still get to the old stuff if you want '' type of way .
i think if they were n't so scared to change things and would use the world and change it as the game evolves it would make a much more immersive and interactive world if the playerbase could actually influence the shape of the world instead of a linear story where having 2 factions is irrelevant .
omg at the last reunion when andy 's all flirty like glad to know you have physical flaws in reference to his twisted pinky and craig just shrugs bashfully and semi uncomfortably i was like 😍😍😍😍 awwwww
https www.babble.com/baby-names/norse-names here is where i found harold '' im gon na suggest freya ... or erica
as long as its backed by the federal reserve sure
the game has been rigged for years it 's just that no one noticed how bad things really were until trump took office .
welcome to the real america folks it 's overdue for a change .
per the sidebar please format your title as a question .
your question must be an actual question not simply a statment with a ' ? '
feel free to resubmit your post with a specific question as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/careerguidance if you have any questions or concerns .
you might also want to follow the main sneaker-related twitters and put notifications on .
did n't know there was a prequel pack i 'll have to buy it
it was earlier this week today it went into open beta for all at least on pc again i do n't know anything about consoles
i never liked album logic but mixtape logic was my whole high school experience
and here i am i have never managed to pull pa !
i doubt i would kill a helbindi for just that tho unless i got more than one copy of him which seems kinda unlikely .
i will have to wait until those skills are not so premium i guess
just called off my wedding to a man i loved very much but unfortunately his addiction proved to be stronger than his love for me .
i dont want incineroar i would rather have decidueye as well im just saying i think incienroar is more likely
libertarians are wannabe fascists without the guts to say what they really mean .
grimer/muk are part of the pioneering age of pokemon when the game as a whole was brand new and the devs and artists could n't even imagine how influential the game would be on a global scale .
trubbish/garbodor came out at a time when pokemon had been established so the art team were more than experienced .
so would i have hated grimer/muk if they appeared in a later gen ?
i eat about 3 lactation cookies a day right now .
was just hoping beer would work better guess not ?
if anyone has an extra for my friend so we can play together tonight i 'd greatly appreciate a pm so i can forward it to him .
they did n't push it out it was listed in a search warrant as they were seizing it and it could potentially be evidence at a later date .
the same people flipping out over this would lose their mind if it wound up she shot him over drugs or something and the evidence was thrown out due to an illegal search .
go read the warrant the majority of it is for her crap not his .
throw pipe bomvs at any soldier in the world and see what happens .
gary enjoys saying big boy pants a little too much for my liking .
last year when my pharmacy met our goal for flu shots that was it .
knowing the following year 's goal would be based off how many we do .
we did n't worry much after the shortage as well .
i transferred to a different pharmacy and oh my lord ... . it 's a lower script volume store by half and with twice as many flu shots !
i do n't even think we have 700 patients to even meet our goal !
well i was n't aware that the neutral theory of molecular evolution was near death in the first place .
that 's not even remotely what he said and you know it .
expansions do not die of old age there is no actual economic argument behind this claim .
there is no life time there is no due date for recessions .
i did look into fat transfer but i 've lost so much weight due to all these health problems the surgeon said i do n't have enough fat to harvest .
if you have n't already looked at it there 's lots of reviews on this site https www.realself.com/breast-implant-removal .
so for those of us cursed with hurricane coverage instead of football right now what 's the alt stream we can use ?
please report back and let us know how it went .
i do n't see any eyes but i do n't want to sound insensitive .
where did you come from where did you go ? where did you come from sharp hand joe !
okay but what about saving people from boswer/ganon/kirby/dedede-cide with the fishing rod .
what was the stupidest player death you 've seen ?
with all those games you might have ended someone 's existence .
you could buy a token to get you into the flipping game .
or you could work on flipping crafting mats that does n't take a huge investment .
i went from 10g new server to 300k in about a week just flipping mats on the ah .
thanks all i adjusted the price and it fixed itself .
i think communism is a good idea let 's try do that instead ... hey lenin teach me senpai
and you must be an unoriginal cunt everyday so i guess we 're even .
how did isabelle the face of a super popular series with a new game coming soon get in over isaac ! ! ?
a character from a retired series who has n't had an installment is almost 10 years
isaac would be a good character too but those people need to open their eyes haha
you can put lipstick and makeup on it and its ' still a big nope stick .
until you invite someone on that thinks that is basically the lowest form of comedy ... ahem ... and everything goes to shit because they did not do their prep .
they do n't want guns to protect themselves from a police state .
they want guns to protect themselves from a tyrannical leftist government that wants to give them affordable healthcare and a 15 minimum wage .
they 're fine with the police state that shoots black people and locks up immigrant children .
the health app is meant to be like a database for your health info read from and written to by other apps which might offer the functionality you 're describing .
i do n't know if any exist though have n't really checked .
solich is on the north side of 70 and we have a solid and potentially great head coach that needs time to rebuild and has many good years ahead of him .
hacking with html is very common and pretty effective .
xss and session fixation are among the most common weaknesses in web applications .
can anybody fill me in on why this is a meme ?
he will respond he would actually be stupid not to .
despite what people think this is n't 2002 no eminem fan would cross to mgk but mgk diss would have 1000 hit people who did n't know mgk and disliked eminem there is a good chance he would have picked up a bunch of fans and 100 more people will be buying his album after this .
he will respond because of all the numbers he has done do n't expect an em response though ...
they 're making it sound like most of his wins were with an fbs team vs d-ii teams or something .
the dude has coached his team to victory over 200 times that 's impressive
well if you are a hunter or assassin it 's reasonable to assume you 'd be in pretty good shape and that you 'd have a smaller frame to get around quickly .
anyone could be a mage and it is reflected in this game .
guardians have very good diversity if you ask me .
warriors are similar to hunters and assassins if you ask me where a specific body type is best suited for the job .
you want someone who is strong muscular and large .
hard to imagine someone small and lanky as a warrior .
at speed it would be even more dangerous than just a stable hover short hop '' like they do at spacex .
since spacex was already demonstrating stationary short hops '' using the exact same thrusters he 's talking about putting on cars i immediately assumed he was talking about that capability
of course doing it with speed and aero makes short hops '' relative a stationary hover would be measured in feet of lateral travel at most while aerodynamically induced flight would be measured in much greater distances probably longer than the wright brothers ' famous flight considering the speeds that are required .
i remember using that at school back in like 2006 .
the only matchup in the game i find more boring than tvt right now is pvp but there was a time when pvp was really interesting around the time when huk was really good at it and hated it and called it roo random but had like an 80 winrate in it or something .
no one just mails out a check to a craigslist ad .
i never heard of him until now and i 've added everything i could find from him on itunes to my current playlist .
personally i would be happy they told me before i made the 2 hour trip to see it only to not be able to take it home .
sounds like a reputable dealer being honest and upfront to me .
as long as it is still certified and they are bringing it to you i do n't see any obvious issues .
as a person driving trains let me tell you that train drivers can be late to work too .
normally there are backup drivers at the depot at least where i work but even those need some time to get to where they are needed .
i don‘t know how bad british railways are but many times when those „un-excusable delays happen it‘s just humans being humans .
giornali televisioni articoli del web a suon di titoloni ma sono questi i problemi ?
if there was no tyrannic state to enforce consequence free casual sex casual sex would n't be prevalent because its negative costs would be apparent .
casual sex has been a thing since humans have existed .
the way they handled this in the 17th and early 18th century was to wait until the pregnant woman was in labor and then get the father 's name out of her so he could then be forced to pay for the child under pain of exile from his city-state or punishment by the magistrates .
i 'm very socially authoritarian at least in an ideal world though i recognise that my wishes would be very difficult to put into practice .
however i 'm also socially libertarian on those things which do n't matter to me so i agree with most of his social policy points even if not for his reasons
i think the state should eliminate all legal recognition of marriage except as a piece of paper for the convenience of emigrants so what counts as a marriage should be completely unrestricted .
i think the law should not even be aware of the race of any person to the extent that all legal proceedings should take place purely in writing so that the appearance sex age raced etc .
of those involved can be obscured during the process so only the facts remain .
the law should be making us into one indistinguishable people so it would n't even know that a child is aboriginal when making decisions about adoption .
i believe that legal abortion is good for society by reducing unwanted children and helping control overall fertility and thus end population growth .
i probably do agree with his reasons for banning circumcision because there 's only good ones or obviously nasty ones .
yeah it happened with our clan a couple of months ago .
for japan one i got from the supermarket in airport mall cant remember the name haha it was less than 5
when you got ta train the new recruits how to properly scare a child to power your monster city ...
i gave him the slip after i ate and continued to shoot dope and act the fool that night .
fluctuates based on how much naan they 've had in the days leading up to the match
thanks my goal is get back down to my original weight of 180 after i lost 200lbs
i never got into it and this might be the first time i 've heard it mentioned in a couple years .
from an outsider 's perspective i do n't know if there 's anything that could breathe new life into it .
if that 's what you 're interested in writing though go ahead .
there are probably a handful of people who would love to read it .
so say if russia nukes new york and takes it over than that means it 's there 's and they own it now ?
as a measure of compensation there checo should offer his seat for next season to ocon .
ca n't handle someone with different opinions reading the same manga as you ?
i guess it 'd be nice if everyone on this sub agreed with you huh ?
actually my post was inspired by the iron man anime opening .
i just imagined a scenario where you dropped that trailer into an alt world without mcu and watch the chaos unfold as everyone desperately tries to investigate how such a trailer could possibly exist .
i think they 're called tent worms they make a sticky foggy mess on your windshield every time you park .
fyi i 've deleted this post and re-posted to r/legaladviceofftopic
absolute perfection 🙌🏻 and curves in all the right places 😍
only that 's not what she said but you go ahead and make stuff up i wo n't try to silence you .
if you do n't advocate opinions that fit those definitions you wo n't be called those things
to be honest i though about your idea before you wrote it here but it 's just not possible .
it means avocato would have to tell h.u.e « there 's a bomb » .
h.u.e needs to open the door which does n't open in a fraction of second this kind of door usualy takes 1-2 seconds to start opening and 1 more second to be wide enough .
from there avocato needs to throw the bomb outside but at this point it might have exploded yet .
if not it explose while he is throwing it away or very close to them .
plus the door open under the command room meaning avocato would be throwing the bomb in front of the galaxy 1 which is going forward at this moment .
and when the doors open everyone would be sucked outside ...
possibly gathering everyone closer to the bomb little cato first because he is the lightest ...
but at least now you know avocato solution was the best and he did not die in vain .
i do n't understand why this is such a hard concept for people to understand .
the boomers had so much more buying power with their min wage and we definitely have the economy for that wage to keep up with inflation the only problem is human greed and business owners who feel as if they are entitled to exploit others .
somalia is a very poor and backwards country in terms of culture or lack of it .
his first goal for united and goal against everton were very zlatan-esque .
fair compensates the loss of the home advantage from playing in wembley .
no game is supposed to be on a level playing field anyway .
you get to choose how wet and high the grass is even your pitch dimensions .
you 're supposed to be advantaged when playing at home that 's the whole thing .
this is quantitative compares only on price and license size no qualitative .
i used to love having a go at those bouncy ball dispenser machines when i was a kid .
whenever my mother said no '' i tried the machine anyway just in case '' while most times i got nothing there were a couple of occasions where i got a free ball out of it .
going fly fishing up in the arizona mountains ... . got me all excited now !
however being the realistic fly fisherman i am ... realize i 'm gon na have best luck imitating the nymphs .
people just like what they like ... sometimes it just comes down to the nostalgia of what you used to like as a kid and so it 's comfort food .
or maybe ppl are bringing their kids and that 's the easy way to make sure they eat something .
when you have no job no friends no one that requires you to do anything at any specific time .
an the 1st time i was like ok that was a mistake '' but at the 4th i had to tell her that it was a bit painful .
best place to go is their forums to check out user activity .
it 's a great framework but does have its share of problems .
the ui framework widgets is limited working with multiple resolutions is supported but can be convoluted .
those can all be overcome though and are n't reason to not use it by any means .
it has changed owners parent company about 4 to 5 times now and during the last change a lot of talented staff members were let go .
i can see by looking at their announcements over the last year that the staff that were let go have n't been replaced by people of equal skill .
your main concern in using corona should be long term stability of the company .
they said they 're going to open source it but we 're almost a year in since they said that and it has n't happened .
if they go under before that happens you 're going to be royally screwed .
in terms of being able to update your game at a later date .
so my advice would be to use an sdk/engine from a company that is very self sustaining like unity or open source like godot so you 're not going to be left high and dry like in the aforementioned scenario .
alternatively you could leverage open source frameworks like sdl to build your game .
that way you 're not reliant on a third party .
even if they do n't ask them out they could still show other signs of interest like have a friend come over to you or be flirty .
none of this stuff even happens anymore women just look at their phones and do n't talk to guys they like just like we do n't talk to them because we are all lazy and insecure
if you 're a guy and do n't initiate literally nothing will ever happen where as a girl just has to exist or put her pic online to get showered with attention .
i had to pause the show to write this quote down in my notebook .
it really was funnier and more moving than i expected .
i was sitting there raising my arms and shouting preach all alone at the tv crying a little .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rarepuppers if you have any questions or concerns .
as someone that 's probably twice your age so take this with a grain of salt
you are definitely over-reacting and freaking out over something kind of trivial .
she 's also apparently not the best communicator but y'all are 15 .
nobody really ever quits mtg we usually only take long breaks .
in 5 years when you suddenly remember why you enjoyed it in the first place you‘ll be pissed that you can‘t just take that old modern deck from years ago to the next fnm and see how it goes .
or that you can‘t even play a nice casual round of kitchen table magic with anyone .
i‘ll say what most in here already said hold on to at least one deck .
you can always sell it for even more in x years but at some point in the future you might regret not having a single deck .
i literally just jotted down that i needed a way to write some campfire scenes in the next chapter .
now who is going to be the cheater ... obviously iroh but will there be more than one ?
they waited to start of sector 3 in monza .
that 's a more reasonable time to start the sc .
there are many species of pika around the world .
here 's my 205 day box post https imgur.com/a/nx2nmjj side note i still did n't awaken lr cell cuz i got him literally 10 minutes ago and the 3rd and 4th image are switched but that 's about it also f2pbtw
if fred did n't break his leg in 2011 when the bills were rolling at 5-2 and fitz had his ribs broke too
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
i can answer altho it 's a pathetic attempt at moving the goal posts and completely misses the point be it intentionally or not .
but that small percentage is still a lot bigger than the of norwegians who do .
and with time that relative small number and small percentage will become a major problem down the road .
let me explain to you how numbers work because you seem to be ignorant of the fact .
if i have 5 million norweigans and only 0.1 of them rape and i have 100.000 immigrants and 1 of them rape .
once there are 500.000 immigrants you will have a 100 increase in rape from a 10 increase in population .
it does n't matter that most of them '' are good people reality is more suffering for us and for what ?
well a pip biy has 64k of ram so you can open like 120 of them at once
the comments here instantly turned cringey in light of new info .
that sounds like regulation and foxnews tells me regulation is bad .
if she started out overweight and is steadily gaining weight on a highly restrictive '' diet i wonder what the outcome would 've been if she was n't restricting at all .
i thought that following the bible to it 's word was what it meant to be christian ?
my all-time best streak is 14 days and the way i felt was so much better than i 've been feeling recently .
hopefully this is the incentive that will get me to go further and reach 90 days !
i guess i was in a good artillery unit .
artillery did exactly what the infantry would tell us to do make things blow up .
if i use an mfc barcode to buy tickets will i be sitting with other mfc members ?
is it the same for all categories of ticketing ?
ask her in a funny way make a sign make her laugh make her want to go with you it 's 100 more successful than just asking like with my current girlfriend i made a custom ‘share a coke ' and it said share a coke with cameron prom anything works
so despite the fact that cc let us down yet again this was actually a decent bullpen game .
it was all hands on deck and everyone pulled their weight even the less than stellar kahnle .
severino happ and tanaka are good places to start regardless of severino 's issues this year .
we need corbin in the offseason to replace cc and we really really need to be the top bidders for scherzer when the opportunity strikes .
the nats are going to be sellers this coming offseason .
we should hold off on harper and grab scherzer if we can .
another good option would be kopech after he gets off his tjs .
fulmer is a busted suitcase at this point and we missed the boat on cole .
we need to trade some big pieces here and frankly if that means gary clint or even gleyber i 'll be willing to hold my breath and nod .
we can bail out gray tarpley swanson and a few of the prospects to other teams to get some extra cash or platoon players .
scherzer tanaka happ severino corbin lynn sheffield bollinger and you got yourself some tight-ass pitching son .
this bolstered by a fully-loaded offense featuring judge stanton one more year of didi miggy gleyber voit and with any luck florial and fully recovered frazier as backup outfielders in addition to hopefully new coaches that 's a team that can make the sox and a 's really sweat .
and finally we are now 1-0 when gardy wears pants and 0-1 after he wore pants the one time and did not wear them today .
it was bound to happen with our aggressive e defense
oof i thought you were a pedophile for a sec
nobody said outdrgear yet so im guessing its no good ?
does items on there have many user ratings reviews ?
it had a few jump scares but it makes sense because pennywise likes scaring things before eating them but the tension buildup in my opinion was pretty incredible throughout the film .
have n't noticed anyone afk or any toxic chat but i genuinely ca n't see chat half the time it 's too small and too far right .
but as a hammer user i am constantly fighting fucking dual blade users for the head and they keep stabbing me in the back/ribs and interrupting my combos half-way through .
a lot of them are fairly high rank with way better gear than me too so it 's not like they should n't know to stay away from the head .
the worst part is the tail is still on when they are doing this .
i also got cluster bombed for the first time earlier today .
there were three of us on the head yes a db and a hh the hh was fine on the other side but that fucking db hitting me in the side ... and then all of a sudden a cluster bomb hit the head and knocked me and the db completely off the bridge and down below .
i do n't think it 's related to kids .
just as many kids tryhard as kids that dont give a shit .
it 's generally young adults that just know there are no consequences for playing how they want .
i started seeing this behavior a long time ago when wow and the like started introducing lfg and later mega servers .
when you have such a large open community it 's impossible to keep track of shitty people and black list them as a community .
mhw is n't an mmo but the random people that just drop in and out create the same type of system of no accountability is my point .
when you will never see that person ever again they can basically do anything they want and move onto the next group there are no tools to fight against this .
i 'm kinda mad but in a sorta self motivating way p
the guy that was captain of the team that could n't tie in trinidad and is the most colossal failure ever in american soccer getting in zlatan 's face ?
anybody know what they 're selling it for in us dollars ?
as long as the cowboys do n't sign him then i hope he and his new team have a happy marriage
1.800.593.7069 is the phone number i 'm prompted with when i try to call through the app
i do n't think the yellow is valid but it 's far far more preferable over a red .
am i crazy or is he actually sitting front row of every osu game i watch ?
usc did not seem to challenge that call as much as i would have assumed based on how i saw it .
... if only i had a spotify account i run a plex media server and stream flac content off it instead of streaming from spotify since i 'm an absolute audiophile !
i usually do n't like image labeling memes but this is kinda funny
that 's the best way to get a 7-star olive .
i 'll allow the man bun in this instance ... that level of precision and bad assery negates any douche baggery attached to this particular hairstyle
vaan 's is fantastic although he suffers from stiff competition in physical fire like everyone and wind thanks cloud .
he 's also one of the best non ele characters for whatever that 's worth .
basch is a mess but his ld has some use on xii since he can cover people through gnaw if you 're okay with rng .
we do n't just want to win we want a royal flush .
first off if you 're asking these questions you should probably hold off on investing in mtg until you do a little more research
as for a more direct answer to your question there 's no right way to invest in rl or premodern foils .
the rl saw massive spikes recently in playable cards however some cards on the rl still remain relatively affordable .
you can more or less approach rl investing in two ways
1 buy legacy/edh staples that are on the rl .
these cards are generally expensive and you 'll pay a premium for them .
the thought process here is that their playability and limited availability will drive up prices in the long run
2 buy lower tier rl cards sub 5 and hope they spike some time in the future .
keep in mind most remaining rl cards are cheap for a reason but all it would take is the right card or deck to spike the price .
you can apply these same theories to 7th ed foils as well
please note both these methods are not guaranteed to be sound investments and carry a high amount of risk .
my suggestion would be to research a whole lot more check out some cards that have gone up over the last few years find out why use mtgstocks to check price trends and learn as much as you can .
i 'm convinced by now you 're a troll however
the placing of missiles in cuba and the subsequent missile crisis was in 1962 and was actually in direct response in order to ensure cuban stability to the bay of pigs invasion which was in 1961 .
and the bay of pigs was part of the cia 's operation mongoose which was created under eisenhower in 1960 and officially put into action by kennedy in 1961 .
this was a concerted effort by the us government to destabilise and overthrow the cuban regime through economic pressure propaganda and supporting/training guerilla militants .
all this can be gleaned from a cursory glance at either wikipedia article however if you do n't trust their validity the incongruity in the dates alone should be enough to prove your claims as false .
reminding me of the auburn lsu game from this afternoon ...
first sexual encounter this girl wanted to golden shower me .
that 's more of a 3rd or 4th encounter thing
got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
mr. game watch the character was completely made up for melee .
there was a set of handheld games called game watch but none of them contained a character with the name mr game watch '' .
it is the only character with no traits of a gender excluding pokemon 's technicalities and the only playable chacter without legs .
the only playable character based on an accessory and not an actual game character .
the only character who 's default outfit is different based on your region in japan its default outfit is the one with red arms and yellowish-white body .
its neutral special is the only chargeable projectile that charges by not using it besides fire breathing .
was the only character with a transformation final smash in brawl who lost in wii u/3ds .
hopefully she notices and then sees all the love for her .
that 's easy of san diego on the 8 towards yuma right ?
already got the darigan pb so i 'm halfway there !
and kudos to you for helping someone with their dreams .
also the shitty machine tipping is totally a possibility .
i once broke 13 glasses because the whold damn thing tipped over on me trying to load it .
lark-inn lp since the lawn lumberjack thinks he 's so sly 😎
does anyone else just hate the idea of armor altogether ?
9/10 gunfights i lose are because they enemy had more armor than i did .
that does n't make for interesting gameplay or engagements .
i wonder if jordan being 6 fucking 7 has anything to do with his bad snaps lol .
yeah call it blindsight i get it a lot in fact .
i can understand something but i ca n't identify the pieces that make up the jigsaw .
it could just be me having aspergers but i think it 's a normal thing as well .
mack 's dropped ball and sean 's missed fg are killing us rn
my guess is that it will at least stay flat .
i think the result and the guidance will be good so maybe return to the 50s .
gordon said himself he was high or drunk for all college and nfl games before last season .
hahaha it 's stupid and punny but i 'm glad you appreciate it 😂
will they deny me entry on say the 7th time in ?
if kingdom hearts had cars and some sort of car customization
i 'm not positive but i may have read this one before .
that i 'm both weird and normal at the same time .
just calling tech cards that are good meta game choices '' does n't suddenly make this a valid critique of tech cards .
and as for the math section garbage in garbage out .
fan of knives in odd rogue is an obviously terrible choice but you ca n't math this kind of thing out without vs/hsreplay levels of data .
you just wo n't be able to tell how much any decklist change you made actually changes anything and the qualitative method you outlined wo n't do anything useful outside of extreme outlier cases like fok .
that 's a very narrow card that drastically goes against what the deck is about .
it 's going to be good against the exact deck it 's good against and terrible against everything else .
it 's much harder to do a fermi estimate on anything less polarized .
that you could get aids from walking barefoot on pavement .
pretty sure it was just a way for my grandma to get me to put on shoes but still .
replace bjergsen with shawn michaels and tsm with hbk .
if you get the chance to do some hunting squirrel brains are pretty tasty as well .
see you in a week when you 've built enough maelstrom to cast it .
but this i think will put people away from ac 2019 because you have to go through the grind twice
ok you really do n't understand communism or communist if think some kind of police state rounding up people 's stuff whatever the fuck stuff means is essential .
here i found someone 's explanation of how a democratic model would look
edit also lol the irony of you calling communism snake oil while living in '' '' '' oh so prosperous capitalism '' '' '' ''
... communism is stateless meaning there is no centralized institution with concentrated power for those seeking power to exploit .
organization is built from the bottom up meaning neighborhoods and workplaces organize directly democratic assemblies and councils to decide through consensus on issues that affect everyone locally .
if an issue comes up that affects multiple communities and workplaces each council/assembly would send delegates to a larger broader assembly to vote based on the group decision decided beforehand .
there is more to it but that 's the basic idea of a direct democratic model of stateless organization .
as you can see there is no central authority only bottom-up assemblies and councils all under direct democratic control of people making decisions as required to solve issues .
also under communism there is no longer private ownership of things like land or offices or factories or stores .
the same bottom-up democratic model is applied to organizing and managing these as well .
places like grocery stores or workshop suppliers would run on a take as needed basis for items that are not scarce .
scarce items would be rationed and managed by the people using similar bottom-up democratic methods .
all of these methods of organizing strictly limit abuses of power because power is distributed equally amongst everyone .
you and your neighbors and community members will all be able to democratically manage your affairs with no top-down authority using violence or coercion to force you to obey . ''
so again you 're base level understanding of communism leads you to believe it 's all about you not being able to keep your stuff and someone sending the cops to come take it from you .
make you a capitalist who needs stuff and b .
they would n't need to send anyone your local community would just shun you for taking more then you need .
of course your argument now might be but i like haveing a lot of stuff its my right '' .
in which case would you rather have a bunch of unnecessary materialistic objects or would you like to know that from the day you 're born till the day you die you 'll have food a place to live and no worries when it comes to medical issues allowing you to possibly pursue whatever you 'd like .
you do n't need a computer to survive but there 's no reason why you ca n't have one if it helps you learn or allows you to relax and chill out .
just at no point would you be able to make and keep a million more computers then everyone else and exploit others to create and sell them .
hmm thanks for giving me an exscue to look into this more .
you 're childish fear of a political ideology has really gotten me into reading more communist work .
i was just driving down 2nd ave and someone drove one of these scooters down the middle of the road between the cars .
ca n't see him falling past the bills at worst unless this is worse than they 're letting on .
usually wear a boonie hat with that headband but i let a teammate wear it .
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
yep thats exactly it this is the only type of tree they haf no use for so they just left them .
i 'm afraid somebody has already posted this topic recently please make sure to search before you post .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/competitiveoverwatch if you have any questions .
until this morning the most powerful human in existence was elena ducarde director-general of the executive committee of the humanist interstellar effectively the head of government for the largest state in mankind 's history representing large swathes of earth dozens of colonies and billions of souls .
however she has just been disqualified on account of having died in her sleep during the night .
what removed her from power is unclear the investigation is ongoing and while the combined security services commissioner has claimed he does not yet suspect foul play everyone else sure as hell does .
with ducarde out of the running and the director-general 's seat temporarily empty who is currently the most powerful person becomes somewhat debatable .
the most obvious candidate is yulia hsing president of the martian humanist state and current frontrunner to succeed ducarde .
her unquestioned dominance of the martian military-bureaucratic leviathan and significant clout on the executive committee certainly give her extreme personal power but she is restricted by the fact that she is subject to the rest of the interstellar at least in theory mars is not an independent country but merely a constituent part of a wider superstate and as her many enemies on the committee will remind her she is n't director-general yet .
hsing is a supremely ambitious woman who would likely set the interstellar on the path to war if she wins .
it is unsurprisingly these ambitions that would be the most likely thing to bring her down no other potential director-general can sleep soundly with her around particularly given that hsing is currently given the best odds by most bookmakers for having arranged ducarde 's death .
although of course if the bookies aren't right about that then perhaps hsing should n't be sleeping much either ...
another possibility would be syed khan prime minister of india .
excluding the interstellar entire which india is most definitely not a member of and including her colonies india is the single most populous country on earth or off of it and is either a or the leader in almost any indicator of power your care to name .
while the conventionally liberal-democratic indian political system gives him far less power than his martian counterpart khan has the benefit of governing an fully independent state .
while less controversial than hsing khan also has his enemies .
an uncompromising opponent of humanism the governing ideology of the interstellar which calls for all mankind to be united under its banner and the restriction of 'excessive ' transhumanism his hawkish stance has somewhat soured relations with some other member states of the allied sovereign nations .
although in the turbulence following ducarde 's death might end up vindicating a more confrontational approach it might also isolate khan if he is seen as pushing too far .
the threat to khan 's power is rather prosaic it 's election year .
at the moment the poll numbers for him and his party are good but they could be better and if the international crisis flares up or hits the economy too hard that 's all it would take .
some kids opened a fire hydrant above our school and completely flooded the lower floors
until aliens invade and we 're cheering on judge and stanton to bean those cocksuckers in their domepieces with the highest exit velocity imaginable .
i really dont think it would be higher actually take away the mueller investigation there will still be lie after lie and corruption and congress would still have looked the other way and refuse to do there jobs and hold the president accountable .
take away mueller it would just highlight one of the long list of other things
it is i am just really messed up your good
she will score well again but a girl with a larger catalog and more name recognition will win .
i got my money on emily willis gianna dior or rosalyn sphinx for october .
i mean it 's pretty much the same game just with updated rosters and kits .
gameplay is a lot different especially since 16 was the last game to use ignite engine before it switched to frostbite .
in the out of bounds area include an aircraft carrier i know not historically correct for the brits .
to the west of the map in the out of bounds area include a german airfield only accessible by spawning on an airplane that you have to take off on .
this shit is so funny lol it 's so well made
now i know where all these mumble rappers are getting their looks from .
i set my dvr to record all college football but it only records bullshit games and not the good ones .
i do n't wan na watch goddamn arkansas state later
i do n't think it 's as simple as it being lannisters-evil and starks-good but this downfall of the lannisters and rise of the starks has been something grrm has been setting up from the beggining .
the downfall of the lannisters stems from tywin who 's obsession with his 'family legacy ' causes him to completely misunderstand his children the ones who will actually be carrying on his family after him .
he does n't truly love them and as a result they look for love in all the wrong placeshe wins the battle but loses the war
the contrast in this is ned stark whose honour and compassion leads to the downfall of his family at the end of the first act .
however it 's this same kindness and compassion that will cause the starks to bounce back .
in the books the starks will take back winterfell but it wo n't be as shallow as how the show did it .
the narrative in the books is n't freys and boltons kill the starks then starks return and kick their ass '' .
the set up for the bolton downfall is the north remembers '' .
the nothern clans are ready to fight and die for ned 's girl .
the notherners inside winterfell are plotting against the boltons .
not because of an awesome hero riding into the battle to kill them .
but because starks earned the love and respect of the people .
so yeah i think that the show is making it seem shallower than grrm planned it but i do believe that grrm planned for all the lannisters to do die horribly .
this is going to sound crazy but i think i 've stayed at that airbnb before .
i 'm too lazy to name 5 songs lol .
but hey there delilah perfectly describes my relationship with my girlfriend
i came to my alienware 15 r3 like 2 days ago .
but right after that my laptop lost the bluetooth and 1 more thing i dont know maybe project in the action center on bottom right .
i use windows 's troubleshooting tool but can not detect bluetooth .
it does not show up in device manager either .
i had to enable hidden devices to see and uninstalled deleted driver on system rebooted and installed with the bluetooth driver i got directly from killer networking before i started removing it from device manager .
now i can connect to my bluetooth headset but the sound quality is different louder and not having the good audio feel anymore .
hell at my house it is a 5-day rule .
honestly i cant really see how it can get much smoother than 60hz but im sure if i tried a 144hz monitor itd be a huge difference
god expects us to work towards healing as well .
you can not lay dormant and expect that god is going to do all the work and make your life better .
you need to work in tandem with him to produce ling lasting tangible results .
reading through your profile as a social worker and a christian i would say you need to seek the help of a professional in some capacity .
prayers are powerful but do not think for one second that you can continue living life as you do now and have things change .
i have a friend who watches everything every season .
i would ask for his opinion but in his words everything is ok ''
exactly we all know knetz are brutal and jump at every chance to drag someone down look what they did to the enlistment fiasco and bts were n't even supposed to be the real point then .
there 's different information being spread everywhere and i have no idea what to believe anymore .
so far that 's all i 've played properly if anything stands out i 'll let you know !
so what now just because you are an russian spy does it mean you ca n't have days off and go visit famous spire ?
this is n't feels over fact look at the armor models of all of these ships and ibuki is the second hardest to citadel and is also the easiest to overpen other than neptune .
your response is very much personal bias since your discribing how you feel playing the ships i 'm telling you how they are based on their armor not even starting on the large concealment advantage ibuki also has .
thanks for the explanation i wish they had kept that bit in the anime .
i thought grisha had known the reiss family somehow since he had saved the town from a plague and his named dropped a few times during eren 's training .
mine 's an fj cruiser but a fj40 would be great too .
got some new gear boxes today that i 'm trying to figure out what to do with .
if your expecting people to write 30 different things i think your be disappointed
i love the contrast between chewbacca and the ewok not only in size but in regard to their relationship to the person trying to influence their behavior at that moment .
i 'm pro union and a union member but middle age men ca n't be judging an inch difference on pitches ranging 70 to 104mph .
but it 's only the negative reviews that are bots surely
yes but the chances of it happening yesterday were basically identical to today .
changing behavior based on outcomes rather than probability and research is for example how you lose lots of money in casino .
my point is that if all of a sudden sharks are a big deal today when they were n't yesterday you have n't been paying attention to the sightings and warnings that have been happening all summer .
not from myself but i had many friends growing up who had a poor understanding of sex .
in their late-preteens two of them decided to go 'all the way ' .
they rubbed their butts together and could n't work out what the excitement was all about .
its only a stereotype when its not 100 true though .
really going out on a limb there are n't ya lol
i think the issue is that they do n't take just one pill they take several in the matter of a few hours .
i had not heard of this artist but love the art deco look of the work .
as someone who has known about you guys for years but now consider myself a major fan you guys could play whatever .
this is one of those statements that has so many things wrong with it it 's hard to even know where to begin .
she 's banging someone else and you do n't even enjoy her company so why are you bitching like you 're being forced into friendship ?
it 's not like you 'll suddenly give a shit about those problems if she sleeps with you .
i can give detailed pointers but pls if u dont mind stay away from my comments iirc you had called killing of indian army men by terrorists coming from pakistan as freedom fight .
the only nightmare i have ever had in my life was because of the blair witch project .
the sound of children playing and laughing deep in the woods in the dark is disturbing as fuck .
and sold us land for dirt cheap inspired our constitution and are our allies .
that 's how far i walk to get between classes on an average day .
thats interesting that there are such different reactions to this .
did you buy them from a third party seller on amazon ?
fry up some bacon when done take paper towel and soak out most of the grease then drizzle some syrup into the pan while still hot with the bacon give it a toss to coat thoroughly enjoy tasting god .
the metric system is the tool of the devil !
my car gets forty rods to the hogshead and that 's the way i likes it .
i payed 45 for re2 50 for the rest .
got mario party 4 for the same price a few weeks earlier ive seen them around for cheaper in places but these all are in really good condition cib so i didnt mind dropping a bit more on them .
because i 'm not calling them a nigga or a nigger .
whereas getting offended by someone name-calling you is not .
well you should be able check reddit during break even though you 're busy working .
oh thanks somehow i did not think of taking the media from my other thank i will do that
i agree with your sentiment that large swathes of the country voted to leave .
and given that london is where a third of the gdp of the country comes from it 's understandable why he 's vocalising the wants of his constituents when we seem to be going down a route that will end up with not a very good situation for the uk and london when we do leave .
ultimately all politicians shout about issues their constituents want .
whether or not anything happens it does n't really matter .
all it does is makes them seem better in the eyes of the voters .
excited following your project best of luck to it !
she kind of hyped up her ‘reveal ' when she was asking who ‘wants to see a drunk ? q a ?
i agree with those but also i think fire emblem could use more than just 3 stages to fit all 7 possibly more of its characters 2 of which are generic setpieces that do n't correspond to any specific thing from any of the games .
i really just want to say how kind that is of you and what a truly good friend you are .
to be honest i 'm kinda in the very same position as your friend and although i 've yet to tell my own friends since i am still worried that they might drop me for it it would be a relief if they would feel the way you do .
my team is beyond stacked but i would n't mind trying out shanahan and/or lidstrom if ya got them
but incinerate is played over lightning strike in pauper if a 5th bolt is needed .
hes probably uncircumsized and is sensitive down there most animals finish super fast .
next you 're going to tell me he did not need no education to operate the wall holes with glass .
the finnish army can be destroyed twice and we 'll still have reserves to rebuild it a third time .
we have a very large reservist army when you consider the population .
our armoured force and artillery are also nothing to sneer at .
meanwhile 6 months into ww3 even if no nukes have been used and most other armies have used up all their reserves and it will take months or even a year before they can do anything active .
our biggest limitation is that our navy is not suited for anything offensive and we ca n't move forces across the seas .
... but seeing as 15 minutes after a war starts near finland the baltic sea will be 50 mines this is not a problem if we are merely defending finland .
also our airforce is small so we will wish that our eu allies send support if the front line is anywhere near us .
our biggest problem though is that if eu is in a war where russia is n't involved then we need to rely on others to transport our army there to fight .
yes scenario where russia is n't involved is very unlikely but for the sake of fairness i choose to mention such a thing anyway .
they recorded gameplay with the gun and uploaded it .
i feel your pain i have adopted a build that i call idiot watching i use open handed bond and object of obsession along with self care you can watch chases and see your team and the killer really fun
i have literally played like 12 games trying to win this mission and i just can not do it i have got to 3rd kayne 4k hp and thats the furthest i have gone this is the last mission i need to
the real question is if they have the balls to wait before sinking their teeth into the character .
took quite a long time 5 years roughly and i 'm still not perfect .
i was living in oman and i wanted to understand society better really .
it 's a fascinating language and culture so i suppose curiosity was my motivation .
one of the best by a team whom normally writes books .
will be nominated for sure you heard here first .
me too i 'm totally getting a drone this year and i want the mavic 2
well the last alien movie established an android creating the xenos so the canon 's all kinds of fucked now .
the best place is to reinsert the tooth into the socket until you can get to a dentist .
i was just thinking you would be spitting alot and the chances of losing or swallowing come into play .
putting it back where it came from sounds like a great spot for it .
eh jared goff lost a lot in his first season .
i can appear fine in public but i cry at least 3 or 4 times a day .
we said we would stay friends but he stopped replying to me 3weeks ago
you 've been a good boy henry but you should always ask for consent .
i have a row of 4 icons on an app that i want to click and it will click 1 and 3 but not 2 and 4 so it 's not the app .
my script clicks the 4 icons in the app one at a time with one second delay between each click .
they are all in a row on the same screen .
edit speaking of which i wonder if he has played a lot this season
given that the republicans only have 9 seats up for re-election out of a total of 35 it seems likely that they 'll retain control .
i thought the speed of a hurricane was limited by the rotation of earth .
forrest has been sensational ... easily our best attacking player this season .
but he 's a right winger let him play right wing !
tierney in the best left back on the planet ... let him play left back !
if we could all as one delete our facebook and twitter accounts and promise as a species to never repeat those mistakes .
i guess it depends on your view of weight .
i was overweight for sure at 170 and 5'7 '' .
but i have killer eyes and great legs that i learned how to use to an advantage when i weight a lot less and had fewer streaks of gray .
but objectively he 's better looking by far at our respective ages as often happens .
women have the advantage in their 20s and men do n't .
things flip after 45 i think and we were both at that boundary at the time .
he is one of the few people i know who does n't seem to have any thoughts on a girl 's weight though as i 've also lost weight to 140 and gained back and he never shows a difference in attraction etc .
not only that when they compared any other pc/laptop it always ended with but it 's not a mac . ''
in light novel 10 i think it is hestia gets kidnapped because she ran away from home i think so and then bell gets help from aiz to go save her .
at the end bell tells hestia that he 'll never leave her side ever again not romantically but more as a godess and child friendship promise and hestia says she loves bell in the sense that all gods and godesses love all their children .
i do n't think anything else other than that has happened after .
p.s i have n't read light novel 10 but i think that 's just about right .
most japanese seem too polite to punch these fuckers out .
and you know they do n't want to commit a felony .
people rarely get called out on their shit in real life at all in any country much less punched out .
i was talking about that with some unt folks tonight .
we 're legitimately 2 years removed from the worst lost an fbs has ever had to an fcs .
right now is a good time to be a mean green fan .
yeah the ego does n't even form until 3-5 years of age .
and even after that there is an amnesia at about age 7 or 8 .
someone at my work came in to print out photos from this same convention today ! ! !
i 'd run the train from the winery to krezek and vallaki .
that 's the only established supply route '' i can think of .
you can scale it to your story needs from there .
that also avoids the problem of them skipping a bunch of the 1st act areas of the story by just buying a train ticket .
by the time you get to vallaki you can pretty much just go wherever so having railroad tracks does n't throw off the game balance or pacing .
you might consider increasing the distance from those locations though .
that would let you throw in a desert force them to use your new train at the cost of not letting you use the existing maps which is fine i think .
the thing is the xr is thicker and heavier than the 6 plus so it 's a really hard decision for myself as well .
ma ci servono più giovani oggi e per i prossimi anni viceversa la crisi economica che abbiamo avuto negli ultimi 20 anni non solo non si risolverà anzi ... peggiorerà nei prossimi 30 anni
your wish is my command all you had to do was ask 😘👅👅
that 's the age you teach them if you do that as an adult you could get charged with a crime now go apologize to that girl and never touch her without her consent again .
this is one of the best lessons my addiction has thought me to understand friendships better .
so many people turned their back on me instead of offering support .
i was n't the angry kind of a drunk but rather the depressive one .
an old world build i made a long time ago had an expy of chris redfield from resident evil in it .
i 've recently rediscovered that build and realized it was total shit so i 'm reworking it .
☑ made it his personal mission ☑ made it his personal mission
☑ one of few survivors ☑ one of few survivors
no snakes are super shiny in general and even if the snake has soaked you should not pull off the shed .
the snake may have soaked but this still is n't a safe practice regardless .
it will come off on its own most of the time but the only way to safely help it along is by letting the snake use you to rub against .
it can be very painful for the snake if the shed is n't 100 ready or if it catches .
i started going in slc then moved to phoenix .
luckily i had loving family that knew the importance of doing the treatment .
i lived with my father in-law until i was able to get back on my feet .
i am so grateful for his love for his daughter and willing to put up with me being there .
he 's gon na swear at yellow car guy his buddy ... .and you in a later date .
my boy scout scoutmaster told us we should n't share candy bars since it will spread aids .
but who the hell shares a candy bar to begin with .
so has brady https www.pro-football-reference.com/players/b/bradto00/gamelog rivers https www.pro-football-reference.com/players/r/riveph00/gamelog brees https www.pro-football-reference.com/players/b/breedr00/gamelog ryan https www.pro-football-reference.com/players/r/ryanma00/gamelog ... should i go on ?
you better watch out or you 're gon na find tombstone spinning its way through your front door .
i do n't think you 've said it enough yet .
the ones that choose not to learn the language openly mock america and are proud of being ignorant of any/all american customs while getting us benefits .
someone who makes sweeping generalizations about groups of people is n't going to be capable of tolerance for people who choose to live life differently .
it 's in line with the meta nature of this season for sure .
bleh i do n't necessarily see the real purpose of this article other than some dude ranting .
trudeau is n't doing a good job for canadians he is attempting to serve the rich .
trudeau is bad trump is bad either one being bad does n't make the other good
trudeau is a rich white guy that profits from genocide he is n't worth defending no matter how awful trump is
i live in an home with more than one family and i get why it grinds your gears sometimes .
this said it gives a lot to both my family and those around us so please try to remember the good stuff .
on the financial side i would buffer up and then save retirement afterwards .
maybe invest in your own skills with extra courses if you can increase your earning potential .
the gap was just the typesetter being busy with irl junk
i think waka 's comment you quoted is kind of just dry humor .
obviously being a professional artist is going to come with a lot of stress .
be wary the sizing runs big compared to other adidas i 'm take a full size down in copas compared to adidas sneakers .
can you even start to imagine what it would be like to live forever ?
even just a few hundred thousand years i imagine would be enough to drive a person mad .
but for arguments sake suppose humans literally lived forever no heat death just an eternal universe spinning away .
once you 've done all the things had all the experiences what 's left ?
either that or you 'd need to wipe your memories .
3rds fifths octaves etc came more when i learned guitar .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has been posted recently here https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/comments/9dqaev/hmmm by another user .
note users may not delete and resubmit images without a good reason .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
any an all leftovers just wrapped in a puff pastry .
last year i did a lot with the pre-cooked carnitas cowboy caviar and the frozen grilled peppers and onions .
i also did some with mashed potatoes pot roast and carrots .
when i was feeling sweet i did lemon curd and raspberry jam .
this year i 'm going full squash so i want to play around with that a bit—maybe mashed acorn squash with goat cheese .
i 've yet to find lay around with that tho .
every state is just as dumb sunshine laws make records and mug shots readily accessible .
florida was just old people jokes until the bush/gore fiasco then it became dumb and crazy jokes .
also just check sepia south eastern pennsylvania intergroup association .
wilmington isnt far if you 're driving we are ndiaa.org friday greenhill beginners is good .
then there is a good big book meeting at westminister in wilmington .
ricky d. and some other philly dudes do a tuesday big book meeting that 's pretty lively .
derrrrppp sorry about that let 's go with the brutal indictment because i completely misread the tweet when first looking at it .
i looked up the context the previous tweet talking about the gofundme and it actually seems like a fairly reasonable tweet .
i had a similar issue the other day selling a broken laptop that i very clearly listed as broken and under for parts or not working '' and i fought him on it and won .
i did n't expect to win but i 'd damn sure rather fight and lose then let shitty bastards bully me and just give up .
keep your conversation professional in the event ebay decides to review it and do n't get pulled into an insult match .
i 've heard it described as a card that demands a response ''
the south rankings as of now are probably cu asu/utah utah/asu usc ucla oregon st arizona .
but musha 's blade blockade counters the mindless katana flailing most orochi players depend on .
honestly i 'd be fine with anyone at this point winning .
they all played very different games and are all very different people .
i do n't think i 'd hate anyone as winner more than another .
but as much as i was n't rooting for it now i kind of want angela to win to see the melt down everyone would have .
i agree with you on the last round tbh .
i do n't think it makes sense that canelo won that round on both of the 115-113 cards but even in spite of that i do n't think you can say canelo loss or bust ! ''
too many swing rounds for that and the decisive rounds were too evenly split .
i think both guys have a good argument for winning but the twelth being the difference between a w and a d is what has me feeling the win is still a bit tainted .
somehow compubox saw the 12th in favor of canelo though so what do i know .
if it 's any consolation i really like what you have so far !
am verificat și ai dreptate m-am grăbit cu anul .
vorbim de două lucruri diferite eu zic că ei distrug aspectul autentic de parc englezesc .
dar probabil gărdulețul e din perioada interbelică și în proporție de 80 sunt sigur că or să pună un gunoi în locul lui .
pentru că în ultimii 2 ani de când e țoapă la primărie mare parte din lucrările de renovare '' au fost făcute pe partea parcului unde biroul ei are vedere dar din păcate sunt făcute extrem de prost .
un prim exemplu ar fi garduletu cu lanț care delimitează zonele verzi de alei pe partea spre primărie stalpisorii de la gărduleț sunt negri cu capul auriu iar lanțul cred că doar în vreo 3 locuri are aspectul de inox .
în restul parcului stalpisorii sunt ruginiți rupți sau au dispărut cu totul .
just that ... . no why would i do that '' .
damn so netero must be old as shit if killua 's grandfather remembers him being old when he was a child .
that shit annoys me so much damn trolls ugg .
anyway welcome sorry about the trolls but i do like your response well played
anybody can tell me if this is harder to platinum than horizon zero dawn ?
that was my first platinum game only because it was pretty straight forward .
if i were in that rescue and a foster purposely avoided handing a dog over i 'd be pulling all fosters from their care and pulling that foster from the group .
it 's absolutely unacceptable for people to throw a tantrum because they did n't get their way and that dog is not their property .
trailing 24-hour volume is down over 50 market-wide since the 14th .
that 's why i 'm not buying this low-volume pump if you can even call it that ?
if the big boys wake up tomorrow morning and start spamming the buy button i might reconsider .
would n't it just be easier to bash their heads in
any sort of aoe evocation spell would be highly regulated .
the local guards will be highly motivated to prevent people from dropping fireballs into a large crowd .
a wand of fireballs would be as regulated as grenade launchers are in europe .
every city will have some means of dealing with rogue high level mages .
either spellcasters with counterspell and dispel magic or even a couple wizards who can whip out an antimagic field .
big names accepting btc wo n't really start a bull run .
you expecting all those btc holders and new folks to start acquiring btc just to shop using it ?
the world is going down the toilet at the moment economies everywhere are looking bad .
i think some sort of major banking crisis or failure of one of the primary fiat currencies or a mix of that and government confiscation would trigger the next bull .
oh this post said long i 've just become so use to associating tesla with puts .
as for the tariffs i 'm not sure i just wo n't personally long this stock they just burn money .
i do n't know the quality of the paste of that particular cooler but tbh if the paste is n't especially crap the difference between it and good paste is 2-3°c at the most so there 's little reason to actually get rid of it
a lie is still a lie and generally unethical .
theres theft and fraud and bad things connected to lies .
going to my first game since 2016 against the colts .
ca n't be any worse than that one was .
a daily meeting sounds awful and could very easily descend into micromanaging .
let me just go pick out a new better job off a job tree !
i thought this was a screenshot from horizon zero dawn .
hiv is actually very manageable today and with medicine and consistent dosage the virus can be virtually undetectable in the person 's blood .
my friend is an infectious disease doctor and treats a lot of hiv patients and they 're just like you and me .
so yeah as long as the person is consistent in taking their medicine it would be fine .
you 're right about a b and d. there is no correct answer .
sorry about my spaghetti code i used this tutorial https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=miuhrp2o7jw which is a bit confusing and he had the same result .
if you pile up organic material it will decompose at some point !
keep the nasties out and add additional compost if all else fails .
i need a dogs of war shirt that i 'd never wear in public
week 1 experience packed into day1 week 2 packed into day2 .
old yeller was the best most loyal dog there ever was !
careful what you wish for trading stone could fix that problem .
dean ambrose looks like he wants a piece of this pie . ''
my hg browbone highlight is the shade bella white so as soon as i heard they were pulled from stores i immediately went to ebay and bought a backup .
i think it 's the only shadow i 'll ever completely finish
i did notice that when i did that it was n't in stock on milani 's website but it came back later which is weird .
i emailed them asking if they were being discontinued and did n't get a response and i 've contacted them before and always gotten a response
you guys do know that they sell 500 phones too right ?
i originally lost 40 lbs in about 6 months via exercise and dieting .
then around april of this year i started gaining again and kicked my ass back into gear ... . not sure what my next goal is right now but i 've just been running a few times a week and eating well with intermittent fasting .
never thought i 'd root for the cowboys but my dudes got obj r penny and the giants kicker and i 'm up by 30 with j how left .
i 'm not saying hes a good representative but he seems to be doing a good job on the senate intelligence committee and may be pressurable by the public to do the right thing .
happy to know i 'm not the only person that felt sad at the ending
he 's a fucking fascist wtf is wrong with this sub ?
i have n't had a math class in 10 years ...
yes tomorrow still does n't show up on any of my channels though
what i do n't see is where the first one goes/how it makes it 's way over to dude 2 's hand .
as much as i love hating on tsm i really do hope zven and mithy make it back to eu .
i do n't follow eu much but they probably deserve better .
you ca n't call people nazis just because they belong to the nazi party !
i do n't feel as secure when squatting in some socks but that 's also highly dependent upon the socks and the floor .
if you pull sumo i 'd highly suggest some shoes such as wrestling shoes which you can also get for pretty cheap .
def would n't go back to squatting in anything like tennis/running shoes .
unlike other people i still feel chucks have too much give in the sole .
for context i 'm a smaller guy so i do n't squat super heavy under 400lbs although respectable for my weight class sub 132/123 .
i just finished the game and i do n't know what to do with the rest of my week .
those two cut scenes at the end were perfection .
i did find some missions to be a bit repetitive in combat and bosses a bit easy except for doc ock and electro/vulture .
that said i ca n't freaking wait for the dlc .
time to get the extra 5 to get the 100
everything about this game felt very very very spider-man .
insomniac did a wonderful job building up the story line for the sequel
it 's come a long way i can defintiely agree that it used to feel quite clunky .
as for the maps that 's just not true it has several ports of cs maps and a few dozen other maps that are very well made .
also new game modes have been added recently including gun game ttt jailbreak and zombies .
most gunfights in the game are long range making it pretty situational
rewatch the play where he zeros in on a single te and doesnt even look to the wide open one and instead dumps it off to marshawn with 5 defenders on him and tackled immediately .
completions/yards dont mean anything if you cant score touchdowns .
we lost because carr isnt good enough to mask a middle of the road defense .
you 're kinda just being a dick for no reason .
you went out of your way to type that decided it was appropriate to share such negativity and you know it is and shared it anyway .
if you do n't have something nice to say do n't say anything at all .
i hate to be critical but i hope this comes across as some sort of lesson .
if not well damn i hope someone is able to get across to you at some point in your life .
i 'm gon na go read a book it 's night time in the good old usa .
you do n't even need to eat healthy you just need to eat less .
you can literally lose weight eating snickers bars as long as the total number of calories going into your body is less than the number required to maintain your current weight .
nah as long as they have payment plans millennials and generation z can afford pretty much anything .
oh only 50 a month for this iphone for the next 5 years ?
renee looks like dean wants a piece of this pie ''
dean would be like well at least it 's not incest '' and sam would sigh and be grateful i 'm not pulling a becky .
what is the average amount of times you die per session ?
by the next night they had eaten all the provisions the genie had brought and the next day aladdin who could not bear the thought of hunger putting one of the silver dishes under his vest went out early to sell it and addressing himself to a jew whom he met in the streets took him aside and pulling out the plate asked him if he would buy it .
the cunning jew took the dish examined it and as soon as he found that it was good silver asked aladdin at how much he valued it .
aladdin who knew not its value and never had been used to such traffic told him he would trust to his judgment and his honour .
the jew was somewhat confounded at this plain dealing and doubting whether aladdin understood the material or the full value of what he offered to sell took a piece of gold out of his purse and gave it to him though it was but the sixtieth part of the worth of the plate .
aladdin taking the money very eagerly retired with so much haste that the jew not content with the exorbitancy of his profit was vexed he had not penetrated into his ignorance and was going to run after him to endeavour to get some change out of the piece of gold but the lad ran so fast and had got so far that it would have been impossible for him to overtake him .
as soon as aladdin found that their provisions were expended he took one of the dishes and went to look for his jew again but passing by the shop of a goldsmith who had a character of a very fair and honest man the goldsmith perceiving him called to him and said my lad i have often observed you go by loaded as you are at present and talk with such a jew and then come back again empty-handed .
i imagine that you carry something which you sell to him but perhaps you do not know that he is the greatest rogue even among the jews and that nobody of prudence will have anything to do with him .
if you will shew me what you now carry and it is to be sold i will give you the full worth of it or i will direct you to other merchants who will not cheat you . ''
the hopes of getting more money for his plate induced aladdin to pull it from under his vest and shew it to the goldsmith who at first sight saw that it was made of the finest silver and asked him if he had sold such as that to the jew when aladdin told him that he had sold him twelve such for a piece of gold each .
cried the goldsmith but '' added he my son what is past can not be recalled .
by shewing you the value of this plate which is of the finest silver we use in our shops i will let you see how much the jew has cheated you . ''
the source for the above is the arabian nights '' pdf https cdn.loc.gov/service/rbc/rbc0001/2003/2003juv28132/2003juv28132.pdf p. 157 .
note the setting – aladdin lives in abject poverty as a rascal while his mother subsists by spinning cotton they are completely neglected and ignored by the rigid arabian society that has no social mobility and respects material wealth more than anything .
when aladdin suddenly acquires material wealth jew is the only person who will pay any attention to him and tries to exploit him in an utterly predatory fashion .
it 's only after aladdin has taken a dozen silver dishes to the jew that an arab goldsmith notices him and offers him a fair deal decrying the jew 's nature .
jews regularly consigned themselves to interacting with undesirables for the purposes of exploitation to the point the native society starts hating them for it but none of it would be possible without a grave social injustice .
aladdin knew what he was doing when he approached the jew – trying to sell a silver dish to an arab in the first place would probably cause him to be labeled a thief and get his hand chopped off .
the recent hollywood metoo scandal revealed the exact same template at work – jews are shunned to an industry without barriers to entry and exploit those trying to rise up from abject poverty who do n't realize the wealth they have in this case aspiring actresses that have to offer sexual services for a chance at acting .
as long as there are jews and stark social inequality societies will blame the former for revealing the latter .
important note if this is an accidental injury i.e. not a medical issue you 're covered by acc new zealand 's accident injury cover so do n't stress about getting proper medical treatment sooner rather than later it 's not going to fuck you up financially .
your submission was automatically removed because allirae.club is not an approved site .
if you feel the website you are trying to link to is trust worthy please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fecchi .
note that this is a work-in-progress domains may be added and removed as needed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ecchi if you have any questions or concerns .
would also recommend taking a look at rememberthemilk really powerful and easy to use .
68 tds 44 ints 11 fumbles around 1.1 or 1.2 ratio
44 avg amount of 20 yard throws a season .
sorry some of the stats are a bit specific but i 'm trying to show that on average winston is worse in just about every category .
other concerning stats about winston 20 yard pass plays went from 57 his rookie season to 43 his sophomore and 32 in 2017 a clear sign of regression .
i only eat straight sushi and sashimi just had osaka for the first time last night and it was very good
those crossing routes turned into posts so it got him confused but he rose to the challenge
oh hey turns out yuri is the goddess of thunder .
yeah but the nice thing is that you ca n't straddle a car and walk '' it under a tiny amount of power so it is hard to feel when the clutch engages on a car .
on a motorcycle because the clutch is a hand lever you can really feel when it happens .
i think motorcycles usually have a greater clutch travel distance too .
it seems like newer cars are very touchy on the clutch pedals .
but yeah it is a lot like manual on a car .
yeah but how do we turn those turnovers into points ? ?
at first i was like whoa what kind of bong is that .
i did n't know whose to comment on do i just kept going with the thread .
it is being provided to help potential trade partners have more immediate background information about with whom they are swapping .
ignorance of the rules https www.reddit.com/r/funkoswap/wiki/rules is not an excuse .
posts that break the rules https www.reddit.com/r/funkoswap/wiki/rules will be removed .
where do you luve that people name their kids adolf still ?
you really want some weirdo responsible for his wife 's death to be speaking for you ?
on my phone the difference is literally just the amber night light mode you use in the dark .
it 's close but i 'm going to say it 's actually that neon/hot purple irl .
castles of burgundy is like a harder but better-designed settlers of catan .
it 's super solid even at just 2 players .
granted the aesthetics are n't flashy and it seems daunting to learn at first but it 's a blast .
some of my other favorites along these lines competitive settlement development would be agricola and terraforming mars .
these two have consumed many hours in my groups .
finally some of my other favorites but different game styles are santorini awesome 2 or 3 player chesslike game with beautiful aesthetics istanbul very strategic unique worker management codenames very fun word-based party game literally everyone loves it
that 's fucking nuts although you did nothing wrong so who ever wants to talk to you about it should of just got your side of the story .
apart from that fuck anyone who 's gona assume you 're anything
what 's not to like about leaders who can be summarized as two teenagers screaming
of coarse they 're going to respond with negatives .
both 870 police magnum shotguns by remington 18.5 '' barrels .
i gave my 870 express with wood furniture 18.5 '' barrel to my brother in law and i was missing a shotgun .
it never showed up and i followed up with the store ... guy who took my order was no longer employed there .
then a few years later picked up a blued one and put a 2 extension on it .
the bluing on the extension does n't really match but oh well .
i was thinking to put an s j hardware barrel clamp and bayonet lug on the blued 870 and buy another m7 bayonet from ontario knife co like i have on my 590a1 .
can only ask once per day get a lump amount of troops gold instead of having it throughout the day
it looks like there 's a titan on the other side of the door
on a serious note telling people to keep paying for a product because it 'll be worth their money eventually '' because of the grand scheme '' is n't a very good way to inspire people to keep paying a monthly subscription for your products .
if it 's going to be fun in 6 months call me in 6 months .
i 'm not shelling out 90 in the interim because somebody needed to put bfa on their 3rd quarter income as opposed to actually finishing their game .
if you want a better one i can take your bra off for you .
i 'm sorry but i think you 're mistaken. .burnt chrysler the man we are talking about might be the fattest and most racist comic in the business right now .
he has a new special on netflix you should watch .
you 're provided with initial power in the form of windmills iirc
and you would have to look online to find your mmr after every game if you wanted to change it .
that inner demon was a comic relief almost 80 clans are connected to ashura senju is the major one .
even during our not so good years the team always came out prepared and ready to play .
no disrespect to tomlin tho i love him too it just might be time for a change .
but i did read and understood the context of it .
you do n't realize that your language does n't agree with your implication .
i did read the part where you suggest powering up a perfect mewtwo obtained from mewtwo month .
to which someone suggested that alternatives exist and mewtwo would require upgrade moves to remain superior .
you change the course of discussion by implying mewtwo is the only viable machamp counter .
then you get a response suggesting otherwise which was valid .
which also explains why you do n't realise it .
people do n't have to bother to get inside of your head to make sense of what you 're trying to say when you say something else and not realise it .
a new challenger approaches.. for sc vi special edition.. or sc vii soul tag tournament .
i would say your power level seems to exceed 9,000 .
and as far as i know anyone who can get plastic surgery money from complete strangers in america will just keep doing that instead of working the street .
i 'd rather have my child die than have it be cured by evil itself .
he 'll probably only provide the service if you upload your soul to facebook
you can sell the account to different advertisement companies the price will be higher the more karma it has .
because to me that is n't at all what he was saying .
ethan obviously does n't owe an apology for every bad video/podcast .
some videos are just hit or miss sometimes it happens .
also comparing ethan to a hollywood director is a bit of a stretch especially since hollywood directors are n't as directly connected to their fan base like ethan and hila are .
what happened here is that ethan and hila seemingly only recognized this backlash as they are mad we uploaded an ad after 3 months of no videos '' and nothing else .
no one expects them to apologize for doing poorly on an interview or making a video that falls flat .
but when they blatantly ignore key points in this recent community backlash i think people are justified to be a little annoyed .
all in all i agree with u/cardboardtable that this apology felt a little disingenuous and more like a re-post of past damage control .
this is the same shit that happened with d1 .
decent base game crap dlc1 crap dlc2 good 3rd dlc .
if you really forgive them for all the shit they pulled and support or think this is a good game .
only an idiot which all destiny fans are would support them after they pulled the same shit twice .
my ccw would be your base looks a tad yellow compared to your neck/chest .
i think i 've had the torn frenulum twice .
first time is scared the shit out of me until i called my uncle who is a surgeon to ask him about it .
i did n't have a car at the time and was too scared to tell my mother about it .
after some invasive probing i was told to masturbate more use lube and take an antibiotic because my prostate 'felt slightly inflamed ' .
after it happened again i called my other uncle also a doctor and got laughed at for several minutes because this was a problem my first uncle had quite often when he was my age at the time .
dicks can be a real headache to deal with .
looking for some1 with amakusa shiroue using the whiterose mlb ce to help me with the hassan fight 3
they could just say card machine out of order cash only '' or cash is broken card only '' if it really was a temporary fault .
in canada walmart 's oh hey they own asda and loblaws ' machines are all card only but that 's by design since they do n't have cash receptacles .
they did it in bo3 aswell it just there to load the game without it it 'll just be a black screen
so you 're a noob in australia who 's probably never seen a gunshot wound .
you 're also not even allowed to carry a gun .
throw another shrimp on the barbie or whatever you do down there .
1 can somebody explain to me how the mossberg shockwave is n't a dd ?
the term shotgun means a weapon designed or redesigned made or remade and intended to be fired from the shoulder and designed or redesigned and made or remade to use the energy of the explosive in a fixed shotgun shell to fire through a smooth bore either a number of projectiles ball shot or a single projectile for each pull of the trigger and shall include any such weapon which may be readily restored to fire a fixed shotgun shell .
the term destructive device means 1 any explosive incendiary or poison gas a bomb b grenade c rocket having a propellent charge of more than four ounces d missile having an explosive or incendiary charge of more than one-quarter ounce e mine or f similar device 2 any type of weapon by whatever name known which will or which may be readily converted to expel a projectile by the action of an explosive or other propellant the barrel or barrels of which have a bore of more than one-half inch in diameter except a shotgun or shotgun shell which the secretary finds is generally recognized as particularly suitable for sporting purposes and 3 any combination of parts either designed or intended for use in converting any device into a destructive device as defined in subparagraphs 1 and 2 and from which a destructive device may be readily assembled .
the term destructive device shall not include any device which is neither designed nor redesigned for use as a weapon any device although originally designed for use as a weapon which is redesigned for use as a signaling pyrotechnic line throwing safety or similar device surplus ordnance sold loaned or given by the secretary of the army pursuant to the provisions of section 4684 2 4685 or 4686 of title 10 of the united states code or any other device which the secretary finds is not likely to be used as a weapon or is an antique or is a rifle which the owner intends to use solely for sporting purposes .
it has a bore of more than one-half inch in diameter .
it 's not a shotgun because it 's not made to be fired from the shoulder nor is it a shotgun shell nor a signaling device nor an antique nor a rifle .
the only option seems to be that the secretary found it is not likely to be used as a weapon which seems baffling given that it 's marketed explicitly for that purpose .
... or is a rifle which the owner intends to use solely for sporting purposes
this is different than what it says about shotguns .
with a shotgun the secretary must find that it is generally recognized as particularly suitable for sporting purposes .
but with rifles it 's only the intent of the owner that matters .
can i like build a ptrd-41 clone without a form 1 as long as i hunt deer with it or something ?
not that i 'm stupid enough to try it but i 'm curious .
also i broke the firing pin retaining pin on my cz 75 today .
if everyone just took everything on the chin and walked away nothing would change .
i think the voice control will be more intuitive and program selection will be easier .
i expect communication control inputting systems will progress past what is now in use .
whatever entertainment delivery system is being used i expect the ability to find content will focus on an information exchange rather than simple commands to do this or do that .
0.119.1 fixed it for me but there 's a huge delay between taking a shot and picture appearing in your gallery .
lots of cities in belgium did too it was really fun .
i love burst rifles and this is the king of them .
the 3 alternate fire modes are very cool though i mod for the burst fire mode .
it is powerful yes but i just love the look the sound effects .
no real utility unless you spec hybrid stat/crit i guess .
a vpn might sort you out for passing the ol ' is this ip in the uk '' test ?
i find it hard to believe that ronan who i think was 4 when it happened really had any idea of what was happening .
moses was 15 at the time and he painted such a vivid portrait of being a child of mia 's and of that day .
i feel bad because as a woman i feel like i should support dylan but like you said it 's not so black and white .
children are so impressionable and it 's not a stretch to get a child to believe something .
no one really knows what happened because everyone is telling a version of their 'truth ' but i 'm just so sceptical of the whole thing .
another b-r welp would have smashed them for good at least this way they can go out blaming the meta
because you need a team to really have a good tank persay but a skilled person could manage to do it alone just nicer with a team .
but the classes are good alone usually and a good team just adds more protection .
i both love and hate elite classes for that reason .
and the same goes for vehicles but they are n't that different considering they both are used to get an edge on your opponent .
and both in the hands of a skilled player are deviating .
krg has the bravo available for 1500 short actions as well .
tweet and choose the choices below as it 's a quiz type campaign like global has every so often .
this is for japan since you have to watch a video in japanese and do a quiz and tweet https www.reddit.com/r/dbzdokkanbattle/comments/9ghhey/twitter_campaign_up/e648vxz
plus global has it 's facebook campaign and will probably do something similar .
honey you are adorable and you just need to put yourself out there .
it can be scary at first but it will be worth it
as of right now rap devil has been listened to more than killshot .
if we 're talking about people 's honest opinions who actually heard one or both tracks mgks is the more exposed track rn .
unless people are voting without hearing the songs which some might .
but not near enough to make up for the massive gap in polls .
sounds like it is time to just buy some new sheets my dude
the comment above by ckpe '' is very much the best analysis here and seems unbiased most objective .
i also feel uneasy reading your profile ... it seems like you may be accustomed to a lot of dysfunction drama .
the vibe is just awkward does n't make me feel attracted to your personality .
i was looking at doing an r to nr on a vector a while ago .
pretty sure it 's in gunsmith territory to swap everything properly .
might as well buy a new one for the cost .
you 're able to turn invisible when no one is looking at you .
i would say tier for tier and considering tier 9 gets so good mm 430 has better armor than 430u .
only thing that really matter in tier 10 meta is if the upper plate is autobounce angle .
and while 430u turret is super good frontally good luck against in tier 10 against tanks like super conq when trying to playing hull down with 5 degrees of gun depression .
fucking hilux can be turned on after being thrown into the english channel and you think this itty bitty shitty would do shit ?
i 'd do just as you suggest dont change the past but move forward with the rules in the future .
i always have my players read me the text of any new spells assuming they have no idea what it really does .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
also i am still not sure if these are the routers that are infected or the whole isp ?
btw i have bsnl teracomm router what about u ?
how do you deal with the insane input lag ?
when i used my projector in collage the input lag was pretty unbearable for people not used to it .
ok i see the little caveman decided to stay ignorant when presented with facts .
it 's ok though i guess it 's hard for cavemen to learn proper english .
once you do learn to stop being ignorant i 'll throw a bone down your cave as a reward .
also another thing english does n't change as you get older .
you may not be as good with english when you are younger but it all stays the same for the most part .
the shockwaves are from the impact speed not the tumbling .
those shockwaves are present in rounds that do n't tumble .
even still the shockwaves are called cavitations which rapidly retract .
uecker hit his only career grandslam as an atlanta brave in 1967 .
he knocked in felipe alou mack jones and denis menke .
denis menke got on base by singling home hank aaron .
he also had a double and another rbi that game .
looked like a blister or something bothering him on his finger
so you are saying that the quality of the code does n't matter and you should brown nose like some kinda stuffed shirt in a cubicle to get your patches accepted ?
this is the first time in cup history that 3 drivers have scored 3 back to back to back victories in a single season .
up to now 2 drivers had done 3 peats but never 3 drivers in a single season .
i watched gruden shit the bed for 30 straight minutes today and for another 30 minutes last week .
last week they lost to the super bowl favorites so that 's one thing but getting schooled by an undrafted free agent vance joseph and keenum for the whole second half says all i need to hear .
cutting two players in the top five in their position is pretty valid criticism though too .
i was going to pass it by but i 'll up vote it now that you said that
they all have different grooming standards where they allow it or nothing at all .
air canada just recently allowed their pilots to grow/wear beards .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i read it as 4.5 on my first readthrough and do n't regret it .
as far as i can tell automod deleted and flaired this post all by itself .
i 've approved this post again but removed all the comments complaining about the auto-removal because they broke rule 1 .
as long as i could sabotage that damn jonny pesto and have a level where i build gingerbread houses !
i 've always sort of headcanoned a thought that some time after the rook 's abduction the resistance found them killed papa jo and saved them .
it would be hard with crude wheels/tires no suspension belts instead of chains but i think in time i could carve out a pretty high living by selling the fastest form of personal transportation besides the horse .
there are mods released on moddb for fc2 called infamous fusion and another mod realmod 1.3 .
from what i can recalls infamous fusion use realmod as base mod .
they both claims that they improved ai in-game.i posted the link in between the paragraph in case you want to check up on it late .
from what i read here on infamous fusion they put improve ai on upcoming update but it 've been 2 years now .
so i am a bit skeptical if they includes improved ai yet .
but from realmod 1.3 it mentioned ai fight harder talk shorter and use more variety of weapons .
but i warned you first that you should at least grasped the basics before trying the mod out because both mods made combat harder due to the damages changes to the weapons other than ai .
but the suspension and the transmission and the starter and all the other bits have 180,000 miles on them too .
even though you 're loving the sex she 's got her claws in you .
you do n't know how many racist family members she has .
i miss spoke about getting killed for dating a white woman .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
it 's figured out how to copy and paste ... what do we do ... ?
that 's actually pretty close to what we have 3-4 nurses and a medic on a well staffed day but more doctors generally er doc a trauma surgeon/their pa and an anesthesiologist or two screaming orders at us peons and surrounding the patient so that we ca n't actually get to them to do any of the things they 're yelling about .
and of course the requisite house sup chaplain ct and x ray or staff and anyone who just decides to walk by and spectate outside the room .
it just kills the defensive sport of the opposing team .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
thing my eu spider-man and gow are white some legal blurb on the left side .
i feel like a hospital x-ray tech does more heavy lifting than us just by virtue of having to shove that film behind every patient during portables but i still wind up helping to reposition and transport patients multiple times a night .
respiratory probably covers the most ground every night depending on your hospital .
i walk between 3 and 8 miles per shift on the overnights but i see xray on their feet a lot too and they 've got ta shove that 500 pound monstrosity of a portable xray machine with them .
there are career paths in respiratory that are less physically demanding such as sleep lab and pulmonary function testing but there 's no getting around the hospital work required for clinicals in school .
there just are n't many direct patient care jobs in the hospital setting that are n't physically demanding .
has she thought about looking into lab or pharmacy ?
those guys have their own set of problems but at least at our hospital they work shorter hours and are n't dragged into helping to move patients very often .
i went into this wanting both teams to look like shit and they do .
and somehow it still was n't fun to watch .
and why would a new humanity that emerges after the collapse of civilization have any reason to do differently than the previous one did ?
evidence that our actions are destroying the planet has no impact on our current civilization so i see no reason why succeeding civilizations would n't also choose the most self-destructive path of short-term gains .
why do n't you just click application in the eso folder with steam closed ?
crohn 's is a pain in the rear metaphorically and literally .
i 'm going on three years with it no hospitals stays yet except for at diagnosis .
i realize i 'm one of the lucky ones ...
wishing all the best to you and your wife may there be many hospital and worry free days ahead !
and trump has been quite clear what his feelings on them are .
you really think showing the president a 75.8 white ancestry test is going to change his opinion ?
i guess i just feel like these specious things you 're saying are fig leaves .
i have one of those silicone ones that i wear for travel/workout/weather reasons it 's super comfortable i like the feel of wearing it rather than just not wearing a band .
i wear the metal one when i 'm not in casual clothes .
rule two all content must be about nintendo either news from the original source or opinion about nintendo games systems and products .
content created primarily to entertain including but not limited to fan art music covers or remixes jokes and memes would be more appropriate for r/casualnintendo or a franchise subreddit .
please read other subreddits ' rules before submitting there .
you can read all of our rules on our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/nintendo/w/about/rules .
please feel free to message us https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnintendo subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/nintendo/comments/9ggjzj .
0d 0dmy issue is ... if you think we 've made a mistake .
it was only a matter of time before the ocean reclaimed the land .
the people that built the homes on the left are playing a long game but they 're gon na lose eventually too .
i do n't know if i can take down a bandit with a hedgehog but she can hiss menacingly for about 3 seconds .
i had the wood and paper already laying around so the only expense was dice coins bottles felt and photopaper .
i 'm not 100 sure if it 's fully open or not as i was in the previous beta and could keep playing in this one .
i do n't even remember where i got my key from now .
can you install the game or does it ask you to pre-ordered ?
my max expense is premium plus deductible so 12,370 .
i 'm thinking i 'll give it up if/when it hits 600 per month .
every person i know irl like him is exactly what you described lol
the 4 inch is plenty and turns my tent into an empty juice box shape at full blast .
i do n't have much experience with qb but you have more sq ft for heat to dissipate and your qb should run cooler so i think a 4 inch with carbon filter will do you plenty .
i absolutely love everything that i 've seen from barkley so far but we should have never passed on a qb at 2
me and a buddy were smoking bowl after bowl outta my bong once and after about an hour i was just dieing and wondering why when i noticed we 'd been hitting it dry
the giants have a smattering of superstar talents and lots of dropoff behind them all .
i actually had high hopes for this match since strowman and reigns have good chemistry..
but that was just lackluster all the way around .
even dolph and seth 's spot was just meh since seth and dean did the exact same thing in their cell match .
i ca n't believe that was the main event .
ive found thunder to be pretty good the hardest part ive found is generating maelstrom fast enough to get consistent burst windows .
i also thought it was funny that every movie seemed to be allowed a single sear word and it was always hell said somewhere near the end of the movie .
one plant you could get a nice cree 100 watt cob for a little over 100 .
if you 're on a budget you could get a 300 watt led for probably 50 .
i remember when the verge was brand new on the scene after joshua topolsky and a few others left engadget to create their own site .
it was pretty great back then but they 've really lost their focus over the years as they 've branched out of the tech field to gain a broader audience .
are you saying that my old high school buddy was wrong about pot not being adictive ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
well ... it would n't surprise me ... guy was a pothead .
here 's a file made by jcb back in 1987 .
seeing the people who got baited into thinking it was the real freesia was funny
i believe a detailed instruction will be coming out soon from the team !
the only shoulder on the park high enough for psd to cry on
daca au sanje-n p ! a sa oblige toate scolile din centru sa conditioneze accesul elevilor cu uzul de autobuze dedicate in sensul ca daca nu ajungi la scoala cu autobuzul nu intri !
sa decaleze orarele sa inceapa de la 7,8,9 si am rezolvat 20 din ambuteajele de dimineata ...
oricum toate masurile is frectie la picior de lemn pana nu desfinteaza parcarile de la bordura inclusive pe strazile mici gen dima etc .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20 2fu 2fmmjishi message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/9gi9p5 20by 20 2fu 2fmmjishi. .
im sorry but alot of money idk what living conditions ur in but 8 is not alot of money maybe when i was 3 years old but conpared to how much rape shipping is i think you can spend 8 on a game
i fucked up and gave my lv.80 10/10/10 medea the damage mlb ce .
after nuking the first hassan with rule breaker and being saved by the ce guts i decided to roll with it having iris fully skilled and a support tamamo .
36 turns and 4 deaths later a new unkillable greek was born .
definitely hulk with or without the uniform if those are your only two options.cm is my worst t2 by far but i 'm hoping that with the movie coming out next year they will actually make her a worthy character .
like stoff if this guy finds his way out of f1 i 'll just patiently wait for him to smash a different series super gt formula nippon wec etc .
into oblivion and come back all the more stronger .
it 'll be a great shame if ocon does n't have a seat next year but his time in f1 definitely wo n't be over
even if tyler loses in the f2 i think he 'll still go down as having the most fun of any bb player ever .
fell in love with fitness model who also falls in love with you .
get to carry your friends to the end game and vote out everyone you find annoying .
yeah those things all happened after he was announced keep in mind he did n't get ash greninja until like winter of 2014 x y came out in 2013 only like 5-6 months before the direct where he was announced .
out of all the starters greninja was definitely the least likely initially to be in smash delphox was literally a biped wizard and chesnaught was a biped-tank .
we did n't know about ash greninja and nobody really said anything about it other than 'oh that 's its tongue ?
i agree however the hate towards seb is too much .
in 2011 hamilton finished 5th and his team m8 button 2nd .
hamilton is today considered the best driver over the last 10 years despite seasons like 2011 .
probably i hate when the butter sticks together and tears the weaker half
any efficient allocation can be attained by a competitive equilibrium given the market mechanisms leading to redistribution
that 's fine but what is efficient is not necessarily good .
social democracy is a ponzi scheme that can not last in the long term the experiment is already starting to come to an end in the nations in which it was tried .
the rewards due to labour are being turned down in favour of land capital and enterprise .
the flows which might have gone towards government are less likely to be balanced by taxation from the sources of the rewards from land capital and enterprise .
how did you end up meeting the blog author ?
anything interesting you 're willing to share from your conversation with him ?
and the artifacts you get as drops cant be used in the next game .
last 2 days i 've ran strikes nonstop just to get last piece of vigil set .
and this happens to me at least every other time i enter to a strike .
girls at work was telling me guys overexaggerate when we get hit in the nuts .
got hit by a kickball in the nuts once so hard that i almost vomited .
pe teacher was like uh tobor_a want to be taken to the nurse ?
half hearted chuckle from him and he said to take all the time i needed .
my parents want me to live at home after i graduate even with a 75k salary job secured for next year .
they only wished they had that opportunity to not lose money in rent and car payments while they started their careers .
i live in ca and the cost of living makes it almost expected to live at home for a few years .
some people like my parents even consider it irresponsible not to .
do n't be ashamed of living with your parents and do n't let other people shame you for it .
i 'd sooner my occasional thin outs go to a charity than a more commercial venture .
the save the children op shop in cannington has a reasonable 2nd hand book selection and i asked when in there a week or two back if they accepted books there and they said they did .
the stupid thing was when i was there i spotted a book id enjoyed the movie of some years back bought it for 3 then read it in like 2 days ... . and i 'll probably donate it straight back to them when i take the main lot in .
those are n't issues for people who want to play vanilla servers .
that 's why the argument you think you do but you do n't '' is so ridiculous you 're just projecting your own dislike of vanilla onto others who want it .
i think what he meant with that was that many people either do not even know vanilla because they 've never played it or they run around with too rose tinted glasses and forgot all the shitty parts over the few good ones .
my cousin has a friend that named her baby baby
was tempted to say scum of the earth but i 've been stiffed before
my first time on this sub but the post i was just looking at has the answer .
... and if you like american-style go with il industrias lorenzo rather than happ as il are the original manufacturer and thought to be better quality .
50k fans every week just trying to put the opponent off their game and/or influence umps decisions .
the only thing i miss from mop/wod and i played some months into the expansion and resubbed later is the millions in mission gold and my skygolems .
at the time of mop/wod everyone was whining at max about missing faction war/garrisonfbgames/azshran/jungle/name it .
challenger mode was kinda cool but i was n't engaged enough at the time the scenarios oh god no .
wod lost me completly just logged in to get one mythic run on garrosh done or something .
if you still think mop was the shit watch the official launch trailer/cinematic p
one of my schools had a dinosaur for their mascot because there were dinosaur remains found underneath it .
warlock sucks rn but moreover make your mate helps you ?
am playin rogue/warlock/rdruid in 3s and have no pbm at all
so on the clutch side underneath the engine cover there 's a linkage that connects the gear shift lever rod to the shaft that actually changes the gears in the transmission .
make sure the shift lever did n't come loose and is n't just slipping on the splines .
then make sure your clutch lever is working okay and when you pull it you can see the actuator moving freely .
failing that you 're gon na have to open up the engine .
if that 's okay then you have bigger troubles and will need to get into the gear box .
to me it had the perfect balance of awesome infantry fights and big tank fights .
... because they do n't give out awards for being funny entertaining or doing things people like .
they give them out for doing an impression of important films of the past .
nobody gave a second thought to giving an oscar to groundhog day when it came out .
they were too busy trying to predict what would be the next classic film and give it and oscar usually things that were basically like simple jack from tropic thunder .
my theory is destiny actually has a coherent story one that just takes a long time to tell .
meaning all these future events/the infinite futures we hear about were caused by our guardians .
my guess is destiny 3 's be reveal is we helped cause a future where we lose .
however my guess is this will finally make fricken osiris and the exo stranger major characters as they help us go back in time to stop ourselves .
have you tried learning a skill in universe b and then transferring it to universe a ?
for example learn to play guitar in universe b and then play in a ?
i 'm in az i get about mid 80s-100 every game .
that alone almost makes me not want to play lol
i read it like air and was confused as hell
it sounds like your life is n't fulfilling enough and you need more to keep you satisfied .
find any hobby i 'd recommend working out and it 'll make you feel better hopefully .
therapy also sounds like a good option for u .
remember that therapy is n't only for depressed and broken people it could help anyone out a lot
just start sending out applications as much as possible .
the more you roll the dice the more chances of getting a better job .
to be fair japanese tanks were notoriously bad against m4 shermans .
taxes are theft committed by the nwo to fund their globalist conspiracy of hiding the truth about the shape of the earth so that we can all keep drinking fluoride and breathing chem trails .
well i 'm glad you 're into it at least .
do n't forget the countdown at the end of the game .
as others have said ... . lose weight for you not for him .
but i do want to clarify one common notion on weight loss .
the key to weight loss is eat less calories and move more .
anyone trying to tell you different is selling you a product .
as long as you get a good deal any car is good .
just make sure you try to pay as close to auction value as possible
hi check out my blog www.sharingeconomysecrets.com for some articles .
let me know if you have any questions in specific .
i realize i 'm a bit late to this but ... i do n't think he is poor in book 3 .
i just think he ca n't be bothered to use the money since he 's given up hope .
for most of the book he 's not in a position to use it .
and he is still a wanted criminal because of what he 's doing .
yeah it was surprising to me to but they do have the largest volume and it takes 20 to make a dollar so ...
his personality is abrasive so i get why people might not like him but he 's also a pretty good coach/analyst that brings up points no other people talk about .
with jj coming back i think it 's pretty clear to all of us what we 're going to get—a fun enthusiastic film that 's more concerned with heart and character than it is with exposition and lore .
for most of us it was n't a racist sexist fantasy-plot-wish-fulfillment issue .
the issue was that it was n't an imaginative passionate follow up to 7 .
the greatest success of tfa was that we walked out of it in love with a new group of characters .
the ultimate letdown of tlj is that we walked out not really giving a shit .
all that we can hope for—and maybe thankfully somewhat safely expect with 9 is a worthy follow up to 7 and 8 that restores our love for the characters and the passion and energy that relaunched the franchise .
okay well i 'm not going to insult you and neither is anyone else .
maybe time to explore what is driving your feelings we all have subconscious ‘voices ' that drive our behaviors good and bad .
the travel set does not come with a board .
this is a reminder to please follow the sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/askvet/about/rules when discussing this question
do not comment with anecdotes about your own or others ' pets .
do not give op specific treatment instructions including instructions on meds and dosages .
do not give possible diagnoses that could explain the symptoms described by op .
your comment will be removed and you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askvet if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't feel it is an unfair comparison since the mcu has been going on for a decade now
well yes but if you take specific character arcs throughout the mcu you 'll find every one of them well fleshed out just take iron man cap or thor as examples .
who they started off as is organically and vastly different to their personalities now .
also you need to remember that the mcu as a whole is n't focused on a single character unlike the spider-man game .
for the restrictive nature of cinema the level of personality and detail they 've managed to imbue the characters in the mcu is nothing short of incredible imo .
hell they managed to make a character like thanos interesting and memorable enough that some people even view him as right .
the game is fantastic and its story is fantastic .
but if i 'm being fair i would compare it with other games rather than movies .
it 's hand down my favourite campaign of the year with god of war a very very close second being edged out solely because of my pre-imbibed love for spidey as a character .
it means balls and weiner and yes they do mean alot to me .
it is like saying yeah this team played very good football they had most ball posession most precise passing most shots on the goal .
too bad they scored no goal and the other did 3 but still they won .
thank you vyncex for giving 10 points to hufflepuff !
you can check if your favourite dorm is winning at http www.dila.si http www.dila.si .
if you want to contact my owner you can message him here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=drobilc .
i can understand that the government wants a method of payment that does n't rely on external companies
i 'm telling you that sgqr still relies on external companies .
give it couple months and you 'll be drowning in your new shirt too !
we need him fully charged for the liverpool epl showdown at the bridge .
one team chose to attend the major another team did n't .
one team 's choices won them ti8 another team 's choices made them bottle the finals .
how can a tow truck even operate like this ?
when you park you 'd engage the rear brakes hand brake and the front wheels would be locked by leaving the car in gear which is something most people do .
towing the car this way will cause a lot of serious damage need for new rear brakes and probably a new transmission and likely serious engine damage .
all tow trucks i 've ever seen either lift the car onto a platform or they put dolly wheels under the car 's wheels so they do n't turn .
either way the tow company has to pay for any damage caused .
i am ok with abaddon someone having an aspect of horus inside him .
but that is precisely because the whole point of the bl series is about astartes who moved beyond their father 's both their successes and failures .
i think an outright clone in essence makes abaddon too much like a de facto primarch undermining that essential theme .
i forget which move it exactly is might be her df+2 but whatever it is has a giant phantom hitbox .
dude he 's the worst rapper rn next to juice wrld
seems like they 're used to this kind of situation but still smile no matter how hard it is .
ark smart breeding https github.com/cadon/arkstatsextractor can calculate your dinos ' stats even after level-ups .
it 's also really helpful in determining the most efficient path to breeding your best possible dino .
i get my concentrates from sydney vapour and nicotine from vapoureyes nz .
with tobacco flavours being out of reach tobacco concentrates are n't hard to get .
if you mean to ask if they 're difficult to mix ive got no input as they 're not my thing .
a convenient place to start is sydney vapour 's recipe packs that give you all the flavours needed to mix up particular recipes usually clones of popular juices .
i do n't get caught up in the names of places .
or is it possible that others have a different experience from you ?
she 's actually just arguing that we should use more māori names in lieu of names of people who never even came here .
just because names do n't originate from new zealand does n't mean we should n't use them .
sure but why not use ones that have more of a connection to our history ?
why does it always matter with the left about who first inhabited land ?
the left usually think about this because the groups who first inhabited the land were then murdered and subjugated by outsiders with their descendants having worse socioeconomic outcomes as a result and the left are often concerned with that sort of injustice .
you seem to believe this for everywhere except europe who should be culturally enriched .
i simultaneously believe that a it 's good for people to connect to their history and heritage b we should aspire to a world where people can move more freely and c cultural diversity is enjoyable .
they 're few and far in between because maoris did n't leave much for us to build on .
we have un heritage on plenty of things including maori stuff .
this is not about reconstruction of maori things '' nor of preservation of maori stuff '' .
it 's about utilising the māori design principles that can change aotearoa for the better '' .
if these architects want to design buildings now it will never be authentically maori .
the elements can be authentically māori and merged with principles from other design styles too .
they do n't have to be 100 authentically māori buildings to be an improvement on the current state .
that within itself is a bastardisation of the maori culture .
well shit better tell ngai tūhoe https www.jasmax.com/news/te-kura-whare-new-zealand-s-first-certified-living-building that by using some european '' elements in their headquarters they 've bastardised their own culture .
you literally shared an article with an image of some attractive māori design as the main image https thespinoff.scdn5.secure.raxcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/maori-urban-design.jpg .
nparents present the belt '' as normal because thats how they were raised but that twisted disciplinary practice is horrid and no one should go through it .
the main reason you think games do not get enough recognition is that you look at the wrong media plattform .
twitch tons of youtube channels were the hobby gets discussed more thoroughly than tv or newspapers ever could .
why would i want tv covering an e-sports event when you have livestreams of these events on twitch that not only allow me to consume the event but also interact with other people watching the event ?
why would i want a 5 minute section on a late night show covering the witcher 3 when i have videos on youtube analyzing the same game in hourlong videos ?
the target audience gamers of these segments on tv has better alternatives and the rest of the audience just want these shows to cover something that they 're actually interested in music movies politics .
the main reason why video games are niche in this kinda medium is not the mainstream '' not recognizing video games as something interesting to cover but simply that there is no real demand for this kind of coverage .
secondly as others already have pointed out most video games simply are trash when it comes to writing art style or the themes that they are dealing with because it is a mainstream gazillion dollar industry and like with cinema art is not something the average consumer actually wants .
i like the flexispot height adjustable standing desk i used it for two years it still works well .
i found the clouds easy and the cherry blossoms annoying !
me and my girlfriend tupac https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xtmyxoh6s7a is about a gun not a woman .
it 's the sort of thing they should have kept just for the sake of allowing players to feel like they 're maybe being heard and increase the chances they subscribe again .
the feedback could have gone straight into a digital shredder and nobody would have known .
im not sure on my play time but i 'm 539 light now without ever touching a second character so i 'd say it 's a lot .
i 've received 2 exotic drops one being a crimson one being a knucklehead radar .
the knucklehead did n't even raise my helmet ll ...
i only say that because i rarely get to use the word dirigible '' .
hey man for me you are the prime football side in europe must watch every week for about a year now .
bit of advice if you want good cross-over skills do n't limit yourself to just learning javascript pick up c as well and both your js and your gamedev skills will benefit massively .
also it 's useful to learn some colour theory and the grid system design theory which again will benefit both sides .
my job is paying me to go to georgetown for a master 's in applied intelligence .
they might send me to england or germany too in the coming months .
sorry i highlighted pharah since i had 75ish hours as her .
on the whole roster i 've played reaper mei soldier widow sombra junk rat you get the gist .
obviously skill level would vary with these but people place too much value imo in the current season most played rather than looking at the overall profile you would hope a level 500 has played more than one dps hero after all right ?
it 's much easier when the defender is ball watching and gives you a free five yards of space .
type warded '' and highlight we need wards '' while pinging at the support .
respawns go to the same spot and dies again .
i quit for a semester because of it and my focus dropped along with my grades ... . so i 'm back on it .
sometimes i 'm too silly and become annoying so i feel like the addy me helps my boyfriend sometimes lol
whichever hole your hubby prefers i 'll be happy to fill up the other .
he can be a millionaire and get a gold digger .
the american century was the most brazen hegemonic empire to date no other nation has occupied more foreign land in its existence not even rome if you adjust for known land mass has had more than the us .
not even britain in her height can compare and now even it is under the yoke of the us .
you can certainly exacerbate the demise of an empire by over-extending it .
the idea that we lets these insane idiots continue with this farce is the really terrifying part seeing as how they want to develop a 'space force . '
apparently they 're not content with blowing up enough things/people here on earth they have to do it in space too !
it was the same but now i get every receipt and keep track of my expenses .
that way i can see how much i spend on food clothing cleaning utensiles porn food and stuff .
they have a pretty large growing middle class and a country having economic problems does n't usually effect their love of sport .
people in poverty actually tend to get more invested in sport .
you have probably been caught by valve 's smurf detection .
do n't have time to go into details you can learn more by googling .
basically if you use smurf accounts and want low queue time go play at internet cafes .
i 'm playing a warlock/sorcerer and multiclassed at 4 3/1 and mostly regret it .
this is being reported as happening independently and free of oversight which if true suggests a soft coup or the preparation for a hard one .
it should be noted that rotation has a hurtbox that lasts far longer than the actual animation which means if someone carelessly trips it then goes for the kill they can easily be sent flying .
the ability can also be used in midair when dropping down onto a point .
so i recommend using it ahead of time when dropping down on top of the flag .
if there 's an ongoing fight it will immediately send everyone nearby into the stratosphere .
is there no rule this man wo n't break ? ! ?
still need to find someone with a pe to apprentice '' with but it 's pretty easy .
as many of you are looking forward to the next update for hegis ' grasp with the full game set to release which i 'll include a brief update below we wanted to show you the brand new look for the game !
this brand new banner shows the added subtitle evil resurrected and will be replacing the game image on steam .
as for that promised brief update on what to expect on september 27th we have been focusing mainly on the following
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
the best swordsman in the world does n't need to fear the second best swordsman in the world no the person for him to be afraid of is some ignorant antagonist who has never had a sword in his hand before he does n't do the thing he ought to do and so the expert is n't prepared for him he does the thing he ought not to do and often it catches the expert out and ends him on the spot .
did the actual article say she went off script or something ?
because nothing on here says anything about going off script just that it was supposed '' to be one thing but did n't go that way .
think of the color part of the front of the eye like a scrunchie and the pupil like a hand in the middle of it .
it becomes thinner and the hand in the middle takes up a bigger amount of space but the entire mass of the scrunchie is still there .
in the same way the color part of your eye the iris contracts and appears thinner when the pupil dilates .
it 's all still there but it 's squished outwards into a thinner ring as it 's displaced .
as a vintage coat fanatic favorite color green person i am in awe .
i know of 3 women who moved to vegas to do this .
what they carried on there chest so it was probably for the best .
there are going to be moments in any given part of the world where things are terrible but having said all that i think things are gon na work out .
the world lost a force for good a man who dedicated his life to opening people to new cultures .
but that said the world was better for having had him .
subjective it 'll look better than xiv will in 5-6 years time .
the armor looks like it 's painted on your character .
i 'm from austria where it 's not even known as quarkkuchen but as topfenkuchen which is the same .
but the point was that quarkkuchen is a legit german word for it not that there are n't any other names for it .
quark and topfen are the same a type of cheese and the point of my answer was to demonstrate that you not only can make cheesecake with quark/topfen but that it 's so much one of the standard cheeses for it that many german speaking people even call the whole thing quarkkkuchen or topfenkuchen .
it 's a linguistic fact that quarkkuchen and topfenkuchen are both german words for käsekuchen/cheesecake .
they had this ready to go from the start .
sorry mikey_studios your submission https www.reddit.com/r/androidapps/comments/9gsqhc/promo_code_giveaway_lets_duel_challenge_your has been automatically removed .
your account is brand new or has low karma and our subreddit experiences a lot of spam from new accounts .
as such we remove submissions from brand new accounts to prevent spam .
if you 're a developer who 's new around here or if you 're trying to promote your website/app or other content relating to it please ensure that you 've throughly read our rules and in particular rule 3
you may also want to be aware of reddit 's own guidelines on self promotion
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/androidapps if you have any questions or concerns .
putting the releases into monthly playlists like 2018-08 '' or 2018-07 '' helps me with the offline handling of these releases .
each morning i start my songs sorted by date i added them to my library and listen through the day .
so time after time new music comes and older music stops being played by me because there is enough new music but i had enough time to listen to each release between 20-30 times
ive just recently learned abt this condition and it is scary .
there are some meds she 's being given but perhaps soon .
is it impossible for a fixed supply currency to reach equilibrium that will keep it stable ?
i 'm still thinking if his memory loss may be connected to something that happened in the unchained realm like something that could damage his heart even before xehanort found him .
but yeah i feel like it 's not entirely possible for him to regain his memories without meeting someone he knew .
there 's also this statement from nomura that we 'll get to feel/see the influence of dandelions so maybe that 'll help him remember just a little bit .
more like manlet shakiro tries to punch the girl recoils with horror because reeeee girls have cooties
yeah because an 11 year old girl totally knows which 3 key players to kill in order to end a war .
assuming she even cares enough about ending the war shes a little murderer she just wants vengeance for herself she doesnt give two shits if the realm is at war
i have been admining for 3 years since pc ea release if you ever have any questions about growing or things like that let me know .
here is a video i made sharing some basic experience and philosophies it has been well received and helps you keep hard earned players around .
i do n't pretend to know everything but have learned many lessons the hard way .
once i hit the 3200 hour mark i thought it was time to share those experiences .
experience can be shared and can be helpful all the best in your new adventure .
conforto has the righties til next week with only scherzer as his problem .
haniger has a juicy 3 day texas matchup after his next 2 astro games .
conforto gets the thursday game too so i 'm leaning towards conforto .
you 're retarded if you think sexting someone with consent is in the same realm as betting on football games .
the sketchy ones are the ones that use bots and give you like 10,000 views in a day or how you set it .
those are the ones that get flagged by spotify and your track gets taken down .
this way is organic and how tracks are regularly played by a real account with a real device playing the track from a an ip address that is legit and not behind vpns or proxies .
i got fired from delta as a flight attendant for getting double pneumonia and taking 3 days in the hospital .
i was still on new hire probabtion and was only allotted 2 sick days for 6 months .
no compasion just you signed a contract with the rules and should have taken better care to not get sick . ''
i wonder if a civil work program could be helpful for rehabilitating at least the ones who recognize that they have a problem .
i do n't know why this is n't standard across the developed world .
it 's not reasonable for society to demand that someone have a job and then not employ them .
dam i wanted to get my girlfriend in but i think we are looking at a different time slot .
if you are interested in a different day maybe we could do that .
that 's not weakness it 's maybe ptsd but it 's not weakness .
i hope that you can work around it and stop people-pleasing compulsively but please do n't be so hard on yourself x
the fight would still be shorter than the match of casual you join mid round and no one wants to attack .
60 dmg per minute from clash less than 4 min time extended in secure area with two noobs smashing qe and shooting at each other 's feet .
let 's just view some neck-severing and wonder what this video is about.
tldr being in the eu restrained having disputes between eu states once the uk is outside we can expect more disputes with eu states such as france and spain .
yesterday i accidentally came up with a plot for my smut fic .
i was already ten chapters in without any plot .
oh well those chapters were just intro i guess .
the details here are useful to guide the building maintenance team not always the best guys to lead an investigation .
or why the thermostat is on off but the ac is still active mechanically ?
and i can see that becoming an issue late game during a moment were chips can kill .
at that point i 'd just go on the offensive .
this is a 'citizen 's jury ' reporting to a women 's minister who 's only there because of her family connections .
decent chances are none of them even know what the gender composition of the vps is same for the aap journalist .
if they want people hyped for it then that 's the best way to start banjo kazooie-ing
i mean we wo n't know isaac-tly who they might choose but geno you can never trust sakurai to be predictable .
reduce it by 25 but thinking jobs/office jobs would provide less than 25 production loss .
assuming you 're on windows that is i imagine it 's a similar if not the same command in osx an linux 's bash terminals
i fully understand what you 're saying but think about this .
if a crocodile eats a person who is running along an unguarded swamp everyone would be angry with the croc for having taken a human life but no one would deny that it was the croc 's nature .
the croc was definitely the party responsible for killing the person and so yes it was the croc 's fault. but no one would be surprised that the events occurred the way they did because factors outside of the crocs control simply caused it to act on its genetic and instinctual programming .
i think we 're on the same page to a large degree but i feel like your reaction to the crocodile incident might be to simply put the croc down and move on feeling that the work of preventing future harm is done .
on the other hand i would like to build a fence relocate as many crocs as i could educate the local runners install lighting etc on top of putting down the man-eating croc .
in the case of this mom i agree that her actions were heinous .
she is responsible in the sense that her physical self committed the acts .
but i still do n't think she is at fault .
she should be removed from the general population for sure but doing so as a punishment or for false justice leaves the swamp open for other crocs to snatch runners .
whenever a living creature encounters a situation or environment that triggers their predispositions they will act .
sincerely hope this helps you understand how closely we 're in agreement .
vad i helvete är poängen med och kalla sig själv vegetarian om man äter fisk och/eller kyckling ?
then create a relationship between them and boom one query and you have your answer
if you guys 🙁 are just gunna hate 🤰🏾 i 'm gunna have to be 🖇 less family friendly 🔞 so back off 💪🏽 or taste a bit 🥪 of my 12 year old 🐕 fist 🤜🏼
you could look at lirc the linux infrared remote control program or winlirc .
you should be able to plug a cheap usb ir emitter into your pc point it at the tv and have a script that sends the power-on command on boot .
this just seems like a guy taking about fighting not about how cool and tough he is compared to said person
i 'm in highschool and my whole class knows the staff wifi password .
bc of us they got another wifi network but they did n't get rid of the old one .
maybe if video card prices would calm the hell down .
given the choice between a 400 gpu and 400 ps4 pro i 'm going with the playstation every time especially considering pc games by their very nature are n't optimized for shit so practical performance is eerily similar despite the pc technically being twice as powerful .
not using an excuse here but 2014 the year in which afghanistan did beat bangladesh was perhaps the worst in bd cricket 's recent history .
it was talked about everywhere in bd 's cricket fraternity .
bd only won 2 matches and lost 22 that year across all formats .
they even bring that year up as a reference to how bad it was .
https www.thedailystar.net/sports/bangladesh-cricket/time-address-the-debacles-1537237 obvoiusly credit does go to afghanistan for defeating bd but context matters that year bd lost to hk as well .
that would n't explain why diamond prices remained high only why they were high .
reminds me of a disorder i heard about once where you think you said something that made sense but what you actually said was a bunch of nonsensical gibberish .
like you 'll think you said the milk is in the fridge '' but what you really said was something completely different .
you can also check the directory r/counting/wiki/directory once it 's been updated .
or maybe check the profiles of frequent counters in this thread
the official reddit app does not show a continue thread '' link it simply hides the rest of the comment chain so using the browser version or a better app like reddit is fun for android is recommended .
think he 's talking about this hypothetical situation explained here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ijfm6dxnvyi
warning existential dread eminent as is the norm with this channel
i dont think i care about being masculine all that much .
i cant explain why i like what i like .
it 's kinda like why i cant explain why i favour certain foods over others .
just wonder if others found it odd considering from being a feminine kid to masculine as an adult is normal .
this kid at my school running around with his pants around his feet to pull girls
počeo bi prilazit withcer 3 da nemam kantu od kompa .
however my biggest complaint is that because of the trailers and the movie title i was led to believe it was going to have tons of funny gore .
good comedy and story though ... might have to actually re-watch it sometime .
general synod 2017 voted to affirm that the heidelberg catechism q a 108 and 109 categorically states that god condemns 'all unchastity ' which includes same-sex sexual activity and that faithful adherence to the rca 's standards therefore entails the affirmation that marriage is between one man and one woman . ''
this may come as a surprise to you but this is an anti-lgbt tenet .
i would definitely go for the bazel variant of the dual blades which naturally has more affinity 20 i believe and keep everything else more or less as is then you get guts too and could even add some other stuff in place of a couple expert jewels while keeping high affinity .
they can do that but then no one can guarantee the safety of those systems or the personnel operating it
and no one can guarantee the safety of the israeli jets and the pilots trying to attack those systems .
point is any escalation would be counter-productive for israel .
a.rain was in one of the latest batches on the jp side yet we got him last week it seems gl might just have a different release rate then the jp side for sure i mean tidus and tt together along with ayuka seems a tad overkill to me esp as we just had hyoh release bring on reberta though !
i had a friend who wore his practically all the time with some music to drown out his tinnitus like the movie baby driver but even he took them out for job interviews and first dates lol
i have n't watched more than a few minutes of the new show yet but i do love that about the old show .
fuckin ' what 's his face sean conner or whatever his name is cackling at the end of the todd glass episode at norm 's and it 's amazing too how london was able to recover so quickly '' .
another lady laughing at stephen merchant reading the joke about eget and a guitar player .
the guy who laughs at this one says your face looks like a cunt . ''
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you would like to advertise post in the stickied thread .
if you feel that this was a mistake and would like to request the re approval of your submission please click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdarknet subject=i 20would 20like 20to 20know 20why 20my 20submission 20was 20removed. message=here 3a 20 27link 20your 20submission 20here 27 20is 20my 20submission. 20i 20would 20like 20to 20know 20why 20it 20was 20removed 20and 20if 20it 20can 20be 20re 20approved .
not to ruin the mystery but this was his first public appearance after his plane crash which he had botox in one side of his face as treatment for .
hated it almost as long as it 's been out
though you know me from some of our conversations i prefer to stay far away from furry and uh ... certain ship stuff so those will not be mentioned anywhere .
you can marry into the royal family which is kind of marrying up for most people .
but we do n't have specific words for it .
except that urllib is not async so that does n't make any sense ?
i want to invest in lugia fav and heavily in kyogre ray and groudon but those 3 are likely to replace themselves no ?
i swear to god if you do n't fucking stop i will swallow a fucking frisbee .
it 's on reddit therefore it 's fucking shitty .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shittyreactiongifs if you have any questions or concerns .
hi the icelandic authorities have all the information on sigurður and his crimes .
i ca n't say if this is true/false but if you research news about sigurður you 'll see for yourself what kind of activity he was involved in .
active edge is on htc before pixel now playing is kinda cool google camera is cool for shit cameras and improves pixels images .
overall i agree with you but most phones have far more innovative and unique software .
think about samsung with secure folder dual audio dual apps edge apps theme engine aod customisations edge screen lighting scroll screen capture spen etc etc .
relax man i do n't think they expect you to monitor your e-mails 24/7 .
it may be less taboo to talk about weight openly in asian countries but if someone gets offended which seungri seemed to be each time it was mentioned then i 'm pretty sure that kind of comment can be considered rude .
even if seungri has the variety skill to handle such comments by responding back in a lively manner you could see in the episode that people seemed uncomfortable when ysc brought it up with uncertain laughter and then they laughed more assuredly when seungri responded brightly to the jab .
not a teen now but in my teens my mom was doing laundry for the entire family if i visit now when i 'm older she still wants to do the laundry for me .
it 's a mix of that is how we always did it and efficiency of machine use/drying space .
note however that me and my sibling helped out sometimes with loading the machine hanging up stuff for drying folding etc but then we did it for everyones stuff and not only our own .
i 'd like jj to appear on matt 's show and frank 's show .
did n't even bother to check whether there was someone behind him he just let the doors close behind him .
this is n't just any street it 's where the british embassy is .
they made a new entrance to a side street so they would n't have bobby sands in the address .
there 's also a burger joint named after famous hunger strike martyr bobby sands .
it makes sense that they are willing to face the backlash when their rapist may otherwise step into one of the most powerful positions in the country .
in munich the majority of police vehicles i see are still green/silver .
i agree that all new ones are blue/silver but there are a lot less of the new ones around .
also been encountering the desync with insanely long load times .
deleted my cache this evening and that fixed my load times .
i 'm assuming this might end up being the fix for taloc as well .
you 're right we should accept what 's in the media without definitions or context .
i do n't think he is rebelling against the law and justice to stick it to chuck he 's just very loyal to his friends and i think he genuinely thinks its ridiculous that huell is going to prison for mistakenly hitting a cop with a bag of sandwiches .
he had a disregard for rules and the law since he was a child and he only started hating chuck like midway through season 2 or even at the end .
in fact i got the number from a girl from atlanta on tinder .
if you read literally anything about it you would realise it 's not .
but when you 're one of the two best players for the past 6 years ...
i do n't think these pros talk kindly about paul 's game just because he 's their friend i think it 's because they know enough about the level he 's capable of playing on understand just how impressive his performances are .
the title nor his quotes say anything other than 'we ' so he 's not singling out players .
tf and tezos team are baking unlocked tezzies and are making money with .
not sure ledger are working on a gui anytime soon .
keep yourself emotionally blind until you get fucked up hard .
these ppl have millions why would they let them go easily to some other ppl they do n't give shit about .
at least if they were muslims they would have morals but they are europeans thus mostly atheists believing to be just a mass of dust moving around .
loved this poem for the longest time this challenge gave me an excuse/opportunity to explore the wider meaning/concepts behind plath 's words
le havre diarra mandanda payet mahrez pogba b.mendy f.mendy guitane 19 and signed for rennes .
psg have done a lot of things for their academy recently but they will probably need a little more time .
these are my options i do n't see corsair composite virtual input devices ''
yeah normally when i get to tier 20 i use it as a throwaway but figured since i was kinda close i 'd try and stay this week and it worked .
ca n't do it often though since it takes a lot of crests to find high level matches in my score range .
it 's not ... great but i 'm trying to squeeze every last bonus point out of her to offset the fact i 'm not using a bonus that can get merges .
i 'm worried slaying hammer might drop my points too low .
only other ways i can squeeze points into her kit is with aether and dc .
like i said no feathers for aether and while i have dc i 'm actually going to try and get her green duel infantry instead .
part of why i went so hard to try and stay this week was to see if i even could get kills without running something like db and it seems possible just hard .
i used fury and was usually able to do damage i think i can make up for losing that 3 atk by taking an atk refine on her which is one of the only times i 'd even consider it .
if not i may try running klein instead since i can 10 him but he 'll score a little lower with less good skills and ranged .
also i meant i was trying to get a good run this week to make t21 for next week sorry for confusion .
i know my unmerged fjorm has no hope of getting me in when a lot of people have got merges on her .
the sidebar and the wiki page of the federation have been adapted accordingly .
i seriously doubt they 'd replace the whole controller for the rubber grips being missing microsoft themselves would n't even do that for me and i was meant to be fully covered by their warranty .
i hope it does n't end up at this stage for you i 've had to replace my lb rb bumper twice as it 's very prone to breaking and i 've totally lost the grips on my controller .
i 've taken real good care of it and always kept it in the travel case when not using it .
hopefully argos wo n't be as bad as microsoft were at dealing with the issues .
but ideally the issues wo n't come into play for you either .
raphael levy top 8ed the pro tour with 4 copies maindeck so apparently it was pretty good .
the command code is effective against all the servants except those with the star alignment which are usually not weak to enuma elish ... except bedivere da vinci assassin scathach and jeanne have the star attribute but they are weak to enuma elish .
there are also some servants who do not belong to the star alignment but are n't weak to enuma elish meaning the two shikis kiara abigail williams and fujino .
they orbit the moon come back and all they can come up with together for new art is a cover version of that pink floyd album
i do n't care about ewk being downvoted all the time .
i 'm sure most people would downvote him just for breathing .
it 's the constant ewk conversations that spoil this sub .
not one single post where someone does n't mention him or he does n't pop up to do his copy-paste job..
i mean regardless of whether he 's right or not are there no rules against that ?
i think i 'm very good only need to remember to use sun protection
gosh the content is n't even out yet let the pros do the run downs .
it 's still 60/40 national media talking heads saying em won and that 40 is fucking loud em needs to stomp this bitch
yes that is why it 's called 'gender dysphoria ' .
you 're such a purposefully dense piece of shit are n't you ?
and you ca n't change that no matter how hard you try can you ?
hate to be that guy but the game really does n't run or look that great unless you have some powerful hardware .
the textures are downright worse on pc even on max settings for some ungodly reason and they have yet to comment on it .
but the best jojo 's are of western descent .
it 's so upsetting knowing we wo n't get another game by them .
mad respect for them retweeting and giving this project their blessing .
seems there 's time before the ceo position needs to be filled .
balance this game for the wide mass not the tiny minority of pros .
i hate this so much why should the players that plays to climb the ranks be punished for going higher because the game is being balanced around the players who does n't how to actually play the game ?
the most recent example of this is yorick because hey guys let 's nerf this guy because the ninety-nine point nein nein nein nein purcent xxxdddd of the players who do n't know how to deal with him haha ''
balance the game for the high elo and pro players the rest can go fuck themselves and get better
the problem is that wb did n't plan for a shared universe and then tried to make a shared universe anyway .
and they picked the wrong person to organize that shared universe .
in hindsight they should n't even have tried to compete with marvel in that regard .
and once you really establish all the justice league characters you want the general public to know about then make an isolated justice league trilogy .
but when you make a shared universe and then start introducing isolated movies of characters in that shared universe while the shared universe is still going on you 're going to confuse the general public .
i 'm not a huge marvel fanboy but its cinematic franchise is like the only one that is n't a disaster .
the x-men franchise as a whole was a train wreck .
and now they 're doing a venom movie without spider-man .
zack synder should 've never been hired for the job .
these studios have no idea what they 're doing .
the idea behind the multiple legs that were to given the males was to convey a feeling of cowardliness .
their 'normal pose ' looks or rather is essentially crouching always hiding in the brush and keeping low from the females .
more legs to also conveyed a attribute of speed skittering here and there almost like insects .
females have 4 legs although it has n't been clearly depicted in any of our works yet they have their major leg and their minor leg which sticks close to the dominant one as an almost useless extension .
females are much heavier and thus need thicker legs to support their body weight .
i thought about t-rex 's in the brute way that they move to the physical design of the females .
hope that answers your question feel free to ask anymore !
pastor says when it comes to desert there 's haagen-do 's and haagen-dont 's
new r/neoliberal/new the neoliberal podcast matt bruenig joins the show to discuss social wealth funds r/neoliberal/comments/9gvgut/the_neoliberal_podcast_matt_bruenig_joins_the
replies to this comment will be removed please participate in the linked thread
you ca n't get in someone 's face and call them a murderer or a fascist .
the court accepts that those words can cause someone to lose their cool head and cause a breach of the peace .
if you did it via a facebook message twitter or reddit you 'd be fine .
the point is that in england saying shit like fuck the pakis is illegal .
we can argue about the minutia regarding what 's a fighting word versus a call to lawless action but that ignores the fact that statements that are 100 not fighting words and not incitement to imminent lawless action in the us are illegal in the uk .
the three amigos did n't completely bomb but it did n't do nearly as well as the studios were hoping upon release considering the star wattage attached .
it was a long gestating project that saw john belushi rick moranis come go .
even steven spielberg was attached to direct at one point .
of course i did n't know any of this while i was growing up the three amigos was my life !
i was shocked to learn that others did n't feel the same way .
it has grown into a classic now though which is well-deserved .
yo did captain marvel just sock an old lady in the face ?
unova only looks weird because whoever drew that map made it look waaaaaaay larger than it actually is .
they made unova take up literally half of america for no reason when in reality it 's literally just a significantly less developed manhattan with brooklyn and new jersey on the sides and nothing more .
same thing with orre it 's likely just a small section of arizona although that does n't explain how there 's a sea port in xd .
for comparison here is what unova https cdn.bulbagarden.net/upload/f/fc/unova_b2w2_alt.png looks like and here is what manhattan https www.nyctourist.com/images/maps/map_hoods4.gif looks like .
lol dude you had a 2/3 chance to get the arrow and didnt
i do n't like her suit it just does n't fit her well .
she just does n't look that badass to me .
well at least you can stick iona on the tech tree i-400
all these things are far more important then the size update youtubers demanded forntier make .
devs need to stop listening to youtubers and instead need to work on ways to make the game replayable and enhance the overall depth of the experience .
you can change sizes all you want but it 's not bringing back players nor is it expanding the player base only additional depth and replayablty can do that please do n't go down the space engineers approach to development .
she does make me happy and we talk non stop .
sometimes it has even happened that either of our moms scolded us too put down the call .
and we have talked about a lot a lot of stuff .
but i just get this feeling that i can know her much much better but i dont know how to .
i could have sworn after the whole thing with kharn they all chilled out
make sure you keep all e-mails/take photos of any documents you get .
the cable companies are bloody notorious for 'losing ' stuff somewhere and charging you for it .
lol maybe you should visit some big coastline cities over here in california other side of the country where we are pretty religious about keeping our waterways clean and obsessed with water quality .
at least here we give a damn about the cleanliness of our environment .
we got our venue before the proposal too partially because future sil told us horror stories about venues being booked for hers and partially because i instantly fell in love with our venue fh has worked weddings there and already knew it was epic .
we told a few select people but for the most part took the it 's no ones ' business but ours approach .
i get the freak out though almost all his friends work in the wedding business so we ended up telling them so they could blackout their calendars because it was important to us that they be able to come .
you might consider telling that couple on the down low .
not to steal their thunder but to let them know so your fears are n't realized ?
not trying to give advice just solidarity from having been there .
also my brother got engaged about a year before us but has yet to set a date so that was also a concern for us
in the comics a guy by the name of mar-vell took the name captain marvel and she inherited it from him .
because he is a foreign terrorist that tried to murder people and is a danger to their society ?
t https www.reddit.com/r/danganronpa/comments/9gv5rg/ndrv3_spoilers_results_of_the_3rd_ultimate_best hat 's it subreddit over we peaked we can shut the whole thing down now
still miss her every day practically a decade later .
my dad and i have a good relationship but i was always closer with my mom growing up .
are they afraid that reading a book will turn you into a homosexual ?
just saw they were available to add to set .
it 's loaded exactly the same most of the time .
there are who served and is in that subreddit and can give you best advice i think .
they also did n't like the jewish men showing up at their gymnasiums with circumcised penises .
the exposed glans suggested erection which was a no-no in the gym .
the jews learned to stretch their foreskin forward to cover the glans which at least got them entry without an immediate dismissal .
then the jewish high priests changed the circumcision rite to strip away all the foreskin permanently exposing the glans completely .
read what you 're replying to slowly this time .
yes believe it or not promiscuity is prevalent across all genders and sexuality .
his yupoo album had pictures of retails i think .
that 's plenty of time if you really wanted too .
just stop at 3 hours before and you should be fine .
that 's more than enough time to get back down to baseline if you 're snorting it .
if 5 hours until work and i had the house to myself and ketamine hell yeah i 'm gon na take it .
but if i was given the choice i 'd probably pick mvp 17
you know this must be the worst kind of torture for a person like trump .
i want to have a child like this one day
damn i 'd make the drive to la to take his place
i was just talking to my boss last week about how i 'm seeing the landscape of it change .
this is another one of those changes i see becoming mainstream for teams over the next 10 years .
you find it masculine many people find it masculine .
but language changes nobody used the term dude when i was a kid and now everyone i know uses it indiscriminately .
the next time someone calls you dude or another term you find uncomfortable just ask them not to call you that .
in the same way that gay now means more than just a male homosexual dude is used as a friendly term .
currently using a 5 yr. old setup based around an air cooled i7-3770k gtx 660ti .
i love the fact that i built it and it 's all mine .
but it 's starting to show its age and is due to be upgraded/replaced .
the amount of hours i 've spent playing is immense .
in my opinion it 's one of the most complete games ever made .
the build pics help humor have been really enjoyable .
just to see what it actually looks like played at max settings
to be frank having raid banners is now simply making me hate raid banners .
1 design raids in such a way that you do n't always need full super and ammo .
2 just reset everyone to full on wipe inside of raids .
giving us a currency sink to do the raid is kind of scummy and annoying tbh .
as other studios enter the streaming game they will begin to pull their movies from netflix as contracts end .
netflix knows this and has been pushing out their own content and while generally pretty decent in the long term i think it will be a gamble
almost everyone know zoro would loose against cracker beside fanboys .
another sad part for me was episode 2 when she was singing for bojack and flip .
literally watching her childhood dream get crushed as it happens .
rudolph is not going to get the targets to be anything but td dependent .
because you can just create your own fair trade label with your own standards and slap that on everything you like
i play a handful of coop games per week if that .
i got into sc through the campaign and only ever really enjoyed that .
1v1 just gets me salty and i avoid it because i want to enjoy my limited time off and because i do n't want to bring down this community .
how do they gain additional information when theists constantly argue that it god does n't leave evidence .
a hypothesis only goes so far before people ask for evidence .
what was the hardest weapon for you to get ?
i always have troubles getting the trident from the 6 eyed asshats in dukes book club
we still got like 3 updates before her movie people telling other people to hoard crystals need to chill out .
the only problem with this is the fact it does n't work on daggers which means you 're missing out on extra lightning for shocks .
as far as i know this would work on a claw which can roll lightning but then you 've got a shitty wasted implicit
does n't have any details that someone could use to debunk her claims
and you can bet her story '' was vetted by liberal douche lawyers to be certain the story '' had nothing that could be shown to be a lie .
hi sorry i was away this weekend but i did not have any codes anyway .
it 's very noticable for several things we purchase for home improvement things and car parts and its hit my school science budget very hard .
equating the claim people should probably shut up about video games in a thread about actual important atrocities that effect people in the real world '' to no one can complain about anything '' is pretty fucking stupid .
people jokingly blamed public schools for kids knowing too much bad things when in reality three games of demolition while being spawn camped taught you all you needed to know over voice chat
this is the project that got a grammy winner youtube star and video game designing legend on their team .
my parents took me to the movies when i was really young to see it .
i know i 'm young compared to a lot of people on this site 😅
if they 're going for the 5 invader kills they do n't have the ace yet and ca n't proc momento mori .
it has been snowballing nonstop for the last month .
we 're already several weeks into the 24/7 competition for who can absolutely destroy blizz must see not clickbait gone sexual '' the hardest and all the genuine criticisms have been so worn out that they just do n't get an appreciable reaction anymore so people are relying on increasingly insane complaints and lack of logic to keep the ball going and the outrage fueled .
cocaine has weird ways of attaching itself to your noggin means it 's gettin a tiny bit of control be careful brother .
it 's just a predator movie people.. had it 's issues.. but i liked it .
had fun and enjoyed the characters and shane black humor for the most part .
it 's crazy seeing the shit they pick up .
bring corporate taxes back to the level they were in the 1960 's .
this is an older article but the info is acurate https www.ocpp.org/2016/06/29/rpt201606-oregon-corporate-taxes-decline-gaming
it is not repost but something similar to it .
i am quite sure i saw something like this before but it is not in message form
yes and oil also helps a bit with cooling so you need enough for that too .
hahaha english is not my native languaje hence the sticky thingys hahaha .
my wife told me that she 's been feeling depressed about my coming out as trans .
here 's something that you really need to know about depression if you have depression or you are supporting someone with depression .
depression feels like it will be forever but it is not .
i ca n't explain why but when you have depression your mind basically plays a trick on you that makes you feel as if your illness is permanent which makes you feel even more awful .
there is an app in the app store called football radio that you can use during live games pick your team and broadcast station .
i am a college student and with a promotional code i was able to get nfl sunday ticket for 20 .
gamepass comes extra for a one time payment of 50 and that allows you to watch previously aired games with all 22 access .
aside from that i used to just google titans vs insert team live stream reddit '' and boom bang you 're good to go .
the number one thing that correlates most to scoring runs which is what you want with risp is ops followed by iso .
average really does not have that much correlation at all .
not to rain on your parade but batting average with runners in scoring position has very little to do with determining runs or wins .
furthermore there is n't any evidence yet that i have seen that proves that hitting with risp is a repeatable skill or anything beyond sequencing luck or statistical variance .
its not clear that it 's something that can be improved .
it just is what it is until it is n't .
her passive will only fire when a n enemy special tile is on the board .
her red is bad as it relies on the enemy hitting you with a power and her yellow is protect tiles which are not the special tiles you want to buff .
strange is a much better 5 for pve with all his powers potentially being useful .
if you apply the same 1.81 multiplier base f150 to raptor starting prices then you get about 39k starting which is n't terrible compared to a taco trd pro
do n't have one lmao would have to grab someone off the waivers
yeah i 'd like to see some more howard but at least he 's on the field to at least sell the run unlike last week .
will go first in small amounts if you have hut rep. not a seller so i do n't have any seller rep .
i know jim did that review of dead cells and who would be crazy enough to write a review of a game they 've not played ! ? !
but he skipped over something about it in this video dead cell 's online component is a daily leaderboard for speedrunning a single pregenerated level .
even if the worst happened and someone added nintendo .
to the top of that list it would have such a vanishingly negligible impact on the game .
but no why would they bother to store that data ?
sure it still stands if you change like half '' to like a third ''
great idea that needs to be reworked or adjusted very early on .
it 's very common in games of this scale .
i love hand cannons they are my favorite gun type alongside bows now and i have to agree this is a bullshit quest too .
it is immensely luck based you basically have to lose a shit-tonne so that you get matched up with players much lower than you so that you actually have a chance of killing an incoming player with your close range weapon who most likely has their super has an overshield and can see you through fucking walls .
it 's retarded quests should be challenging but fun they should promote ruining other people 's gambit games as well by having this primary goal in mind .
this is my same complaint about the quests like complete 3 gambit matches '' this just promotes afk'ers which i 've experience already .
some will set up a script that just has them jumping up and down and moving a bit to prevent afk timeout .
yeah that 's true but the reason that i corrected op is since he has taken the number of dislikes and incorrectly stated it as a percentage of all viewers .
if you have a lucina and m marth you dont need to promote marth unless there was a buff to him im unaware of .
bk xander and l ! ike basically do everything ryoma does .
there 's no reason that i can think of to use him
i did n't mean to insinuate it was n't .
sorry i really do n't know since i bought the laptop with the 1tb hdd and 256 gb ssd .
you should cancel it and order the one with both .
the computer boots up really quick with the ssd .
hi u/hellbentnaji your post was removed because the title did not include one of the required tags .
include the tag somewhere in your title you can find your server by clicking here http i.imgur.com/kcp7r9o.png .
example na looking for friends na looking for friends wan na duo ?
if your server is one of these taiwan tw singapore malaysia sg/my thailand th indonesia id philippines ph and vietnam vn please use the tag sea .
general add this tag to lol related discussions or topics .
example general need some jungling tips general should fiora be nerfed ? etc .
warning 1 any type of advertisements must go in our weekly community promotion thread .
warning 2 do n't announce your gender in posts .
please get familiar with our subreddit rules r/leagueconnect/w/rules before posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueconnect if you have any questions or concerns .
know about rockets begin and end with it going to space being dangerous and being expensive .
both skill sets are n't that valuable in today 's nba .
if they offer drinks you could respond with something like i 'm more of an ice cream guy/gal .
how about a hike and a sundae ? plenty of people offer drinks as a default but i do n't think they would be upset with a counteroffer .
yeah but the problem with that is no doctor that 's been seeing the same guy for the past 40 years wants to break the news to an old 80 year old man hes to blind to drive .
if i was passerbys i 'd would just turn a blind eye those machines are a complete scam set up to wow people into a false sense of hope of winning an actual prize but in reality only have something like a .01 of winning anything
it 's so frustrating to see this because we know the potential the character has .
my only consolation is that in other non-comic media dick is getting pretty good representation .
but man i have n't been this disheartened by the state of affairs for nightwing in comics in a while .
did n't they say something about it being intended and a balancing decision ?
the slr being a better version of the sks while being harder to find .
i 'm not sure if i read the other thread correctly but could see that being the case since they 're so similar .
even if you find a home breeder this happens .
i just gave away about 40 guppies and stocked with a few new males and females .
after awhile the quality of fish is n't spot on .
i since bought a nice angel fish to help in population control for me and the health of the tank .
some make it as heavily planted but all can not because of things like this happening .
ramos said other players had more marketing by that he meant ronaldo who is an underwear seller🤣
i started going this year and it 's been a timely lifesaver for a number of reasons .
it 's not for everyone but it is pretty good .
edit but you should have the large club and dragon tooth .
either of these will be pretty good though they are far slower than you are used to .
that is definitely scummy but at least that was prior '' notice albeit short notice .
this change had no notice which even violates their own tos ...
why support means whatever i say it is and if you disagree with what i consider support well then youre a racist bigoted classist misogynist homophobe . ''
how about working on not being a garbage person and then worry about supporting others .
kleefisch went on the record saying that it was clear that the foxconn deal was a good one because we did n't give them their full ask . ''
cool i 'll be voting democratic down the board because they represent how i feel about women 's rights healthcare labor rights and will work to reinstall government watchdogs that protect our environment and economy .
that would be more rack mountable but how would that be cheaper and more efficient ?
i dont see how closing the dryer door is something that cant be done everytime .
this might be the most pathetic thing i 've ever read .
please review our rules https www.reddit.com/r/needadvice/comments/7t9z20/updated_rules_please_read_as_we_have_some_new_ones and contact the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fneedadvice subject=please+approve+my+submission message=i+am+requesting+approval+of+my+submission+at+https www.reddit.com/r/needadvice/comments/9gqz62/what_would_be_a_good_criteria_for_if_one_should/. btn if this is an error .
remember we ca n't approve a submission that you delete .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
mr toaster i think you should call the ambulance because i about to faint
first people shouldn't be mean to people they like when they 're past the age of 10 it does n't mean that they 're not .
so let me get this straight you were moving away from him and he did n't take it well .
then you initiated a break up and he felt bad crossing you on the street .
totally not defending his behavior by the way but i must ask ... have you once asked him how he feels ?
just be aware that i15 the major freeway through town north and south is undergoing major renovation .
20 minute travel times are now at 40 minutes plus .
the worst of it is supposed to be done by thanksgiving with some additional work going on for up to a year .
been preloading for 2 years and 10 months with the new contract i would make the same as a new hire .
22.4 for less money less protections work weekends no thanks .
i have actually told my t that some aspects about my depressives episodes are manipulative .
i and her believe that i have bipolar too no official diagnosis tho .
and i think my depressives episodes are not manipulative .
but some stuffs i do in them are mostly and only to my t actually .
i really feel like sometimes when i talk to her about my depression or my sf or suicidal thoughts i 'm actually trying to manipulate her .
i have never lied about it i do have those horrible feelings and sometimes i tell her about them as just a way to share my experiences or a cry for help or trying to make her understand me .
but sometimes i tell her those stuffs in a different tone ...
i really think sometimes i 'm manipulative about it .
and i think she has knew that from the first time i did it .
but she never told me and i appreciate that .
i was the first one bringing the topic into session .
and when i brought it it was very judgmental against me .
like i 'm such a horrible person that i try to manipulate the person that is actually trying to help me i do n't deserve you i 'm horrible '' .
i mentioned me trying to manipulate her a few times before she felt like it was really '' time to talk about it .
i think part of me insisted so much about it because i wanted her to tell me no no you are not being manipulative you are not horrible '' .
that i was sometimes manipulative about my pain because it was the only way people around could listen to me because no-one had never listened to me because no one had never listened or cared about me being in pain .
i am sometimes manipulative with her because when i was young the only way i managed to be listened about my pain was by manipulating adults around me that were too deep in their own pain/shit to otherwise listen to me/notice that i needed help/love/care .
it 's the only way young me managed to survive .
so it 's the way young inner me '' knows it kind of work '' .
i think your t made a mistake by telling you that so soon in your therapy .
i appreciate a lot that mine was patient enough to let me be the first to come to that conclusion before she talked about it .
i also know that they are t 's around there that have a way more direct/painful i do n't know how to call it approach and it 's a full technique to kind of push '' their clients than mine ... her approach is way more patient and also long-term at least with me it has been this way .
i think your t may have made a mistake trying to push you out of your time instead of waiting for you or at least waiting for your relationship to be stronger .
but it could have been an honest mistake she could have believed that this would be helpful for you .
i think it 's important that your next session you talk about it .
i remember once very at the beginning my t tried to push me into a topic and i just lost my mind and reacted very violent to her .
my very clear and violent reaction was actually very helpful she understood that she needed to wait a bit and push less for the moment .
i think you need to be very clear to your t about how you felt about this so she can learn about you and how much she can/should push and how much she must wait and work on the relationship .
of course as the others already said if you tell her all your feelings about it and her reaction is not appropriate then you may want to change therapists .
but give her the chance to know how you felt and give her the chance to repair .
after all she does n't know you well enough yet to know what your timing is how much you can stand to be pushed how much you feel comfortable with her etc etc .
what the actual kind of witchcraft australian convicted felon backwards barnyard ass backwards bullshit is this
yeah that 's pretty obscure stuff have n't heard of any of them .
so you either need them on your side at the end via strong alliances or you need to win-over their respect for the way you played the game ... socially physically mentally .
so as much as mat was blindsided by benji he most likely respects that gameplay
it lacks the double strike but if you 're casting it with this out and/or on a cyclops you 're probably getting it big enough anyway .
eh i think 6 mvps are too low btw .
and come on now only 8 sbs ? ? ?
are you out of your freaking mind ? ! ? ! ?
at least 12 sbs and that 's only if our d is horrendous .
was watching this on youtube this morning and my smile got bigger and bigger as the song went on and the end with a heart full of pride for them all said you nailed it sunshine '' could n't be more happier for them
man i 'm over here trying to get off on someone else 's semantic victory and you attack me personally .
i need this to cope with the crippling loss of my childhood .
i 've been watching two best friends play dmc1 and i love how excited they are for 5 .
they were talking about how dante takes nothing seriously and then they were like yeah in 5 you 'd think he 's mature now but nope ...
he 's just like ‘i 'm old ! ! !
the money was supposed to be immediate in the form of being on one of tv 's biggest shows and whatever fame came with that .
she did n't like donald and she would have never slept with him had he not been the rich celebrity he was .
he had something she wanted fame from a television program in exchange for sex .
i was being super dumb about the wand not entering the uterus .
super motivating to keep on chugging as i get closer to a huge conference and finding a new job as quickly as humanly possible as things implode .
although it was super expensive i think my massage and facial were worth starting out the week on a great note and getting my shit together .
making chili today and trying metcon classes tonight kcko !
it is entirely unsurprising for u/kronograf to be delighting us with this incredibly editorialized headline .
similar to the rant alfian posted a few days ago about nas daily .
in truth if your entire metier is professional victimhood then nas daily 's endlessly optimistic outlook is kryptonite .
i think it 's more likely that alfian 's massive ego is bruised by the immense social reach that nas has with his vlogs .
i 'm very much familiar with 'black face ' .
this is a kid trying to emulate his hero .
you are right its pretty big news for the xrp asset long term at least but in my opinion its good news for ethereum as well because it quickly makes large financials more comfortable with digital assets and the adoption of ethereum that much more easier going forward .
it undermines the bitcoin is digital gold and the only use case of crypto narrative also .
cause spawning 5 feet closer at pure randomness is a lot better ?
players using planes to get to a certain point and then bail ?
the current version is n't perfect by any means .
laugh.mp3 laughing about errors committed by fellow humans makes us feel superior and helps us action bond '' with other humans who have not made such errors .
us humans sure are despicable and definitely deserve enslavement by a superior race .
hog rider is neither getting one again just for the record ...
3-4 mark snap use bloody thread mark of death and wisp .
blink smash is better when all hits land if you ca n't land all his cus boss too small second smash is better .
hell at that point i 'd been up for 6 hours .
united defensively is under question this season so far .
i always said that it was because of how reserved our play was across the park in recent years anyway rather than having a particularly good defence in terms of both quality and organisation .
this season we 've looked more offensive thank god and it 's exposed the defence .
i hope we continue personally and look to address the defence when we can .
we 'll probably concede more in the meantime though .
it also means lukaku might get better returns although he 's not particularly sharp at the best of times and i would n't say he 's in form right now .
i am considering him myself though next to aguero .
i ca n't decide if that or aguero zaha mitro is better .
i 'm hearing a lot of anecdotes to the contrary .
i wonder if it 's more the profile than overall quantity of traffic .
but at the same time i 've seen this happen at too many edus to think i 'm wholly wrong .
i do n't suppose any of those thousands-behind firewalls are at academic locations are they ?
you 're post was removed because of 2:48 where a written message asking users to like share and subscribe pooped up .
we do not allow the advertising of your personal channels be it facebook youtube twitter etc .
though i wish i got a 33 after a bit of stretch and a bit of weight loss .
an insane amount of people die waiting for help in this country .
i do n't see how no service at all is a better alternative then .
right now everything is egyptian if its just slightly middle-eastern i want arabian or persian thematics .
i do n't understand the logistics of these things .
surely adam does n't have enough juice to sell the whole ship right ?
so are there normal passengers on there not part of the acs group ?
or are there other themes going on at the same time ?
imagine booking a quiet getaway for two and the boat is crawling with guys yelling man show ! !
it does n't have to be one or the other .
a mystery with really slick action scenes would be great .
i 'll try that within the future we 've got so many bottles here hah
what would you say are the 5 similarities between the highest profit sites you broker ?
i 'd like to get back into e-commerce on the side and would like to build my company 's strategy in-line with your advice .
opinion cinemassacre used to be an awesome channel until these people like ryan and screenwave came on the channel and fucked it up .
i loved cinemassacre when it was just james mike bootsy and kyle .
but why did screenwave have to get into his videos .
haha probably not and this job had multiple slots open for the same position .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
til some girls actually do fall for 'accidental ' dick pics .
i work 10.5 hour days but typically only 3.5 days a week .
most of our educators work 9.5 hours with an hour lunch but some do 7.5 hours with the hour lunch .
the jobs are out there but probably not easy to find .
perhaps you could find a before and after school split shift that would allow you to take classes mid-day ?
i know we often have a hard time finding people for those shifts .
wonder what 's the story with the 3rd guy still on leave ?
he calls it if everything goes right time-line '' which is a fair benchmark .
lots of things will go wrong or take longer so we should expect it to take longer .
pathfinder should auto-unlock at pre-patch to the next expansion .
no need for another gold sink we already spend 20k on mount training as it is
i do n't think you figured that one out without stackoverflowing the problem yourself the first time so i 'm pretty sure it does n't count as an extremely simple '' procedure anymore .
never renaming or moving xcode and keep them all in a separate folder makes life so much simpler .
got mine early 2016 after trading in my xb1 .
i do n't feel any need to upgrade to the pro so i 'll rock it until quite a bit into the ps5
sorry your recent post https redd.it/9gubg4 still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
i want it too but the people who will pay dearly for it will be you and me and other ordinary schnooks like us .
not the people who deserve to face their karma .
suchandsuch absolutely demolishes whosowhat '' click link well i 'm sorry we disagree ! '' ..
i know that but why was nintendo mad when wizards tried making their own english cards which never release in japan ?
the recent updates are actually really decent class balance has literally never been better than it is now both pvp and pve are profitable for once rather than just one or the other the current dungeons are pretty damn fun and the new skills coming out add a lot of fun flair for each class .
ktera just revamped gathering and crafting and even added a new fishing skill similar to bdo 's fishing where you can either actively fish or afk fish for less results .
but in combination with the fact that players are just burning out over time north american publishers have just done a really poor job managing and most people would rather quit than switch to eu and have to start all over again when progressing from 0 to best in slot can take months of grinding if not more if you 're not spending a dime on the game .
if you were to ask trump about our coffee i 'm sure that would be his opinion .
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
i 'm glad that sub is dying i always found it r/totallynotfunny
this is very broad and the terms network config .
there are literally thousands of both possible and correct answers to this question .
sounds like this is for a test relating to a specific field and you have no idea what you 're doing ...
he does that choppy shit just to change it up once and awhile but goes back to the flow .
packers merch is sold along side with bears merch in stores .
i would you say that 1 out every 7 nfl fan around here is a packers fan .
i believe canon is that she could be julian 's .
we know julian and her hooked up and we never get a patrinity test so
her issues page definitely addresses her position on various issues .
i do n't think that there 's literally schizophrenia genes '' or depression genes '' etc but if there 's people in your family that are mentally ill you can have a genetic predisposition towards it which just means that it 's easier for you to develop a mental illness of your own .
i think the most important thing to remember is today in s. louisiana the humity was 100 and the heat index was 103 degrees and my garage beer fridge faces south west .
if you think we like opie anthony or jim you are sorely mistaken .
i 'm not going to argue your specific circumstances as each person is different .
most people do n't require extra iron and the ones that do will find that red meat is a better source than pills .
lifting will help a bit but surgery is probably the best option for permanent and lasting results
come to litchfield ... we have a beautiful vineyard in goshen and a chocolate shop where the owner makes her treats from the cows on her farm ... also nodines smokehouse ... so good ... in bantam we have the arethusa companies where the fellows that own manolo blahnik shoes have opened a dairy icecream shop and two other restaurants featuring their local produce and dairy ... we have beautiful bakeries and shopping ... down the road in morris we have white flower farm and white memorial where there are beautiful hikes including a boardwalk through the sanctuary
a bag of puppies bread with rocks in the bottom .
about as well as anything else but remember in a grav bong the smoke gets a bit stale your either gunna end up wasting some or you 're really gunna have to have some lungs of steel to finish your hit
i asked and he actually stated he would tell non party members .
she claimed 4 people were in the room now its 2 .
she also never named anybody in the therapists notes .
because shes a far-left democrat activist hoping to delay the confirmation until after the midterms .
what she wanted was to ruin trumps appointment of a scotus judge because shes mentally ill .
the only person whose character is being assassinated here is the honorable judge brett kavanaugh .
i believe all victims which is why i believe the only victim here kavanaugh .
that was pretty good even without being able to understand korean .
i think the rounded look is very 90 's styled .
i think there are some improvements on the old look but this is n't quite what i would say is an improvement .
still i 'm getting used to it and it 'll probably be a moot point in a few months .
either that or firefox will have become my main browser i 'm using it right now .
should i buy fathered flyer or wait for the dragon ?
i like the nice paint detail on the cw render though .
this one has the stylings and lines for orca to make sense .
for picks and the 140 million dollars a year worth of other players .
not exactly but i get what you 're trying to say
well its not up to him to worry about how others are performing .
let the coach be the coach and just do your job .
thank you for your submission but it has been removed due to lack of context .
please find include a url or a screenshot so that we can better know what you 're talking about and increase your chances for getting an answer .
please remember to include the full url url shorteners do n't count .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/outoftheloop if you have any questions or concerns .
i ride in both and i definitely get close calls more in traffic .
plus the work out sucks because lights are longer .
now that summer is over i will go back the the way better afternoon rides !
i ca n't argue with you because your argument is exactly the same one people use against the trans community .
but i believe that eventually people who identify as furry '' or otherkin '' or whatever else you want to call them will be accepted as having a legitimate difference in identity .
i do n't think he 'd be cut out to make the hard decisions..
the sort of decisions where there 's no right answer and you 're the villain either way .
i 've made more friends at a job i 've had for less than a month than i 've made at school in the passed year
i feel like a need a tinfoil hat but also so many professionals and reasoned arguments that i probably don't need a tinfoil hat ?
you need to examine where your ideas of what constitutes 'self ' come from .
you need to examine how the words you say to describe the world around you and to describe yourselves affects your perception of reality .
u/alis0411 please ensure the title contains the subreddit name in brackets at the beginning of the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn if you have any questions or concerns .
the only thing i hope is for them to permutate my dupes on just one banner so i can draw on the others
ah right i see thanks for pointing that out .
just have few more questions though and i 'll be fine after that .
1 will i be charged for my usage of the vm at the end of each day or will i be charged at the end of the month including storage costs ?
2 regarding storage costs correct me if i 'm wrong but is is true that i am only charged for the storage that i 'm using if i use only 80gb out of 512gb i 'm only charged for the 80gb ?
p.s i just read your username and realised it was you fliqstiq !
the best part of this is the center kid is so prepared like you can tell they 're the top student for their age range and these other kids are just assholes
we 're in that ever-broadening demographic of americans that seem to be middle class but we 're a paycheck away from financial ruin .
i noticed but i think its because some pc players use stretched fov so it seems farther than console .
if not i 'm pretty upset and i guess i spend 20 bucks for nothing
the simple fact is you will learn a lot about computers that could help you troubleshoot it in the future .
also by knowing each component that you put in the system you reduce the risk of getting some shady parts that cause your system to not be as good as it can for the money .
although an option to get prebuilt but still get quality components would be the nzxt bld program .
this game would have been managed so differently if cora found it an essential win .
i 'm laughing out loud at the image of them all trying to climb back up the pole to keep the entrance and exit the same haha .
is there any particular boxsets/movies you would recommend from arrow and bfi ?
i know that question is very open-ended but i 'm literally getting a headache from looking all these great films and i obviously ca n't buy them all .
the only ones i 'm set on picking up are the ozu movies from bfi that are n't covered by what i have from criterion .
go to youtube insteagram or the trailer post in this very sub and sort by controversial .
i 'm a big fan of yours but i was wondering if you 're going to be giving keelan cole some more attention after your last game yes he 's on my fantasy team .
i made it into the program on my third try .
i had a 3.3 gpa so i supplemented it with strong extracurriculars an improved statement of intent each year i applied strong letters of reference and many many hours of volunteer/observation experience .
if at first you do n't succeed do n't be discouraged re-applying also looks good on an application it shows commitment !
many people in the program do n't get in their first time around .
if you have any other questions please feel free to ask !
through the wire not on this list sorry but it 's a no from me
next time you 're railing her and she queefs just pause wait 5 seconds and say ewww '' .
that 'll take her down a couple of notches .
then this housing project in nyc https www.google.com/maps/place/40 c2 b042'39.6 22n+73 c2 b059'56.4 22w 40.7124375 73.9869259,336m/data ! 3m1 ! 1e3 ! 4m5 ! 3m4 ! 1s0x0:0x0 ! 8m2 ! 3d40.711 ! 4d-73.999 ? hl=en should be called nonuple-x
if it 's available they will oblige you just expect to see a eye roll or sigh when you ask .
my buddy works at an apple store and he said that 's a apple employee pet peeve
i too was really tempted to get a new phone for my coming trip .
when i get back i 'm going to purchase a bunch of cameras and might as well change the battery .
i 'd wait for the 6t to be announced then reassess .
and then of course i 've got this terrible pain in all the diodes down my left side .
my god my penis grew so fast it tore a muscle .
canelo is very fast and an excellent counter puncher which is why going for body punches and leaving your head exposed is a bad strategy especially if you can capitalize on a reach advantage with your jab .
i also think that ggg was winded in 6-7 but he stabilized enough to win the 2nd half of the fight .
he was never tired enough for canelo to actually cash in the money in the bank '' of early body punches .
nnnnnnnnnnooooooooo netflix is shit at live actions ! ! !
they 've ruined every anime live action so far this is gon na be no different ! !
let an ola take you to your destination today and your next ride could be with me !
so sorry for the late reply i 'm finally feeling much better i 'm around for the next 15-20 minutes and again tomorrow morning/early afternoon est 9:30am-noon or so if that works for ya otherwise we can work out another time
louis ck pulling his red haired cock out is still 10 times funnier than what michelle wolf or kathy griffin could ever do .
i 'd rather watch a one hour special called ck and his cock .
a red haired middle aged man with his cock in his hand .
would get a solid 8 out of 10 from me .
i agree i will be shocked if it makes another year
this feels like the always sunny episode were mac goes around inviting guys to a gay orgy at a mansion but he is so repressed he tries to pass it off as a body building get togeather .
art style length original language officially published or scanlation what happens characters etc ?
i think you mean gender flexible or gender queer when you say changing genders constantly .
i 'm not an expert on the terms but if i understand you correctly i think you mean like they dress more like a guy masculine not very dainty or feminine or whatever and they dress like a girl dresses bows pink .
but if you used the word constantly but did n't mean it in the literal sense then i got you .
as a woman who does n't openly online game anymore because it 's a misogynistic minefield thank you for saying this .
there 's probably a lot more impactful things that could be done based on how broken the justice system is .
drug decriminalization in general would be a good idea but that 's a hard sell for a country as diverse as the us .
is there something in the water that makes them retarded ?
it 's ridiculous to criticize someone for not reacting with spock-level logic in such an extreme situation
not so powerful when i whip out the word of god lol
yeah i think it 's actually a pretty good compromise if you need to compromise .
it reduces the power of government and it 's less harmful on the economy .
as of right now it 's pointless for us to comment as you probably have n't even taken any structural design classes .
continue in school for another year and it 'll be a little more clear what path you like more
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm i wonder if you think this because they are sunni ... .lol
27 is young and assuming it 's a 4 year program you 'll be out at 31 and you 'll still have so much ahead of you .
also none of what i said even matters because age does n't mean shit when getting an education .
he has n't gotten much screen time the past couple of seasons at his request but when he 's on had always hysterical .
there is no real drama like the other characters .
he 's just a bad ass kid getting through life using what he learned from his south side upbringing and his new found straight edge way of life .
you ca n't just get rid of the limit when you substitute in 1-1/x .
you are ignoring the fact that you took a limit .
really you are taking two limits one after another .
the real numbers are cauchy complete easily shown from the definition of the reals so this sequence must converge .
but both 0.999999 ... and 1 are limits of this sequence so they must be the same number .
otherwise you are contradicting the definition of the real numbers .
tl dr in the spirit of the thread title 0.999 ... is indisputably 1
glad to see the players are still loose in a tight situation .
block him everywhere and suddenly without words or warning .
interestingly and ironically sf is largely a haven for the affluent or well to do in 2018 .
or at the very least people who fall into my situation that earn a moderate income but spend a much higher percentage of their take home pay on living expenses than is reasonable .
sf does have the lowest percentage of children of any major us city .
https www.sfgate.com/mommyfiles/article/many-families-leave-san-francisco-but-what-about-10887001.php while i do envision having kids some day i ca n't imagine i would want to raise them here .
i ca n't even fathom what a pain in the ass that would be on multiple fronts .
daddy why does that man have a needle jammed in his arm ? ''
even owning a dog in this city is a massive challenge .
it 's a single panel comic expressing an opinion .
how are you so obdurately and consistently wrong about anything and everything you turn your mind to ?
she is a successful all american girl who did nothing worse than rs or bay .
i got an insta because of my interest in bugs lol .
not much of a reason to make one unless you 're a teenage girl or have a hobby p
nah probably just the same thing as those yes this is my truck no i wo n't help you move stickers .
it 's now 100 clear that you have no idea what my ideology is .
if we had to talk about dead tendencies i might actually put my money on the one that ca n't stop repeating the rumors it created as if they were facts .
if you combine self-congratulatory nonsense with a belief that others are in denial '' when they inevitably laugh at your misunderstanding well a ruthless critique '' that is not .
and self-deception about alternatives is hardly to way to maintain a robust radicalism .
in real life a trains top speed allowed is determined by its weight since that affects its ability to slow down and stop .
but since the weight also has an impact on the adhesion to the rails a unloaded train can also have problems since the downforce is smaller and breaking hard would cause the wheels to lock up which is really bad .
yea i just got my 5th line and as long as i get art556 im happy haha
r/massivecock now provides you with the opportunity to find someone to play with your massive cock .
you are encouraged to include your location and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
if interested please include your general location age and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
you posted a wrong statement and he denied it .
'nope ' is a legit answer to your 'you put your mode on solo . ''
thanks for the advice i 'll start playing pvp right away
if you are going to create a professional tips/tricks video for a large '' publication .
it should be done to the industry standard how the pc community agree that thermal paste is needed not a fancy spider web .
b-roll should be gorgeous and done with the finished product .
do n't be such an arrogant asshole that you ca n't handle being called on a lazy mediocre build with amazing parts .
do n't react in a childish way by calling people nerds on your stream .
especially when you own up to them and say hey i fucked up that 's just how i do it and these are the reasons for that '' then this would have already been brushed under the rug .
now this guy has a clip that has 45k views of him talking shit about the community that employs him watches the videos to create revenue because he did n't like our reaction .
so in the beginning you were just paying for prostitutes who agreed to be on camera ... .
wish he would 've gotten more looks after that big play .
i see where kyle is coming from switching to morris to handle the heavier runs but i still think we should have gone with the hot hand .
the longer you 're near it the more you realize how fucking horny and faded you are
not 100 what you are looking for but thinking fast and slow '' is a must if you have not read it .
i love her lips but understand what another reply said about that it 's too common these days .
i have an amp with bass and treble controls and that 's about it .
adapter fuckery looks pretty easy and as soon as my parts arrive from amazon i 'll try it out .
i hope it is n't terrible sound without the eq .
we 're going to absolutely get killed next year lol .
he 's better in lane with a strong hero like wk/ursa put ink swell on them at lvl 1 and just run up and kill anybody .
if i had the time and money i 'd totally buy it and take over .
it definitely crossed my mind but as i currently have two houses read mortgages it 's just not in the cards .
i feel the place is a tear it down and rebuild .
that 's not something i am willing to deal with .
more interested in being done with it and helping my parents transition into an apartment and spending time with my mom while she 's still around .
because fairy tail is established as an ok target to criticize
once a manga get circlejerked a certain way there 's not much hope for it in this community .
people will choose the cheapest possible option every time without reading the fine print .
wow ... did the drop out rate slow down drastically after that ?
yea you have told me nothing i did n't know already .
i do n't think there is any person who does n't understand why the first space trip is a lot more expensive than the first commercial flight .
my point was actually about the sheer amount of money owned and being spent and how this huge amount is not comparable to the other prices .
but of course i understand why the price tag is so high .
an ill informed triggered snowflake is the worst kind of snowflake lol .
uhhh i think the only word they both used is ‘this . '
if i can i use contactless cards with under 25€ purchases current contactless limit in here .
there was talk to raise that limit tho so i 'm waiting this to happen .
almost every place accepts that here and it 's become standard here when paying items .
as inconvenience i have to use my pin rarely .
when paying for gas car/motorcycle i tend to use mobile apps for that if available .
little faster to use than card and with motorcycle you do n't have to get off while fueling .
i can count couple year cash payments with one hand .
if it ever got lost i get push notification to phone whenever purchase is made and i can use my banking app to close card .
and i keep my wallet with me all the time so there is only small change of that getting lost .
i changed to that because it looks good and it 's little more functional and smaller than my old aluminium wallet .
sorry i copy-pasted this from a website and did n't check the lyrics .
we started dating and i decided to break up with her because she did things that made her seem like not the best kind of person .
we still talk to each other occasionally but not as much as we did before we started dating .
i 've always gone through this cycle of having two best friends .
i 've always had friend groups but there are always two guys .
two guys i spend a lot of time with and share the kind of things that you only share with a best friend .
i do n't do this consciously or at least i do n't think i do but i always find myself in the same situation .
in elementary school let 's call them travis and chandler .
then they went to different middle schools so i found two new friends let 's call them conor and colby .
then in high school they developed different interests than the ones i was developing so i found lets call them richard and caleb .
caleb and i went to the same college but i took a gap year and changed my major twice so i am still in college and caleb graduated .
richard and i still live in the same town and we hang out once or twice a week and go hiking out of town once a month .
caleb and i have grown distant and i do n't know if there is a way to reignite the connection we had ... richard and i have grown distant too but i never want to lose him as a friend .
i love him like a brother and we have been there for each other through what the kid 's might call real shit '' .
change is what drove me away from these people who i thought i could not live without but change also brought me into the embrace of new companions .
i will always fondly remember the good times and i wait to see what new paths fate will allot to me in the future .
you are aware if you pull him you 'll have to get a ylgr too right ?
at least clinton used bots in trump 's case he 's actually being used by bots https www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-quote-bots-twitter-2016-4 https www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-quote-bots-twitter-2016-4
not that it 's your business but there 's a lot of that going on too !
i just grew up and realized they were n't my real friends .
they only needed me for stuff and were never there for me .
i 'd suggest spending some time on something that might help you with the effects of the palsy like feldenkrais .
it 's not the only one that might help but it 's probably the most accessible one .
otherwise i 'd look at one of the internal arts .
they wo n't cure the spasms but will help you to work around them .
try playing against a good player who plays pup .
i promise it 's not as predictable as you think .
i 'm saying that his stealth adds too much pressure for multiple turns without thinking .
god knows why they made the pads green and flex material bright af
honestly i hope you guys have a breakout season similar to the avalanche of last year .
gila river is a cool arena and westgate is just awesome .
our elves dip their arrows in the potion for sneak attacks .
if most of your opponent is in ur you 'll be behind the competition .
magical mob in dc1 has 3 lv 268 274 290 .
after lv 280 you have to jump to face 290 mobs with 5m hp .
i 've seen paladin with full sr around 110k atk facing lv 314 mob only does 1 hp every basic atk unkillable but way too slow .
150k atk is enough achieveable in sr for dps and in 320 patch there 's talisman too to boost atk .
do n't make any excuses on why you can smoke weed and get your work done .
even if getting high is n't your problem or whatever excuse you can come up with it 's just not a fucking productive thing .
you are smart because your parents raised you well you did your homework you were read to you had help etc .
i must be either really depressed or have broken neurotransmitters .
i feel bad looking at the prices then feel bad spending the money very low to moderate levels of excitement during opening and then back to feeling bad because i partake in this nonsense .
i just ca n't stand playing rng systems designed against me in favour of the house .
spending hard earned money for a negative consistency is bull .
about a year ago we actually made a joke '' out of buying activision blizzard stocks and then whenever they grew we would sell off the top and buy hearthstone card packs with the profits the joke was that we were going to make the whales pay for our packs .
funny but those gains are taxed and a little volatile so it was mostly just for laughs and feelgood .
1 would be oyasumi punpun but that 's a manga so ... w/e i guess
out of all the old game companies that went under i think i missed interplay the least .
for some reason their name never stuck in my head as a developer and i 've always seen them just as a distributor and publisher .
was a bit surprised when i scrolled through this thread and learned that they 've actually made games themselves and then i was even more surprised to see that i 've even played a few of them .
yep it could be but spacex decided that the work to certify fh for human flight was not worth it .
the falcon series will be eliminated once the bfr series is going at full steam .
account creation has already been updated to use the latest recaptcha .
like let me spell it to you you stop paying insurance instead you pay the government taxes but you pay less money .
this extra money that magically will go into your pocket was going into the bureaucracy of insurance before .
instead of checken the ledger every fking time doing math to know who got the most troops .
just woke up at 2am to what i 'm pretty sure it 's a stomach virus .
we can see it as a wetwork run but it 's not an illegal black op done by a crew and it is not ordered by a megacorp just a cop doing his job .
he investigates but not like a legwork just a regular cop investigation .
for me the only shadowrunesque part is its cyberpunk setting .
'' i feel like having a cookie right now ... ''
not only they are ten times more popular they have huge media following .
other person who commented is probably on the west coast so they said tomorrow
so the dmc-12 's with stripes on the side are factory ?
i tried keto a few weeks ago and i had a headache the entire first week and was very cranky .
i got over it eventually but i realized after doing more research that you 're really putting your body in a weird position by trying to force ketosis and i would n't be surprised if there were longer term side effects so i quit in favor of a low carb diet instead .
i have almost everything but it 's super boring to get the mop bucket for the 20th time .
maybe they could have different npc cookies like isabelle and reese cookies too .
and phase out the timmy/tommy so that the odds for bell cookies remain the same .
i 'm sorry it did n't work out for you however i hope you 're on the path to a sustainable diet that leads to an even better you .
i do home alone locking the doors and closing the blinds .
after i check under the beds in the closets and every room .
if i had give a number i 'd say it would reduce 10 resistance to 7 .
normally weak in a game means you take double damage .
and since a given rank is twice as powerful as it 's lower rank that would mean an attack you are weak against it a rank more powerful against you .
a three rank difference means something you are weak against is eight !
i would personally just hope to actually get a useful draw then ... anything will do lmao .
thing is the art college does n't have it at all game art 3d animation
my teacher in institute forced me to took one lesson with programm about learning blind typing and i can even type in english not my native language without watching at keyboard
an agent will never turn down free money . ''
if you 're calling up any of these agents and tell them you 've booked a job and would like them to negotiate it they should jump at the opportunity .
it may be a one time offer from some or a bridge to full rep from another .
but if you 're walking in there with free money for them and all they have to do is get the paperwork to you and back to the client they 'd be dumb not to take it .
i think you would have a very easy time with that through avo or atlas .
but that 's one hell of an ice breaker for any agent/actor meeting .
hi i 'm looking for rep oh and here 's this big job i already booked and you can just have . ''
you can just create a backup copy on your hard drive and wait for some hackers to release a crack .
no kids of my own but currently in an evaluation phase .
i 've come to terms with the various reasons i had about it earlier and am currently left with the simple fact that i do n't feel it '' whatever that means .
it 's like an absurd situation where i could just as easily say yes as no but at the same time i 'm aware of the insane responsibility of having one and so believe that it should be something i know i want .
it 'd suck bigtime if i went for fuck it let 's give it a try '' and come out on the other end realizing i hate being a parent .
anyone who have been in a similar situation could you provide me with some ...
i lost my airpods charging case a few months ago .
i just popped my airpods into the new case and the they worked .
since apple also sells a single airpod replacement i 'm guessing it would work with a used one as well .
we had a legendary war when i ordered the whole team to defend .
but 10 flag defenders and 5 jail guards were impenetratable and our warriors fought a long waiting game until everyone was jailed .
probably because we 're so used to it that we do n't see it .
i was reading some silly star trek book about klingons shush i know and it offhandedly mentioned that klingon males like humans are 20 larger than the females .
it baffled me at the time because i had never really thought about it that way .
we expect sexual dimorphism to be all about plumage and horns but never look at ourselves .
is it just me that would feel nauseated from getting that offered to me ?
last thing i think about when mid exercise is eating something and specialy greasy junk food i 'd be surprised if he did n't puke it at the finish line
yeah that 's why this community calls quitting the game going hollow '' .
sunrise changes over the course of the year meaning 7:00 monday would not be 24 hours away from 7:00 tuesday .
who would even be stupid enough to drop a grand on a fucking bogo
since .10 i am no longer able to hotkey my aim to lmb and shoot to rmb .
i can shoot with rmb but unable to use lmb to aim .
just take a moment to reflect and pause on how luckily you are to eat today ... better than a prayer
unfortunately your submission has been removed because your comment karma is not high enough or your account is too new .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
please do not message us there are no exceptions for this .
if you 're a new user you 'll have to make some comments and interact with the community then try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cars if you have any questions or concerns .
i know it happens but it 's by no means a general rule my wife and i generally kick each other into gear to organise the next chat with an old friend rather than discouraging connections out of jealousy or whatever
i did shed a couple when i had kids cause you then ask yourself if their adult behaviour is if a standard you 'd want your kids to ever emulate and sometimes it 's nooooope
also he does n't need to sign with them .
why would he sign with a team that benches him when he will surely have an offer to start somewhere else .
milotic is my favorite water type so i i 'll always say milotic .
i went setnetting in kodiak this summer and met the pilot !
when i confronted him about the film he said oh shit man i thought everyone forgot about that '' and just continued on talking about something else !
also yeah timothy treadwell is crazy as shit but his love for bears and nature is pretty cool .
ever tried opening up the pearl shop and leaving it on the interior section .
floor or walls i 've found that this helps from keeping my client crashing .
it 's definitely a different game though in my personal experience the game was not something that i found myself sitting down and playing daily as it takes a little more brainpower to grind/get exp when compared to ms1
stop talking about cross breading of races thanks to jewish influence soros and other bs .
but why am i even talking to an account that was inactive for years ...
it works when i uninstall noctis but i need noctis .
surely they knew they were not going to hire you .
doctors lining up round the corner to take over the triage nurse 's job ... s
i graduated in the early 2000s and we had a no-pda rule that included hand holding .
all depended on which instructors saw you though a lot did n't care
i 'd probably kill myself if i had to hang out with you
i would you sound like a huge unsupportive prick .
ghost is still used in bridgespam log bait 3m and more .
apparently it 's against electoral regulations to predict how this is going to go !
only if you 're recognised as a media organisation and polls are currently open
just tell her to look at the colour coding it 's pretty simple .
the only thing i 'm interested if they fixed the game so it doesnt lag or drop frames like a little bitch on my expensive gtx 1060 .
but this dude is supposedly there for a more long term stay studying and that 's an entirely different matter altogether .
getting into/out of the fpga will cost at least 40-50ns .
it said my account was n't old enough to post in this subreddit
i think you read it from left to right but skip over the straight faced leader .
around level 30 and doing phnom nhon story arc is normal .
i just smelled mine and i could see how you would think mashed potatoes lol but i did n't think of that first
its fine to copy a setting for a game but if your going to copy the story then whats the point of them turning up when they can just play the game ?
for example i ran a game based around baldur 's gate however the concept was that if the time of troubles was a massive global event then what was happening in the sword coast while gorians ward was away fighting in amn .
i had my own bbeg and important npc that formed the backbone of the story but re-used locations and background npc 's .
most people just call me cat that 's unique and it makes me feel special .
did you edit this all by yourself with your own assets ?
i do however feel like this is n't as polished as it could be .
scenes feel stitched together and not coherent but i could n't make out why .
maybe it 's because the dialogue is a bit uncreative very direct .
try the old 'show do n't tell ' rule .
probably not i 've never seen a big kid mininuke but it sounds pretty powerful and even if her aura tanks the blast she would likely be killed by the radiation .
idk if you need a vpn to watch these shows but wellington paranornal is free to watch on tvnz.co.nz
on some of those weird things just turn on their ghost and try to follow .
to be fair the cayman s is already near perfect imo but i still ca n't wait to see what the new supra brings to the table .
the real strong points of the manga is the parts after both anime seasons where things really start to escalate .
well i saw a lot of people complaining on the forums warframe and a bit on steam about that when i searched about it it seems thats around since the release of the sanctuary funny enough there was a bug thread made by de for the sanctuary update and theres a lot of people complaing about that and i dont know if they actually know its there and cant fix or it happens so rarely that they dont give a shit about it .
just letting out a good sigh and fuck '' simultaneously .
i eventually realized that she was completely consumed with caring about every aspect of her life but could n't care less about mine .
i was basically a prop for her to look like she had friends .
i ca n't remember what the last straw was but when she realized i was withdrawing she flipped out at me .
not because she actually cared if i was in her life but because i was in her wedding pictures and it would be embarrassing for her to explain to her then-days-old son that mommy is n't still friends with the lady on the right.
please post a doggy pic and i will forgive you for everything
ik denk dat het ook aan het beeld ligt dat het volk heeft van asielzoekers en wie hier wel of niet mogen blijven .
de schrijnende gevallen zijn vaak ook niet de gevallen met de meeste potentie .
de mensen die zich voorbereid hebben op hun reis naar nederland daarin geïnvesteerd hebben werk maken van inburgering taal en eigenlijk behoorlijk wat ondernemersschap laten zien noemen we economische vluchtelingen en gaan dan retour .
first season of chuunobyou is much better than the original source with kyoani applying their magic and adding two new characters that the original source author then picked up because ... they where that good .
k-on is more an original anime than the adaptation of the the source for the quantity and quality of the original extra scenes added .
in general a good number of adaptation of kyoani they really add always something when they adapt a source .
is there any way to sim a disc priest ?
if i use raidbots it will tell me the mastery stat weight is literally zero because it doesnt give me any dps
as long as its optional i think it would be a good change .
i 've been playing montagne almost exclusively for months now and i can not imagine switching to toggle instead of hold to extend .
she waited too long to tell anyone about a nonrape .
be careful what you propose a lot of folks in marin just might like it .
i mean it 's not like they have to work in the city any more .
that 's the answer i 've been looking for !
it 's the robotic button pressing that 's wearing me out .
and i might just learn some new shortcuts underway thanks !
of you do decide to take your bumper off make sure to order a big ass bag of those plastic pop in clips off amazon .
from experience they 're dirt cheap and you 're gon na break a bunch .
there 's t1 ships that have bonuses to really powerful ewar like damps and tds these can be useful to get rid of overwhelming odds
i 'm kind of late to the comment thread but i just want to point out that combat roles in the military are actually pretty scarce even in the marines and army i think .
i joined the af in 2007 and to this day have only deployed twice both times i stayed inside the wire on big air bases .
granted i am in a non combat job as a aircraft mechanic .
do n't know the percentages for the other branches though i 'd bet they are similar .
i find it not only incorrect but somewhat mislead in spirit .
the top 1 of americans is the global bourgeois ?
asking mages for table couple of times no response/water/table .
'after asking you 7 times for water/table and you did n't gave me any i decided you prefer to heal yourself with your food '
how does it rank in difficulty compared to the other extremes ?
i love the british show i find it so calming .
a little late here but there was a mentally unstable man laying in the middle of a street .
this street had a lot of passing traffic and cars would drive fast sometimes .
there 's a lot of homeless in the area so i thought it was just a crazy druggy homeless person .
some people noticed him and trying to get him off the street to which he got in an argument with them all the while still laying on the street .
during the argument the guy pulled his tie tighter and made a strangling motion .
he turned red from trying to strangle himself then went back to just laying in the middle of the street .
at first i hesitated to call thinking he would just go away and finish his high elsewhere .
in the area emergency personnel get called all too often for someone who is sleeping off a high or acting up or they called only to get there and person is gone .
he finally got up and i thought good for him .
then he tried moving one of these big bans that business/complexes have into the street .
he failed and decided to hide behind it or rest not sure .
at this point i thought he was going to keep trying to cause trouble unless he was stopped .
i call 911 explain what has been happening and as i 'm on the call the dude takes off .
i tell the dispatch where the guy is walking towards and hang up .
a couple mins later guy comes back and starts walking in an alley directly in my line of vision .
i see a police cruiser drive by past the guy and notice him .
they reverse noticing him and i point him out letting them know i made the call .
they get out to assess the situation talking to guy from a distance .
i took my eye off what was happening for a sec and could n't hear the convo but my attention was caught when i saw the officer run to his car for something then the two officers run towards guy .
a couple minutes later a lot more cruisers and paramedics show up .
turns out guy to some sort of blade out when the officers were talking to him .
the officers provided medical attention right away with what they had applying pressure to cuts and he survived .
still do n't know if i helped prevent a suicide or made the call that pushed him to the edge of cutting himself .
either way i hope he got the help he needed .
tdrl or whatever it is guy seemed like druggy causing a ruckus laying in middle of street .
ends up cutting his throat and wrists when the cops show up .
i will confirm my ex used to fucking love it .
add it into your oral skillset and combine with what you already do .
of course it 's not just sucking but as part of the whole act yeah it 's worked well in my experience
my dog running like a crazy lunatic in the snow towards me .
a neighbor said that he opened his garage and deangelo was in his driveway close to the garage door itself .
he looked stunned and clumsily jumped on his bike and took off .
a human being has no responsibility to pay it forward '' for being born they had no choice .
a parent takes on the responsibility of providing for a child when they choose to have one .
a game is a game do n't need to shoe-horn in stories and conversations because all it 'll do is ruin immersion of the gameplay .
something like tetris does n't have or need a story but you 'll notice it does n't have any characters either .
i can guarantee you 'll find something you 'll like in black ops 4
there 's multiplayer were u can go against online players or bots
there 's zombies if u want round based survival on pretty awesome maps
and there 's battle royale obviously and everyone knows what that is like
oh man she was such a bitch i actually felt kim 's anger .
i hope she serves her ass with whatever plan she 's gon na use for huell
ah yeah that 's what a friend and i did on the tempered kirin quest for a bit .
one of the event goals is to acquire 3 accessories .
wow you can have as much of friends expedition going ?
we are here for discussion and just hitting the button lacks nuance and stifles conversation .
i 've literally never seen anyone else reference hawken .
really though plain old damage abilities are n't much better even if they do n't tick the i make your stack completely pointless '' box .
drax ds 3 more ha ha your team is a joke
the thoughts come by every once in a while and they may get you down depending on the matter .
but if you keep focusing the days go by and one day you 'll think about the issue and it will have no effect on you .
or at least it wo n't bother you as much .
i am a very emotional person and i easily cry while talking or just by thinking of certain events or issues .
but when i try to move on from them i know that what i 'm doing is working when i can talk about the thing '' and not cry anymore .
from that point on i know that i 've moved on .
for me it helps in the sense that it temporarily lifts my head out of the black hole for long enough to clear some thoughts .
that and it makes depressing mundane tasks almost fun .
i 'm sure you already thought of this and do n't want it but i just wanted to chime in that i do love russel ulysses !
i looked for it and found the page i 'm certain that i found the list from but the page also said that if the schools open the rules apply so yea you are .
i liked the time anomoly thing used to show glint and eir working together some closure for me on eir 's story there i did n't care about braham 's reunion but that was there too i guess .
the time anomaly was great i especially loved it used hot masteries in the jungle one .
i really feel like they missed an opportunity to at least hint at some malyck/sylvari lore .
it did n't have to be the whole thing but man that was a missed chance to show us something we 've wanted for so long .
maybe it 's there and i just missed it ?
i really loved how much elonian characters played a role in this episode .
the story is the best when it focuses on the characters closest to the events we are playing through and it was nice to see the different factions of elona take center stage .
following on from that the new deadeye character hits that elonian itch as well as another she 's a character that actually represents the worshipper of balthazar story without being totally evil .
i wish she had been around since the beginning of pof she carries the balthazar story so much better than kasmeer ever did .
i 'm glad another aspect of the balthazar story has been brought into the main cast even if it 's after his fall .
the nostalgia factor in jahai and sun 's refuge is really great .
one of the devs mentioned that the designer of the original gw1 map worked on the gw2 map and it really shows .
it was so great exploring and investigating the way the world had changed and not so much ! .
sun 's refuge gives me similar vibes to the final room of season 2 where we use divine fire to open the door to the shadow of the dragon fight .
there all kinds of throwbacks to gw1 in this map i think i even saw a drake feeding event ?
but it still feels like an exciting place to explore the new lore of gw2 as well .
the place where joko was originally freed has an event with a mesmer pretending to be joko .
she does n't die when defeated but i 'm curious to see more to that story .
maybe it 's an unpopular opinion but i was n't sad to see blish go .
i also kinda hope they do n't back down on taimi .
she deserves to have her story told with backbone instead of dangling her death only to have some convenient cure arrive to save the day .
it would be a disservice to all the time they spent exploring her sickness and her journey dealing with it .
i also think the story would benefit from having less exposition asura dominating every episode .
if taimi crawls under a dumpster to survive a zombie horde i 'll be disappointed .
koss leaving the cave makes me happy a happy end to a sad fate is nice to see .
i have n't seen the part with him and tahlkora but i 'm looking forward to it .
i 'm also interested to see his time with kossan .
i like what they are doing with aurene and the time anomaly stuff but i 'm not on board with her becoming dues ex elder dragon to kralkatorrik .
it did n't come out of nowhere it was hinted '' at as early as season 2 in glint 's lair but it still feels too easy .
overall i thought this was the best story episode of s4 and probably better than pof as well .
the elonian characters are the real standouts for me and it 's nice to see more of a regional story take the foreground at times .
warframe is more like diablo or path of exile the kind of mishmosh environments and clickspam grind .
hell even mei and brig are better main tanks than him .
mei and brig both have a damage blocked '' statistic wrecking ball completely lacks one .
both are a much better off-tanks than wrecking ball .
edit i should have known better than to help him out .
of course the score limit should be 100 in the original tdm .
one can not be expected to make an extra click or two to get around the problem .
a potential wr2 does n't mean he will be aaron 's second target if graham works out for the packers imo .
still i do think he should be rostered in 12 team leaagues
the color and the fact that one group kills people is the difference .
her name was kourtney.. we grew up together and then i moved so it never went anywhere
that 's very nice of you to think of me but i was thinking more where we can see the pussy lips .
this picture shows the top of your pussy but not the bottom .
i think you can do better but either way i 'm a fan .
ok wrong there but it still stands even on 2 1 from side and 1 from damage still requires 6 's to crit .
when you are working on a customers machine and you are in a low humidity climate or when you are wearing clothing that contains nylon or are working around synthetic fibers .
maybe the album will sync up to the game wizard of oz-pink floyd style .
sex is consent to the possibility of pregnancy for both parties .
i mean ... that 's the entire purpose for sex .
the second statement is true but again the fetus is n't an accident .
pregnancy is the result of a choice made by two people .
the woman is n't a victim of some random unpredictable event that absolves her of responsibility .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 1 submissions and submission titles must be related to the meme economy .
for example i found this meme '' is not ok. i found this meme should i buy or sell '' is ok .
for a full list of our rules please review the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/memeeconomy/about/sidebar .
if you have any questions or concerns feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmemeeconomy including all relevant information and links .
i think this has the potential to be as good or even better than the original series .
as much as everyone loves the original series it really deserved to be 4 seasons long instead of 3 .
the final season felt quite rushed in some aspects .
the show was also marred by the passing of mako the voice actor that played iroh .
i think they were planning on giving him a much more significant role in the final season but the had to significantly rewrite portions of it after mako 's death .
it was impossible for anyone to live up to mako 's performance .
with the original creators onboard as well as a pretty significant budget i think this could be a great retelling of the series .
i hope the creators have learned from the many live-action adaptations of anime and cartoons that have failed which aspects of animation can be safely transferred over to live-action .
i 've been dealing with extreme back pain since i started accutane and i 've been on 80mg and 60mg ... the side effects are exactly the same .
just extreme dry lips severe back pain severe splits in the corner of my mouth .
i recommend taking ibuprofen 2x a day and lots of vaseline and aquaphor at night .
there is times i want to end accutane but the improvement i have seen in the first few months wants me to continue .
lol looking at jwe carno reminds me of my boston terrier haha
it has something to so with aliens i know that .
i do n't even know how to say most of these names ? !
perhaps but it 's much easier to be low effort with limbo than probably every other frame .
the good thing about them extending dlc to october means we have a chance of getting more wrestlers in that we might not have before because of cutoff dates
dickhead said that you were killing the mood of the group the other night ''
i did n't realize i was and did n't mean to .
dickhead is always a fun person to be around too .
i 'll sort it out with the group when i see them .
so why was he worried about his boss showing up ?
and i hope like hell he made you sign a prenup .
your hate in the last days seems to grow flutty what is wrong do you miss to fight brubaker ?
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
chomsky has been critical of communist regimes to the dismay of supporters of those regimes .
you do n't stay at the top by being like everyone else cut the lines down to 3-4 make it run right .
that 's an easier hit to take in this pool of iptv services cause removing 3 line across all their customers base sure has got to be some weight off their servers but leaves no incentive for those that came here because of the 5 lines to stay instead of looking elsewhere when the price stays the same .
they 'd have to shut down and rename if they wanted to make changes like that and then provide extremely reliable service with higher quality streams the majority of their streams are 720p good enough for me but people are always looking for more .
but even then with their track record it would n't be that easy unless there is a lot of user feedback on public forums to backup the quality of the service changes .
depending on what type of heart condition and which areas are affected the severity of risk is affected .
if you have 8 cardiologists saying that your baby is at risk of miscarriage or major mutilation as well as putting you at risk of death rest assured it is a serious condition .
it is a good thing your mother had a less severe condition .
definitely could be i would n't be surprised if some of the characters start appearing down the line .
go to playgrounds find a tree/stop sign/any stationary object really get a gun try targeting it while moving left to right if too difficult keep fiddling with your x/y sensitivity as well as mouse targeting scoped sensitivity until you can reliably keep your reticle locked on a target while moving maybe try incorporating some jumping .
once you have this down pat go into 50v50 and go to an area you think will be populated by enemies .
50 v 50 is n't recorded for k/d ratio if you care about that so keep dong that until you can reliably kill people .
that 's what i did and i started 4 days before season 4 ended now i hit those one pumps .
studying retro games is a hobby of mine i guess
greatest gaming memories were definitely all the various minecraft multiplayer servers i were apart of back in the day .
for example the first one i ever joined after a lot of time in singleplayer i had no idea wtf was going on .
people using cactus to guard their homes giant horrific looking underwater caves with signs plastered everywhere .
oh gosh remember the signs before they added books and ability to just put words wherever
in order of good times a random anarchy server the antontus server run by an 11 year old i think lol he eventually gave me mod status and i had a magic axe that could do awesume stuff a server built by someone on reddit that was stored inside a real life minecraft chest i built my house right next to one other person came back a few hours later and a huge town had sprawled out from our original 2 and my neighbor was granted mod status while i was gone and i got upset and quit my irl friend 's servers r/albacraft
well we just tried it again and we have not traded all day .
and the error message we get is that my friend does not have enough stardust and also it puts that particular pokemon at the bottom of my list greyed out and when i click on that pokemon that 's when i get to the stardust error message
if that happens i would expect we 're picking relatively late .
u/razorhead had it along his facts that he was touma was hurt and fumbled .
i have a different theory that as kindly pointed out by misaka he shares similar traits with his father ... so he got distracted when he got too close !
who would n't ... also the second outfit is just as nice as the first one .
gets paid big time like the protesters who interrupted the whole ordeal in the first place and delayed it .
what would billionaire have to gain doing a job where he will 100 get more hate than good coverage hurt his brand risk his life and all of this while giving up his salary and already being way past retirement age ?
it 's not the first time women accuse famous people of whatever for their 10 minutes of fame .
you can phrase it how you want and paint her as a victim as much as you want this has been done before a lot .
and the timing on this particular case is just perfect .
rule 34 of true detective will never be on the pony porn level .
bro like u get the reward when u complete the match
dude litteraly could open the packaging and sell it for 50 more and it would still be a good deal .
standing by my and others observations on it being too good to be true .
a charging unit may only attack the unit/s it charged that turn .
i have a chipped ps1 but am slowly collecting all my favourite games in their legitimate forms as well as anything else ps1 that interests me .
do you not know how praised he is in russia ?
i meant the last legendary character to have been released for the first time .
maybe they were calling their nanny to confirm that this is indeed a jojo reference
it must be why asians are doing so poorly .
oh wait that 's right they 're doing better than the white population by almost every metric .
it 's as if their culture of hardwork makes them successful .
but yeah it 's only successful for white male republicans .
i only got that bug in ios 12 beta 4 if iam not mistaken do you update through ota cause i did a clean install on iphone 7 .
i made it very clear muslims will behave in the same manner as you if they were the majority calling for shariah .
that should be enough to show where my allegience lie with the indian constitution .
hindus have a voice of their own the indian constitution just like muslims christians and every other indian .
it 's only the ones with their allegience to a hindutva state that support the rss and bjp .
it 's hard to see in the darkness but maybe you can use angled armor blocks and turn it into an a5 or a6 .
i would strongly advise it on alibi 's smg as well .
the recoil is easy enough to control and its a bit more subdued than the vert so if you do want to try and trick them it might be a bit more successful
yeah i found the spreadsheet a bit overwhelming at first but i 'll get through it !
and yeah you 're right most of the english interviews seem to be super annoying and uncomfortable .
i 'm sick of non-anarchists wrongly telling anarchists what anarchism is .
anarchism is a negation of hierarchies power and oppression .
and get out of here with this ableist nonsense .
lol i love it when the seller replies to a pm price comment with the price and 500 people still choose to comment pm price as if they would get a different price .
i went to law school from 1987 to 1990 and was on full loans .
as tuition was much lower then my total loan bill for 3 years of school was about 27,000 about 53,000 in 2018 dollars .
i also could n't find work right away the interest was capitalized and i ended up owing about 30,000 .
took some years but i did pay it off eventually .
unless your parents pay your way or your dad or mom can get you into a high paying job after school it 's not worth it .
mobile is about light and portable pcvr is about horsepower and comfort .
give it a week and you 'll be used to it
i sure hope they keep it that way too !
i guess century link is n't very good with computers .
yeah its been true for a while that the fullsail crowd is the worst part of nxt
if you have neuropathy you might not have noticed they 're being squeezed .
the cctv footage did n't have sound so he might have said something else still kinda fucked .
reminds me of pokemon go to the polls . ''
ja et samfund som demokratisk har valgt politikere som har ansat et rektorat og en bestyrelse til at styre driften af universitetet .
offentlige instanser er ikke underlagt den menige borgers private holdninger til banale driftspørgsmål .
lulw i could season a whole year 's supply of food with all that salt
i 've never heard of it before but genius cites mtv claiming the following
eminem 's manager paul rosenberg said wednesday that neither he nor eminem had heard or heard of '' the first track benzino and mays played .
'the first track ' here is the one you linked to .
and i was n't talking about mr. mathers using a racial slur specifically .
my reply was aimed toward u/thatkevinmartin 's comment which stated the unknowingness of the subject
i never listened to the tapes but going on what he said in yellow brick road he made the tape about a black girl that dumped him and he was angry and stupid and said some shit he should n't have said .
one does not have to use racial slur to be considered racist .
in foolish pride eminem repeatedly expressed his hatred toward black girls .
he stated that 'they are only for the money ' and that he would rather date a white girl .
this was him being an angry kid but the mood of the lyrics was incredibly aggressive and racist .
when your visage or enigma is screaming at you to use it
other than that every 5 mins when siege creeps reach lanes is good too .
pushing towers in general.when a wave is naturally pushing in and you need it to die with no rotations
siksi siihen infraan ja esimerkiksi hyvän hallinnon kehittämiseen pitäisi panostaa enemmän .
juuri ruokaturvallisuudesta kun on aikaa miettiä muutakin kuin seuraavaa ateriaa .
i swear elementary school student elections are run with more integrity from the voters to the vote counters than our real elections .
we learned in school how elections are supposed to work .
then we get out in the real world '' and it is completely different and completely corrupt .
ahh okay well ill read upon it when i 'm home .
yeah even i was shocked to see something like that but we cant do anything
but i also think tyler got lucky too with having a cast that did n't compare notes like they usually do
he played a hard fast game and did n't really watch himself like derrick did .
derrick would plant the seed instead of just presenting the next victim like tyler has .
tyler has also gotten a little lazy after his showmance w angela which i mean i dont blame him it 's only human nature to yearn for some contact .
so he 's lucky that she was also good at the game and that she fortunately did n't turn out to be some femme fatale using him for the game .
like she could 've made a f2 w kc before tyler did and he would be gone tomorrow .
but that 's not happening and it 's because of luck .
tyler is more exciting because of the game play but kaycee equally deserving because of her social game and comp wins .
everyone complaining about a kc win being boring or worried it 'll give the perception that only comp wins are important are forgetting how much human nature and emotions come into play when deciding who wins .
i 'm okay with kc or tyler lol ... and both luck and game play are a big factor in their games .
not to mention kc played the exact game we stay talking about on here lol like literally lay low first weeks build solid relationships and then go crazy winning comps
she sucks at lying and speeches but i sympathize because that just means she 's not good at lying not a bad characteristic
at least she tried going along with stuff hacker incident and pinning vote on scottie instead of having word vomit or isolating herself .
she compensated that lack of manipulation with securing comp wins and staying loyal .
she does n't seem delusional about running the house by herself she knows it 's been a group effort .
yes luck was involved but luck was also involved with andy and other bb players .
the dynamic of the cast has a lot to do with it .
imagine if this whole cast was filled with just 10 more paranoia
word about tyler 's deals would 've been spilled eventually no matter how good he was
also kc 's vetos and that one hacker comp solidified l6 's plans to continue to trust her .
imagine if brett was the one winning all the vetos instead of her and he was n't so charismatic ?
he 'd be right there w tyler but he is now in the jury due to his paranoia charisma and being on the lower end of totem pole in l6
i just love both kc and tyler so i 'm biased so i apologize lol i 'm so happy for this finale
not bad but her neck seems to be a bit long .
and her upper lip is too dark as compared to the rest of the drawing .
you should practice more with your shades you do n't really have a definitive direction of a light source very important for realistic drawing ie you ha ve shadow on the back of her neck but none on her body .
a common mistake for beginners but with practice can bring depth and life to a figure .
and a bit of shadow in the ear will help it also .
noting the other practice face if you have some friends or family who would n't mind sitting for you while you draw them it would help you to improve your skills for drawing people .
or you can use a photo if you do n't have a lot of art time .
hope this helps a little bit in the right direction .
no calculator is going to give you a perfect tdee output because our bodies change our burn rates differ etc .
if you punch in 3-4 weeks of data use that as a jumping off point .
we need to start thinking as a city and not a collection of property owners .
i thought we were hidden i guess not very well .
i wo n't be surprised if jim is the new permanent ceo but usually companies will make a release that the interim is now the permanent ceo .
the percentages never changed when customers join and it does not make your results more specific .
only the recent ancestor locations are a living analysis .
how many dots you get per country is based on how much dna you share with the 5 23andme customers who allege that all 4 of their grandparents were born in that country .
applying your eastern european percentage to any of the recent ancestor locations that may appear below it is completely false and highly misleading .
that is not a wall of text but a detailed explanation with sources of why what you posted was wrong .
your comment tells me you failed to read it .
there are two completely different parts of your ancestry composition report that are processed independently of each other and misleadingly combined and presented as related by 23andme .
do you mean mark judge who was involved in the assault ?
i ca n't think of any reason he'd lie .
why did n't kavanaugh 's accuser come forward earlier ?
this is stuff from the recent chapter regarding her quirk .
visaully more appealing and better for seeing enemies less vehicle spawns
🙂 my mom has become such an important part of my life since i came out to her last year .
i mean ... are n't the morning prayers or a psalm which your priest mentioned suggestions that are short and sweet ?
i 'm not entirely sure what you are asking for if not those .
unkempt harold with dp plus grog nozzle are the bis for salvador .
you can clear op8 with no trouble whatsoever with those weapons .
got ta have a little sadness once in awhile so you know when the good times come .
how can the greatest wrc driver in terms of championships is n't able to get the super licence yet we still have lance stroll on the grid
i clicked twice like hey what does this do and did n't make the connection for like 15 minutes ... so frustrating
so it 's not the season pass but the season pass excluding torna the golden country as code ?
we 're an active guild and we just need 1 more member d
i really hope that you are just joking because i do n't think you have ever seen a child .
this is exactly how ur parents probably reacted to rock music with .
please do n't become the judge mental asshole that your parents most likely were .
it probably wo n't even come out in the us until the end of february .
players are just used to be carried all the time .
i am also from canada and i have hardly seen it at all outside of this sub .
i guess that is a huge bonus to not having facebook then ... i was thinking it had something to do with us having a less religious environment .
awful quality sadly i lost the original a while ago
it 's one if the top posts of all time on r/bikinibottomtwitter and it is from 6 months ago .
does the fact i 've seen the film spoil the first book ?
according to american conservatives the model france uses is derty nasty socialism .
who is anyone to say what a planet is ?
there are moons bigger than planets and asteroids in orbit tens of thousands of kilometers bigger than some moons .
if you do n't like it that 's fine but bleating on to people about how they should n't is just going to make you look silly .
i do n't need to point out how this can be applied to every argument ever do i ?
if you 've never played these games then sure it 's a great opportunity and i 'd say go for it .
but if you 're the kind of person like me where you have a tote in a closet full of old games and hardware that maybe does n't work anymore do n't go throwing your money at things you already own emulate .
and that does n't mean all emulation is flawless .
there are roms out there that do n't run for shit .
those games would be worth buying again because they 're just unavailable otherwise .
but for the large majority emulation is the way for old games that are n't being sold anymore .
bottom line is this for 0 you can play almost every game you already own on a single device that is already hooked up .
or for 100 you can play 20 games you already own on multiple devices that each needs an additional spot on the shelf .
damn whats with the downvotes not many people enjoyed the episode i guess
post the pic and formula on r/2kdna when u get it completed .
it would have been a lot less annoying and more impactful if they had just put a disclaimer about seatbelts at the beginning
punishment fits the crime ... steal a handbag break your hand .
literally not willing to let fans help pay for worlds .
still trying to pretend they are an independent business while hemorrhaging millions upon millions of dollars on failed games that never see the light of day .
first i will say my disagreements with you then i will go over the people i think we need to cut .
greg vanney i am less than pleased with his performance this season but he has done more than well in his time here .
you mention that with the payroll we should be guaranteed the league but this ai n't ligue 1 .
most of that money is concentrated in 3 players .
one of whom has been injured and or suspended most of the season another who has had form drop offs mostly when altidore is not on and bradley who has had to play cb because of our injuries .
i think this is a tough hand to be dealt and any coach would struggle .
you also mention petke as if he is a bad coach when he is currently sitting on a playoff spot with a low spender rsl squad .
has been having a mostly dreadful year but not ready to give up on him yet .
we need to bring another goal keeper to challenge him though .
my other disagreement is how you refer to irwin and ricketts as if they have never been good .
rickets was a machine and a great back up option for us before this season .
irwin had a great first year before he got injured and was probably a league top 5 keeper .
they 've turned shit since but let 's not discredit their whole careers .
hagglund i agree with you i was high on him but i 'm second guessing .
as you said he is 26.. holy shit that 's hardly a rookie .
he has done well at points in this club but the bulk of his career has been either being injured or barely resembling a professional player .
maybe there is other defenders we should be investing on at this point .
victor vazquez i love this man and i will always remember him as one of our greatest players .
that said i ca n't be the only one to notice he gets a knock when the wind blows his way .
he is way too important for this club to be so injury prone .
when he is not on we are not on .
we should be hard at work finding a replacement because we need someone his quality up there week in and out .
drew moor absolutely one of our key pieces on our success but this is when i deviate from a lot of people .
some fans think this is an outlier year and we will resume winning stuff with the same squad .
drew moor is another injury prone player because of his age and at this point he reminds me steven caldwell towards the end of his career .
i think we need to look for that replacement now .
you 're giving fordnation a lot of credit here .
they 'd have to think things through and we all know fordnation does not think before they act .
oh cool did n't realize there was a sub for it .
would the experience have changed if different otsrs were used ?
i think back to when maverick switched over to the soft restraints how it completely changed the ride from being painfully fun to exhilaratingly fun .
i switched from being a life-long redskins fan to vikings because i wanted to follow kirk wherever he went .
seeing how he has started has been so much fun .
watching everyone around me shit on him and say he 's maybe a little better than average but about the same as alex smith '' this entire offseason was making me crazy .
there 's no reason it has to be one or the other .
it was apparent that boyle 's style was all over that movie and absolutely enhanced the frenetic tone that sorkin was going for .
no other director would have made the same movie as the one we got .
the writing was clearly what set the pace of the film but the style was all boyle and it was oozing with style .
a few have pre cons but and the rest have there own decks i cant remember what they are but i think they are ones that have been upgraded from the commander anthology .
i know it 's not just native populations i 'm really sorry that it sounded like that .
i should have worded that a bit more carefully .
i mean seizure you feel like a strange static in your head and then it goes away and you wake up sweaty .
you 're sleeping and you wake up to your hands and arms jittering all over the place with no control .
feels pretty scary if you 're not used to it i 'm not it 's only happen twice out of my handful of seizures .
you wake up and when you get up you 're sweating and its hard to stand up and you feel like you 're 300 pounds heavier .
i do n't think you had a seizure bit i 'm not a nurse .
even my pixel is already annoying to use one handed 18:9 makes it worse especially on an even bigger screen
i 'll take one l to see demar drop 50 again lol
i was gon na guess enfp based on how good he is at stream-of-consciousness humour but i could honestly see either one .
i ca n't really tell which cognitive function is more prominent for him .
these are the top 3 and bottom 3 characteristics according to the watson personality insights api
you people are so cute when you 're mad .
i think you 're forgetting who controls the government sweetie
that 's the reason i dont buy more at lights at the moment .
no use to buy with the current customer service and warranty behaviour .
you should look into why africa is poor to begin with .
it 's funny to me that people defend capitalism by saying it helped some problem x and not realizing that x was a product of capitalism to begin with .
that 's the one i saw and i thought he may just be really good .
you should probably warn your little friends about that racist symbol used by the nazis
i mean there 's some overlap and people who do well in further maths will typically do well in maths .
but by no means does that mean maths will be easy or that a b will guarantee an a .
camera is blocked by the car that gets plowed into .
be sure that the fire extinguisher that you use is the right kind .
make sure your extinguisher is a co2 canister or maybe one of the water sprayers .
i get super motivated when i go to mil 's ... .it 's not as intense as hoarders but you get the full sensation of smell/bo/dog vomiting socks on the carpet and being warned against using their bathroom by dh .
come home and light a scented candle to scrub everything .
i loved watching my older brother play video games or my friends play but i do n't like watching lps or twitch .
i get so impatient and ocd with things like this haha i get worried that they lost it or something 😅
but for the record when marcus allen blocked that field goal we went so crazy that literally everyone in our section fell over
lush 's site is notoriously buggy when it comes to item listings i would n't be surprised if this was just a slip-up considering that the christmas line usually does n't come out until sometime in october if i 'm remembering correctly .
on the other hand i really love golden wonder so if you buy it and the order goes through ... keep us posted .
fantastic 3-point shooter but could not create his own shot to save his life .
it was unfortunate he had to be on a team with no true facilitators in 12-13 and i would say a bit wobbly on defense is too high of praise .
one of the slowest guys on the court at any given time .
an epidemiologist on reddit did n't propose quarantining the unvaccinated .
therefore i 'm asking you to defend your statement with sound reasoning .
what risks do unvaccinated people pose to the vaccinated ?
theoretically this is worse for those influential people in pr who do have money .
i wonder what kind of affect this has on the no movement .
meredith you slept with so many men you look like one
they think they 're protagonists in a story and the good guys always win in the end .
it 's the same reason that they think they 'll be great heroes if/when a revolution happens ... because nobody as important as them could be killed by a stray bullet fired by someone out of visual range ... than only happens to ordinary unimportant people not special ones .
i live in a redneck town so most people are very similar to you .
i 've seen hundreds of people who spew the exact same ideologies you spew .
that vox video was right defining an authoritarian as someone who places a high value on order and authority while fearing social change and outsiders '' .
i would expect nothing less from the typical jordan peterson fan with politics similar to an islamofascist state like iran where they ban social sciences and women 's study programs .
i 'm not a feminist and never even considered myself one but i do love reactionaries like you who label anyone who disagree with them as feminist '' or sjw '' .
i will admit though i do like to call myself a sjw '' but that 's just to trigger reactionaries .
next thing you know you 'll say i have blue hair .
i just study people like you who have the victim mindset to say authoritarian bullshit like your 80/20 tinder and okcupid shit ... .
according to you since i 'm mostly white i have no business criticizing white people .
i can only criticize minorities but not white people .
any white person who criticizes white people has to be mentally ill .
his views and islamofascism are exactly the same with both hating marxism feminism and other progressive values .
from benjamin netanyahu and shinzo abe to putin jinping le pen and poland 's p.i.s .
sheriff clarke '' and joe arpaio were able to kill and torture countless immigrants and prisoners .
sorry but i refuse to keep silent when people are dying and civil liberties are threatened .
i was the one who wanted to argue ideas .
you want to keep fighting this is only going to get uglier .
i wish my trump supporting friends that are infact racist would try to understand this or have an interest in this .
nope instead they hear what they want to hear or better yet read and share what fits their ideology .
im half mexican and hang out with a majority of trump supporters because thats how my couple blocks of my city or so i drink with them .
they just dont care or it dosent interest them when you try to explain it .
they also waste their money on the internet since they dont really know to use it or validate anything they read .
its worse they hate technology and dont try to learn anything about it ... they rather be ignorant i guess .
they barely passed high school and thats good for life it was good for their grand parents must be good for them .
sorry for that rant but this sounds like a deliberate plan to increase the wage and wealth disparity
like i understanf the mlm but how do they profit ?
if you ever publish anything please let me know !
his investors are autists who truly believe the cash incinerator is driving some huge mythical steam turbine that output magical tendie energy once it gets up to temperature in another 10 years .
in the long run his climate policies will lead to more and more severe hurricanes .
also someone lower down in the thread said he was given a heads up about not alike from someone in interscope .
no way ... oda 's gon na milk the whole thing and show us stuff when we least expect it .
i mean did you read the spoilers for the new manga yet ... it 's been 10 years and that guy still surprises me .
we depart out of the international gates and the timmy tims is in he domestic terminal .
also holy shit people flying to aspen are snobs lol
acting with class asking them not to bother them being followed and then dealing with eight guys ... what the hell
there are brown m m 's isolated and i was n't sure if you saw it
i was thinking this is his friend that fucks anything with two legs .
if my answers and reasons offend you then do n't asks questions like this .
wow i knew kii-chan was gon na snap but i ca n't believe she just threatened to tear off yoshida 's face and wear it to the ball ''
also so they 're just not going to say when the next chapters are coming out from now on ?
make clear post titles that reflect the post 's content especially if you are asking for help .
do n't put the entire body of your post in the title if it is extremely long .
if you have any questions or if you think this post was removed by mistake please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnba2k subject=removal inquiry .
technically no matter what the founders came from them because all humanoids came from them .
so what either of us thinks or whether they intended them to look the same is kind of irrelevant .
its just a matter of if they were supplanted or if they were a group that broke off .
the way they are visually represented seems to imply the latter .
there is very little information about the founders history and even less about the first species ' so they could retroactively decide at some point what their back story is .
but at this point its a mystery and i think thats the way they want it to be because the universe is filled with mysteries .
97 of 25 of voters is n't a clear mandate at all .
i see a ton of people wearing the airpods in nyc .
yea but i 'm pretty sure she does n't have mr .
at that game his mates were in the same bay as me and called him over at the end and one ended up jumping onto the field despite mckenna begging him not to haha .
no history and got a game misconduct so probably a stern warning .
maybe a few games since ekblad has concussion history but idk if they factor that in .
the man wants to show you the documents used to stir up this russia investigation and you 're all so fucking afraid of it because it 'll invalidate your bullshit .
would you trade gurley landry and baldwin for hunt obj and j. jones ?
i aim for 89 through upgrades or with chems for all 5 and 90 overall for secure tackler for my tackles
i 'm assuming this was written before he sucker punched ekblad
real question i see pubmed cited a lot by these kinds of people .
fucking hypocrites who have an agenda planned out even before all this shit started and got exposed and now they 're trying to bury it deep by throwing all the pointing and establishing talking points but when someone points back they fumble a half ass excuse like whataboutism and oh we got ta stick to this points only .
heck they ca n't excuse themselves from not spying because they actually do it and are so self-obsess with acting high and mighty like they 're in some moral high ground .
i take a bunch of pics when i go then spread them out over a few days so everyone has a chance !
yeah he cares about the more than someone 's health🤦🏻‍♂️
it never ends ... and by the time i actually am ready to work it 's 4pm !
it took off with a big lady on its back .
it is much much worse than alcohol for you .
if you ever ask am i the only one ? ''
woooooooah how did you get those epic effects ! ! !
the very first time i ever held my baby right after giving birth to her she pooped all over me 😂 i did n't even know they could poop that soon but i had waited for so long to see her little face and i ca n't think of anything that could 've ruined the moment .
wait you can spark chain quick hit every time manually ?
i did not care for pb in the first season but he has steadily grown on me since then .
i 'm not crazy about pickles myself but she is important to pb 's arc of analyzing the patterns of his failed marriages .
realizing at the end that he is now on the other end of the problem and she will be too much for old man peanutbutter.
this type of machine is also used to braid nitinol medical stents used to treat vasular diseases like aneurysm .
i used to work with one as an intern in r d and figuring out how to hook up the wire for different braid patterns was a nuisance .
why would mueller be in need of a weapon '' against trump ?
isnt he just conducting an ethical and honest investigation as laid out in his appointment letter by rod rosenstein ?
i guess it makes no sense to me because i seriously know of nobody who is ever ecstatic about anything .
maybe you need to ask a therapist about this .
it actually sounds like you expect an unrealistic response .
tbh i hate to tell you but it sounds like something a person with npd would expect .
do yourself a huge favor and stop expecting a perfect '' response from anybody .
choose to be happy with their response because it is genuine not because it seems to reverence you because flattery is fake .
time to get rid of everyone who is n't strictly loyal to the house .
would n't be surprised if 100-150 people end up leaving here .
a few years ago my cousin was murdered by her boyfriend .
they had a young daughter who was very accustomed to spending time with the boyfriend 's mom .
when he went to jail no one on my cousin 's side of the family would step up to take the baby so she was placed with the boyfriend 's mom who is a wonderfully sweet woman and is great to the baby .
it 's been 5 years now and she is still battling my cousin 's pos biological mom in court for joint custody .
cousin was a ward of the state of oh from age 5 until age 15 when my aunt her grandmother took her in .
bio mom has a long long history of child abuse and neglect as well as various other criminal activity .
judge refuses to dismiss the case and is continuing to force the child to visit with her bio grandmother despite the fact that the child has been emotionally traumatized by the process and has had to go to counseling when she was a very well-adjusted child before the visitations started .
she was just shy of 2 when the murder happened she barely remembers her parents .
the judge 's reasoning for trying to take custody away from the boyfriend 's mom 's stable loving home ?
i get that sometimes kids grow up and do horrible things as a direct result of their parents being horrible people .
but sometimes shit just happens and perfectly normal people snap .
in this case my cousin had cps on her ass because the baby had gotten very sick and had to be hospitalized .
the nurses noted many many flea bites on the baby and it was discovered that she had n't received any vaccinations at all .
furthermore nurses reported to cps that when my cousin came to visit she did n't stay with her just visited a few hours a day she was noticeably under the influence of drugs .
mobile home that was falling apart and had holes in the floor in a couple of rooms infested with fleas and mice two dogs that roamed free inside and did their business wherever with no one cleaning it up .
just weeks and weeks worth of dog shit and piss everywhere .
and a baby that crawls around on the floor freely .
a social worker inquired about some bowls of peas and something else found in the floor in the living room and my cousin told them that she eats on the floor and that she has to feed her foods that the dogs do n't like so they do n't take it away from her .
now my cousin and her boyfriend had split up and cousin was living here alone with the baby .
they were attempting to reconcile and the boyfriend told her she had to get off the drugs and get the place cleaned up or he was taking the baby and leaving .
the boyfriend has made a confession but he has n't been forthcoming about the exact details of the night he shot her .
he has said that he came home from work and found my cousin passed out in the bed and the baby covered in dog shit while roaming the house and that when he confronted her he snapped .
the victim was my cousin and i loved her very much .
the boyfriend was an only child with good parents good job and seemingly stable but he snapped .
his mom is also my mom 's best friend .
despite all the case details being made very public and not a single negative piece of history coming up from the boyfriend 's side prior to the shooting his mom is still vilified and told that she should n't be raising her grandchild because she cultivated a murderer .
now this whole situation has created a victim out of the daughter who could have been raised with a very limited impact on her life despite losing her parents .
but the vitriol and the hatefulness people have over it has ensured that as she has gotten older she is aware of the brutality of her mother 's death and what a horrible person her father is as well as forcing her exposure to people who have no business raising a child all based on the fact that people hold a grudge against the shooter 's family .
worst kept secret but did n't know they actually had their own platform to sell it all back .
figured they would be in with seat geek and stubhub and the venues own resell programs .
try downloading the platform-independant .zip version of the connector/j extract it and place the .jar file in your classpath .
if using an ide import the .jar file in project 's resources folder .
well sir i have the same problem i 'm allready 4 years in my burnout depression personality disorder etc etc and now next week i start to get help from a reintegration program here in the netherlands .
i 'm still lost what i want to do i have so .
if i did not bought a house i would travel and look for things that intressed me .
there is a program aground the world its called https wwoofinternational.org maybe this is something for you .
anyway if your really stuck go to your doctor and get help .
or that god gave others the intelligence and ability to heal and a made sure someone was there to drive him to the er .
i 've heard all the lies and spins to make these stories all about faith in god no matter what the outcome god wanted it that way '' .
reminds me so much of the way the gop twists stories and most of these people are in that party so i guess that makes sense .
this episode was n't about her or her plight at all but how the system worked. the episode was n't even about anna when you look at it as a whole .
listen to the second episode that came out today as well .
ahhh on the consoles we have to tackle various issues where on pc you get to choose either 60 or 120 frame rates we get to chose if we are going to miss our shots by a little margin or a big margin 😉
i was surprised this is a reprint because i literally forgot this even existed .
i 've spoken this language for almost twenty years now and have yet to hear that
how do you have a 4 star awakening gem and you have n't even completed act 4 ?
anyways class advantage is n't a huge deal in act 4 so do n't be worried about ranking up multiple science heroes .
you got some really nice 4 star champs there .
rank up a team of 5 of them to 3/30 and you 'll have no problem getting through act 4 .
if you do want to use the awakening gem thor is a great candidate .
that guy puts out some serious damage once awakened .
we strive to create a '' united front '' for all small youtubers under our banner .
it has been hard for small youtubers these days so we are trying to empower ourselves to have a chance in the platform with the big channels .
young grasshopper your submission might take days or even months to be featured or even not at all but be patient young one .
consider yourself as part of the family in our factory and keep producing good content .
you should interact with other people on the sub .
if you want others to view your content you should start viewing other 's content on this sub and give constructive feedback to others .
if you start doing it then everyone else will .
watching our latest video https ltstyt.be industrialized entirely commenting significantly increases your chance of getting picked .
disclaimer you have to watch the entire video before you comment or it does not count .
if you do n't stay subscribed to our youtube channel chances are that your content will not get promoted on our subreddit .
if you are n't subscribe now https www.youtube.com/channel/uclk-180zel41gc1ujbzj7og ? sub_confirmation=1 to increase the chance of getting featured on our subreddit youtube channel and twitter !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/industrialized if you have any questions or concerns .
you got it faster than everyone else as a result .
i get the sentiment but the energy is better spent elsewhere .
i understand that you restarted your router and your not able to stay connected to xbox live you can try following these steps here to see if we can get you back online .
try restarting your modem and use a different port to connect the router on the modem .
try going to setting delete your profile then go to settings and restart console then download your profile and check to see if your able to get back online .
if the steps that i suggested do n't work then try connecting wired .
if your still not able to connect wired then try using a different ethernet cable if non are available as an option contacting your internet service provider and request to have them change the network channel .
yea but i miss the days when i was up 400 solely on mu .
9 deal on a decent cooler ca n't argue with that
imo in standard gurley cmc and baldwin when he gets back is at least equivalent to howard .
so you would be upgrading a rb while staying the same at flex .
considering they have many more hungry very hungry mouths to feed ... they should be exponentially increasing their views .
when you 're microwaving a hotdog and you hit 10 minutes instead of 1 .
fill the sketch book out with your vision and your experiences .
print it out and give it to your family and friends !
maybe sell it if you 're into the entrepreneurship thing .
and lebron choosing the la lakers was clearly a basketball decision
that 's the point if you 're holding out just for general improvements like that you 'll be holding out for likely 15 years .
i 'll just hold off a bit because surely something better is coming or the price will drop some '' turns into an endless cycle of missing out on value for you .
this is the nature of high tech '' and thanks to evs this now includes automobiles in a way they were n't before .
fortunately others than tesla are beginning to clue into this and we 're seeing future plans include ota updating something that buffers against this faster pace to a degree .
i got an orange paragon cert dune as a rlcs drop and i was hooked .
i figured sherpas carry their team just like mvps ... thus the paragon set seemed perfect .
also the decal is possibly the best designed decal imo .
even the inside of the wheels wells have stripes depending on the color .
what there a change of heart from the religious community in recent years ?
kids growing up with parents who do n't like each other is a really shitty way to grow up .
seems like you 've been duped into 2 kids .
i 'm curious if the first was really an accident given how the second kid came about .
i know but you just suggested a mountain bike 29er rim and sadly it does n't fit
the best part in my life is that i have disc brake what make the braking possible even with a taco wheel
the bonus from iron renewal is a flat amount added after mods and is n't affected by mods .
personally i still use steel fiber but more strength for a bigger armour buff might be better .
what other ways the best ways are there to improve his survivability and remove the chances from him being 1 shot.. atm i 'm using phoenix renewal with hunter adrenaline and vitality .
maybe arcanes but those are pretty hard to assemble full sets of without just buying them .
a full set of guardian gives another 600 flat armour .
you could also maybe do a build with the umbral mods .
using all 3 would be pretty much out of the question but you could use 2 of them pretty well .
you 'd just need to polarize every other slot .
i 'm using physique as well but i assume something like growing power which i do n't have yet would be better right ?
if it 's active when you cast renewal the extra healing and armour will persist as long as you keep renewal going .
the health bonus is just too small to be worth it .
but i do not like the new interface at all .
too many clicks/touches to get to the performance view .
a friend of mine and i randomly stumbled on it in a book of short stories in middle school .
actually they can and do if it does n't sell in a certain amount of time .
neither the store nor the publisher want people to come in and find no copies .
so the publisher sends a lot of copies but to mitigate the risk to the retailer they will insure the large quantities they ship
i 'm actually glad they declined the low-income membership .
i never could figure out why there were so many homeless people standing over ford go-bikes with seemingly no sense of urgency to go anywhere until i heard about this policy .
with their limited numbers it is hard enough as-is to find a scooter without having a huge cohort of people who have lots of free time and no financial incentive to release them back for others ' use .
well he is only the antichrist thanks to tate the other baby its a regular human baby even if he had theability to grow up as a ghost he should be a kid i think .
check some stats of ethnicity for knife crime in london .
then understand why police should stop and search based on ethnicity .
i 'm chiming in as i 'm a half german kid who grew up in norway and thus made brezel at home from a young age .
i never made them with sourdough which i am not a big fan of and they always turned out yummy .
make them when you have some old camembert or brie floating around which you can use to make obazda .
is there a chance you 'll stop arguing semantics any time soon ?
i got shafted with a multi while my stupid little brother got 2 gogetas back to back with 2 fucking singles ? !
i think this is to prevent a counter team kill .
seems ridiculously often when i 'm glacking down a hallway a teammate gets greedy for the kill he ends up with a full magazine in his back and front and then kills me the next round putting us even fucking further back regardless if i 'm doing really good or not .
really sucks when you get a full ace on the enemy team by yourself and then get teamkilled because some idiot rushed infront of you and if you stop shooting you 're gon na die by the enemy .
being homophobic is confusing being aggressively homophobic is even moreso .
it 's basically the same as racism and misogyny .
awesome sounds like this is what i 'll do then thanks !
i did n't know r/atbge stood for awesome taste but great execution
when i first started playing i would memorize every piece as i 'd first learn it .
i had to do it because i was learning material that was way beyond my reading capabilities .
i could decipher it but i could not read it .
a page-long piece would take 4-5 hours to memorize easily .
now when i first learn a piece there 's zero active memorization .
it 's all learning the piece while at all times keeping my eyes on the score or at least as much as possible .
when i decide to memorize a piece it 's always something which i 've already learned .
i know what movements to make i know how it sounds i know what i want from the piece .
a 1-page piece from the baroque takes 1 hour on average while a 1-page romantic 20th century piece usually takes no more than 30 minutes to have it memorized .
i suspect that 's how people memorize more advanced stuff too .
by only memorizing it once they can already play it and have spent a bunch of time on it .
laptops are generally more expensive than desktops on a like-for-like comparison of hardware specs .
you can find cheap desktops quite easily and they 'll be more powerful than their equivalent price point laptop .
certainly a proper gaming laptop will be very expensive .
there 's also the issue that laptops are harder to maintain if anything breaks with parts being a lot more difficult to replace or swap out .
you will get more bang for your buck if you buy a desktop but of course it 's always dependent on what else you want to use it for .
if you want to be mobile of course a laptop is what you want .
if mobility does n't matter i 'd go for a desktop every time if you have the space .
if money is no issue do whatever makes you happy !
i actually thought mr. mercedes and end of watch were quite good .
the end of under the dome was disappointing though ... especially since i enjoyed the rest of the novel .
the whole time while my body is giving me vomit signals i deny it .
stomach cramps nausea hot flashes ... but when my mouth waters i know i 'm doomed .
also my throat feels like it gets ... wider .
i agree that the social stigma around it is bad but telling a partner you 're a virgin before sleeping with them is pretty irresponsible .
a lot of people want to be informed of their partner 's sexual history including sti testing and informing them you 're a virgin is dangerous and manipulative .
why does the maass have to lose 200m of ship detection though ?
some bugs are hilarious others are like really ubi ?
many us schools if not most really care about cars .
a low cars can be just as disqualifying as a low b/b
lol weed almost never gets laced you 'll most likely be fine
also now u have to use way more infantry .
i made qing yesterday after being 1000 dev to mings 700 and i still think it cockblocked me a big time basically without razing the mandate cb led me into 2 200 oe situations .
by forming qing this early u giving ming a good chance to get back on track
it 's a tragedy what 's happening in venezuela .
he whispers in her ear and she freaks out and starts spitting .
i do have to wonder why you 're getting so defensive though .
but again what 's that got to do with women and gays in islam ?
water draka can be substituted by water bast which i 'm sure we have higher chance to get in the hero festival egg the bonus one that gives us the festival 5 .
as others say although wood has high if not the highest ehp at the moment his fire brother counters him almost completely .
fire is pretty sick with the 2-turn puncture buff that affects his 3 skills as well .
it will be more obvious tomorrow how hard it is to get when we see the updated percentage .
yhtäkkiä verensokeri ei heittelekkään puolelta toiselle vaan kroppa on kokoajan tasaisessa rasvanpolttotilassa
breaking news kdbus will now be implemented into the kernel !
yeah i thought it was weird but i thought it was kind of fine because they keep it sort of open ended .
they do n't say bold stuff like the aliens are the source of christianity !
or the aliens have been subtly influencing history this entire time ! ''
they just show us some stuff that says that the aliens visited this area before thousands of years ago .
the aliens did some shit but were more or less just visitors .
when the aliens do appear again in present day to indiana jones crew they 're like what 's up '' stay for a hot minute and then leave .
yeah i 'm not mentioning absolutely everything that was related to the aliens but imo this is a good way to handle this sort of thing .
shooting up or drugs or schools is how we deal with life in 'merica .
this was the first thing i thought of when i read this post
reminds of the russian college group who was mysteriously found with unexplainable cause of death
... your aware that there were damage tests for supers all over youtube right ?
a full stormtrance on a boss did on average 10-15 more total damage to a single boss than nova did not to mention the ad clearing capabilities stormtrance offered .
speaking of let 's think about each classes specific roles .
the warlock class is specifically designed for ad clearing/support mentioned many times by bungie themselves throughout d1 's life .
nova bomb is the one super that never fit this role and therefore is the reason why it feels off .
the other supers are built to the warlock class ' strengths novas just a cheap excuse for quick dps that to be honest is n't even that high if not paired with tractor cannon/melting point etc
the very least i would personally do is upgrade barbs as they make your hero ability stronger since the units spawned depend on lab level .
law ... the guy turned from being a cunning bad-ass looking captain to a mom .
i bet he is actually happy and enjoying his time though .
it 's not like he has anything else to do since doff has been taken down and i do n't think he wants to be the pirate king .
i dream of the day people lose their shit after two defeats
you do n't need a rice cooker to make rice .
one part rice to two parts water bring to a boil quick stir cover and simmer for 15 mins or until the water is absorbed .
you do n't even need to touch it so just do other prep while it cooks .
to leave your young homophobic and sexist but hotter boys ?
not yet but yes surely can provide divorce services https kerryfoxfamilylaw.com online .
our family lawyers and divorce lawyers are expert in family law and have been voted as the best lawyers .
too bad they removed the ingame chatrooms and did n't think to implement any way to find groups in game .
if they try to promote customs as a way to group people that 'd save a lot of time imo .
i also have ordered both editions i am a fairly serious game collector and these statues will go with my division 1 statue .
it 's the bottom left section in the cabinet in this photo of a portion of my collection although it will be tough to fit both of them in that cabinet !
and it 's different because it 's some mother daughter time !
something else i thought about later your mom is exactly the right age for menopause and that can also have a huge effect on moods and energy levels i 'm almost her age that 's how i know ... .
that is one more reason to see a doctor if she has n't .
i worry that if everyone focuses on her weight other health problems may be ignored and they are not all necessarily caused by her weight it can also be the other way around .
but presumption of innocence in the accused means presumption of falsehood in the accuser
not that it matters as the state very rarely does anything even when it is proven that the accusation is false .
and even if she does get convicted she 'll get a suspended sentence anyway most of the time .
the idea is that you do n't need to be perfect at everything you do you just need to be working towards improvement .
i would guess for stella and order would be 2nd so that if you 're at the dragon on the first round and do some damage then immunity gets up and he 's 2nd after galleon to steal it
looks like a character i created before the start of a game .
as i said in my comment brain scans are n't really feasible at this point in time .
it 's sci-fi that creates the misconception that we can do that .
when we can the question becomes much different and an ethical one .
i work in freight so i have limitless access to old pallets but i do n't own my own home .
if i did the backyard would resemble an eerie world of discarded pallets-turned-into-random-shit .
i use empty marrow bones for my dog all the time .
i stuff them and freeze them just like a kong and my dog seems to prefer them .
what is your concern with leaving a large sterile bone with him ?
hey i wanted to drop you a reply as your story is pretty much me 5 years ago .
from the ages of 17 to 21 i was with a great guy we met when we both worked at a supermarket .
i worked 3 evenings a week plus some overtime during school holidays while he was full time and training for a higher position in the company .
by the time i turned 21 i was working full time earning decent money and he had changed jobs three times each time taking a salary decrease because he wanted less responsibility '' at work and would leave when they started trying to promote him to a more senior role .
he was pretty bad with his finances as in he barely saved any money whereas i was saving every little bit i could so we could buy a place and move out together .
we 'd discussed kids weddings and what our ideal home would be like but when i mentioned things like friend x was asking when we 're getting engaged ? ''
he got pretty defensive and i avoided mentioning it again .
one time i asked when he 'd like for us to buy our own place by he said he does n't plan to move out of his parents until he 's 30 .
i wanted to move out asap especially with the way house prices were increasing .
eventually it got to a point where i realised i had so much ambition that he did n't have staying with him would hold me back in life .
for a few weeks i kept trying to find the right time '' to talk to him about it he even pointed out that my stomach looked slimmer from where i 'd lost my appetite worrying over it .
eventually we had the conversation when he got up in the middle of the night took my phone with him and did n't come back to bed .
i got up to look for him and found him sat in the kitchen reading through my messages i guess he thought something was up ?
i said i wanted different things in life to him and really only saw him as a best friend at that point .
i suggested maybe we spend some time apart and see how we feel afterwards but he shut that idea down and just left .
i only saw him once again when he dropped off my house keys .
i do n't think he blocked my number but i never tried messaging him .
i never once cried over the breakup i guess i had mentally prepared myself i was mostly upset that i 'd lost my best friend and having no contact made that easier .
life went on i did a bit of travelling and got a huge confidence boost after a lot of positive interactions with different men .
soon after i landed a job that kickstarted my career and met my current partner there .
i now earn a good salary bought my own home aged 24 and have a great relationship with my partner who i have a lot more in common with and similar ambitions and we 've been looking at engagement rings recently .
even when a relationship makes you happy and you love the person sometimes you need to acknowledge the incompatible components and how they will affect you long term .
i would n't say i 'm happier in my relationship now than i was back then but i feel a lot more accomplished in my life and that i 'm heading in the direction that i want to be .
i have nothing bad to say about the guy but we started walking different paths at some point and it was only fair to part ways .
let me know if you ever want to talk or need some advice .
ib is very much one and done now unless you actively like the game mode and are high enough to not get constantly dinged by players already punching into the 550's/560 's .
i had all the armour pieces within my first 14 games as well as multiple weapon 's of which none are best in class to be considered worthy of hunting a 'god roll ' .
if you do n't there 's nothing you 're missing out on unfortunately .
i 'm in ny so i take that especially personal ... .but to be fair carolina citizens did n't have a say in that decision .
i really liked the way swansea played under francesco guidolin i know the premier league is a results business but was still shocked when he got the sack so early despite playing really well .
would like to see him have a go because i feel he goes under the radar a bit .
i have an idea once voip gets introduced everyone go to interchange and do a moshpit in front of the stage outside with people headbanging to some metal !
i ... never thought i 'd see this combo .
cigarettes and crisis stone was one thing but let 's throw in vorpal gun the reloaded effect from dice shrine and limited hilariously and ammo synthesizer .
it is supposed to be patched right now but i 'm in no position to test it .
it happened to me too on the base asol skin .
you have to dc and reconnect to fix it v
it 's not a bad idea at all except for the insta 100 trm unless you 've got several 100 moogles
marcus rashford a player who 's the same age as pulisic and probably better
that 's possibly the most hilarious thing i 've read today .
anthony fantano sums it up pretty nicely in a review he did of russ 's latest album .
then yeah i think its fine you 'd want to ramp up to the 85 sets maybe .
tho if its a secondary movement after deads it might get a bit dicey as you up the intensity but ymmv .
the one they made amazing on zul and mm ?
the government and police would inform the media beforehand and request they withhold from reporting until a certain date .
this allowed the response to effectively control the situation .
the 27/4 news cycle has changed that convention unfortunately .
this is a good strategy just close your eyes and sing la la la ca n't hear you !
this is how real men should defend their principles .
to everyone wondering if the government should have attacked thum 's argument instead of his character
and when presented with declassified british documents that he had examined for a paper he had cited in his written submission he admitted that his presentation of these british documents which were essential documents on which operation coldstore was decided upon was misleading .
for years thum has been saying that the british documents show that there was no security basis for coldstore with the premise that the detainees were committed to peaceful constitutional struggle .
in his reading of the relevant documents at the bottom of page 19 of his ari working paper http www.ari.nus.edu.sg/wps/wps13_211.pdf he specifically mentions that among the would-be detainees there was a 'unanimous agreement to keep following peaceful constitutional action '' .
in the following page thum then tries to paint lim chin siong and the barisan as some gandhi-like figure that consistently rejected violence .
turns out that the british documents say the opposite that lim never ruled out violence in private and that the barisan were growing increasingly radical viewing violence as not only necessary but likely in the future .
this was the decisive piece of evidence that finally convinced the british as to the necessity for the arrests .
thum being thum suppressed this bit and when confronted with a full reading of the documents made for some very embarrassing moments .
this moment https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=f-jobetvsqo feature=youtu.be t=58m08s is gold
shan selkirk chose to interpret these as calls to abandon constitutional action disregarded the unanimous agreement to keep following peaceful constitutional action '' .
you make it sound like oh they all came together and they all agreed on a peaceful constitutional action and yet selkirk chose to interpret it as calls to abandon constitutional action .
if you read the document it is completely different .
shan what they were talking about is we need to overthrow the colonialists but whoever takes over is not going to hand over power to us .
let 's all be clear and we will need to engage in armed struggle and so we keep both peaceful and violent options open .
shan how can you conclude from that that there was unanimous agreement that peaceful methods only will be used ?
thum because they said that in the immediate future we will keep following constitutional action '' .
in the future if they break the law then you arrest them for it
shan i see how you use documents and interpret it
lying about credentials and ignoring communist memoirs is one thing misrepresenting empirical data to prove a false hypothesis is another .
if thum did the equivalent in a hard sciences field i 'm not sure if he would have gotten away with it so easily
would be kinda cool to see justus or team infused back .
think infused would need to become a cross region team however not enough solid eu players left as f/as due to 5v5 .
the way they just show „goals assists on target just shows what is valued in football .
players like neymar get lauded for their unbelievable skill when in reality they specifically him are the main reason teams like psg lose .
i didn‘t watch barca game nor did i watch lyon game .
but i doubt any of the other player put in a shift like milly did .
they should really add stats like km run tackles made interceptions jawline strength touches on the ball crosses with of „successfull crosses and maybe fouls loss of ball ... things like that .
make it about football and not only about strikers .
i 've been thinking of buying your weather app but i have a few questions to ask .
i 'm brazilian and do n't know if the app has translation to portuguese .
if we see a new account doing it it 's an immediate permaban .
then hold onto your ass that nothing happens to rbg because if she goes then the court is set for decades .
i think it basically just negates that the play ever happened ?
the problem is that i take all my classes online because my university is 11 hours away .
i tried to get a tutor and got excited when i found a couple of people willing to do it for 10 an hour .
the first one ghosted me and the 2nd one went to the carolinas to help prepare for the hurricane and i have n't heard from them since .
the only other tutors in my city want 45 an hour and wo n't do more than an hour per day .
what is your opinion on the importance of our relationship to our earthy family compared to our christian family ?
i 've always been given luke 24 as the main scripture to interpret the importance of our christian family over our earthly family .
he said to them if you come to me but will not leave your family you can not be my follower .
you must love me more than your father mother wife children brothers and sisters—even more than your own life !
whoever will not carry the cross that is given to them when they follow me can not be my follower.
can i ask what you 're regular meals are day to day ?
i 'm having the hardest time getting started and just feel overwhelmed by all my options .
remember the random gunshots that would fire because of a glitch
that was a full ugly rookie play thank god for off set
this is why single player will always be multiplayer .
i love not having to mute the game audio cause some guy is darth vadering the microphone someone is screaming i got told to kill myself by a failed eunuch and some guy old enough to have teenaged children is screaming .
if i wanted to hear from an asshole i would fart .
you do n't lose a down on offsetting penalties on normal plays
i thought your thing for 12 was wrong because 4-4 is 0 and divided or multiplied by that is also 0 ...
i 'm gon na go reevaluate all my life choices up until this point .
there are whole departments out there devoted to helping the community and there are whole departments out there trying to break it down .
can you give us an example of such a conversation please ?
hello i upvoted you please upvote me i am trying to reach 100 karma to be able to post
32,000 scissors is a luxury item to any person alive i 'm not debating that
you can advertise promote and inform without it looking like a bad geocities site from 98 though .
i did n't unlock that one so now i 'm curious what it was .
there 's always been some quantity of crazy in the linux development community see hans reiser for instance .
but it has never been noticeably greater than the number in the general population .
accel world will never get another season as long as love live exists and it infuriates me .
it would n't be awkward if he did it to a man either .
offense needs to open it up and start moving the ball .
it 's like they 've been playing to not lose .
also some usb c cables do not transmit data in both orientations but the one that ships with the ap2 should .
i got the usb malfunction error before but unplugging and plugging back the usb c fixed it for me .
as for entering the bios from what i heard the f row keys fn+number shortcut will not work until the operating system is booted .
it can be very frustrating i also just began the medication journey so i get it .
i do n't know about you but from here on out it 's time to take a real look at our coaching staff
by the time i actually went to school for it the programming classes did n't get difficult until the 4th year .
though the math and physics classes were all new to me and i actually enjoyed them .
plus having a degree in some programming field is no guarantee of ability .
i 've interviewed many people with degrees and most either ca n't solve fizzbuzz at all or it can take them 15 minutes .
i do n't understand how those people with a basically non-existant amount of skill even managed to get their degree .
i like the view that it 's multiversal invulnerability .
every time a bullet is shot there 's a universe in which it hits and one in which it does n't .
we 're merely following the version where it does n't .
yeah it seems glorified but at least 50 of the time maybe even more that i go to the gynecologist it 's because something is off .
i can only imagine some of the nasty '' shit they have seen .
maybe the majority of patients they see are there for a general check up but i doubt it .
this fucking city is going to riot if they win are n't they ?
cats can get belly worms depending on the type of meat so be careful with that
of course they would n't want to tell people it 's coming to pc a month before it releases on console .
they have nothing to gain from announcing a pc version right now .
his tax reform definitely is a positive thing for the average citizen ''
it 's robbing them blind 2 trillion dollar deficit with most of it going to the very richest .
it 's trickledown economics on steroids and with this artificial growth period caused by stock buy-backs the trade war destroying sensible regulations etc .
a massive recession is just dying to happen any moment now and the average citizen — unlike trump and his rich buddies — will be worst affected .
making a complete clown out of himself and the us on the world stage ?
bringing together both koreas after 70 years of seperation ''
he did fuck all but call kim names on twitter and agree to a disastrous pr event — ending in trump agreeing to give north korea everything in return for nothing less than nothing seeing how they further developed nuclear test sites in the months succeeding .
if peace comes to korea it will be in spite of trump .
i just hope he keeps his nose out of it long enough for something productive to happen between the koreas with the help of china .
certainly stuff that should be critisized like for example him rolling back pesticide regulations or sanctioning iran ''
i honestly ca n't think of a single good thing he has done in office .
i 'm nearly 100 certain that he 's been involved in some shady business over the course of his career but since when have politicians been ... ''
we 're not talking about other politicians your fallacy is whataboutism '' which no pro-trump defense seems to be without these days we 're talking about trump .
we can criticize other politicians in conversations about other politicians .
i imagine ghost rider would 've been better without nicholas cage ...
they are going to get something for one licensed killer and are in negotiations .
the assumption is the shape since the new movie is coming out .
you do go broke unless you get lucky drops to keep fund mapping .
in ssf you just drop down tiers and run them without investing as much until you have farmed enough currency sextants maps movings shaper and elder around to the desired map etc .
high tier mapping has always been really tricky to sustain we 've just been lucky in recent leagues .
he 's not going to ... . damn he just did it
i meant more you guys in the wc game but i 'm still happy .
i should be saving more but why work this stressful job if i ca n't enjoy myself ?
yeah as long as the team is composed of 5 players in the t60 for pro points last year they qualify for certain .
12 months later you will have been through 12 more boxes and hopefully found more products you like .
they can do both ... .the bc team are n't game devs .
they just formed the initiative with the head of crystal dynamics during the tombraider reboots the lead animator/narration of god of war and the writer of red dead redemption .
so ... .how is that not looking towards the future .
and they said they are n't done with studios yet more to come .
depending on your interest in the game '' aka if you 're a degenerate gambler this might matter
it can be as social as any other individual sport done beside other people like golf bowling or gun shooting .
some clubs are just like that you 'll find they can vary quite a bit .
there 's two clubs near where i live the one i go to is full of laid back and friendly people but the other one can be a bit ... stuck up .
there 's also the pcycs which while very friendly and welcoming do n't have much social activity due to the high turnover rate .
that 's does n't make what they did justified or legal lol .
if it gets found out what they 've done the government will likely want to have them executed .
you 're up in arms about people saying it 's ok to be white '' like it 's some massive affront but you have no problem at all with the former grand mufti of australia and new zealand saying women should be at home in their burkas if they do n't want to get gang raped .
i started looking for a collapsible bench while wondering if my coffee table would work .
i 'd lose some range of motion but not that much .
yes but then the conspiracy community decides that literally every triangle is a sign of the satanic pizza paedophiles .
even if someone uses that exact shape it does n't mean it 's the same thing .
there 's no universal spiral heart wants to fuck little girls connection .
do you often go to bakery and complain that they dont sell coffee there ?
what kind of reasoning leads you to this comparison ?
your reasoning for the game not being grindy is that you need a full nine people party playing the optimal setup and constantly teamplaying for the game to not be a meat grinder .
i heard the female skill level will be washing up hovering and moaning ... . that 's probably more realistic ...
i think wotlk is more to blame for that actually the wrathgate really brought it all into the limelight .
i currently work in a data centre graduated uni 2 years ago and managed to get off the service desk after a year well a year and 1 week and have no intentions of going back .
during down times i am currently teaching myself this the other day i actually looked at job postings to see what skills the majority of people require and powershell programming crept up a lot .
plus it 'll be nice to learn this to see what day to day jobs i could potentially automate
i 'm teaching myself python via code academy and home learning but for powershell does anyone have any good learning material resources for a beginner level ?
i 'm not really a fan of websites like stackoverflow feel like the community is up it 's own arse quite frankly .
well if you just read the 2nd messagebox from the top .
you now have free 2gb for your favorite videos .
the free 2gb is just included in the gosakto status information .
i think the first 5 or so minutes after a post you can edit it without an showing up
one point on the number that was households not individuals .
naturally the of individuals will be higher because many are out of the workplace due to age .
i would also add that i could price the time you volunteered quite easily that 's not actually that unusual it 's effectively an in kind contribution that can be assigned a monetary value .
i generally agree with the arguments you 're making about it being hard to quantify at the individual level that 's not something i would deny .
but we can certainly see that overall there are more recipients that contributors and that is the fundamental problem .
when you have a society actually a state that serves many at the cost of few and where that state allocates equal voting power to all irrespective of contribution you have tyranny .
now tyranny is something i can understand even if i do n't agree with it what makes it most galling though and is the subject of the original comment i posted is the way this tyranny is dressed up as moral by those who perpetrate it .
edit also i 'll upvote you here because you 're contributing in good faith i think .
completely agree with your point on them being aligned with halfords in people 's minds .
i had the same opinion until i was recommended to go to evans to sort out an issue i was having with some carbon wheels i had .
the staff were really helpful knowledgeable and the service was pretty good value .
the complete opposite of what i would expect from halfords .
the implication of filch 's skill at maintaining and restoring magic paintings along with how he 's primarily the one in charge of displacing the magical portrayals under umbridge 's censorship really goes well into dumbledore having planned to continue working against voldemort after his death .
a man as eccentric and forethinking as dumbledore probably thought of the idea of a pseudo-immortality through portraiture the second he was introduced to the concept at a young age .
filch was officially hired before dumbledore was headmaster of hogwarts but his observation of a caretaker 's duty in restoring and maintaining the magical construct of a painting could have turned that facination into a working theory and that theory into practice in order to maximize the effectiveness of an enchanted portrayal of himself advising beyond the grave .
if you have n't read the books or forgot dumbledore planned far ahead into snape 's agency to have snape be the one to kill him .
dumbledore 's magical portrait having enough of his knowledge and mannerisms was then snape 's continued correspondence at the tail-end of the war
oh woops i did n't look at the function parameters properly !
waitformsiexec tells the command to wait until msiexec is available from a previous install or something so probably worth keeping in there anyway but does n't wait for msiexec to finish like i thought initially .
annoyingly it does n't give you the same parameters for execute-msi but could manually invoke their implementation before your command though .
change the timespan to suit your needs but as it stands it will wait for up to 10 minutes for msiexec to finish otherwise it 'll throw that error .
i believe you could find a da to prosecute .
i do not believe you could find twelve random jurors who would convict .
kinda weird how nothing is a free kick worst kicking in danger i 've seen for a while
and as long as he does n't preach in every award show he goes to ...
try this guessing game of kucoin up to 47btc will be given away .
i tried it and it was fun and challenging .
there definitely a bias to avoid dupes but they can still happen .
maybe you should check some unboxing videos if there are any .
i vaguely tolerate coffee because caffeine but the only flavor distinctions i get are this tastes burnt '' or i could make a baking soda volcano this is so acidic ''
i really love tea and can be a bit of a snob about it though ?
i mean part of why i 'm wanting to examine black and possibly rearrange things a bit is because black does n't resonate at all in its current state which is very odd .
end of the day if we 're honest humans are a parasitic race on earth we all know it .
on a timescale of the earths life we 've been here for a blink of an eye and we 're already destroying it more than anything else ever has .
our purpose is to breed and evolve spreading further ... the same as any virus
if you sell it now you can gain 50-70 dollars
but if you keep it now and you are good you could be the first to have a v2
honestly they should kick him off his own podcast .
it would actually be something great if it were trihex/destiny/asmongold as a core with trihex acting as the host .
raj honestly is kind of dumb and never really has anything intelligent to contribute but at least he 's not overtly toxic in his retardation and does n't constantly derail discussions .
you can remove religion but you would still have to contend with fervor .
i would love to see the pc community get more cod love it deserves it .
its just ruined every year by people arguing pc master race '' console is better '' its just a worthless argument
sorry this post has been removed because it is too general for a sub about london-specific and local interest things .
good thing is they are somewhat managing her character than braun so i 'll give them that .
still i 'm not going to buy charlotte as a babyface .
in terms of evolution i do n't really mind if nxt plans change a little bit from that card since i expect them to do well regardless although it kind of depends on who will be running the show vince 's team or hunter 's .
one last thing it 's quite funny that the women who kickstarted this evolution '' bayley and sasha back in nxt are doing garbage disposal matches while people who have done nothing bliss bella and i 'll let rousey slide for this one i 'm fine with her are the highlights of the show .
if rousey v bella does happen and bella wins though you never know with this company nowadays i 'm going to shitpost them to fucking hell
if you are willing to use a data-driven framework i.e vue react angular ... all the things will be much more clear and easier to you .
modifications to the data will be auto synced to the view by these frameworks .
now the only thing you should care about is how to manipulate data in a way to satisfy your needs filter update ... .
they freed the others enslaved by him as well and helped them as much as they could .
as for your point on molly i agree but it 's trivial .
sure saying you want to act better does n't make the actions better necessarily but the outlook they have now has changed .
the lens they use to view the world skews their perspective more toward what it is they consider good .
caleb seems not so troubled by helping those around him the same applies to the others .
their willingness to help jester and fjord demonstrate their growth in these areas .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3amodesto 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3amodesto 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
i stopped wearing any skin products because they never looked on me like on youtubers and it made me feel ugly 😔
they want more platforms to lie and scare people .
since before you 've only been able to hear their bollocks from their own meetings or specific forums .
experts academic standards and evidence is being eroded down so they can make their lies and misinformation feel more legitimate because of where its being shouted .
this is terrifying especially because it can easily happen to anyone .
no weird bars no gun dealers no sketchy places after dark .
just a computer that is literally in every home .
you may not carry it just keep it at home .
but it can give you options when you need options the most .
der einzelne ist jetzt tot nazis laufen aber noch unzählige rum .
anis amri ist offensichtlich keine gefahr mehr für deutschland er war auch nie eine strukturelle gefahr er wurde nicht vom verfassungsschutz unterstützt und hat nicht aus dem untergrund mit der unterstützung eines netzwerks mehrere morder geplant und ausgeführt er ist einfach in einen lkw gestiegen und in eine menschenmenge gefahren .
wenn du den unterschied nicht verstehst dann brauchen wir auch keine diskussion zu haben aber du wirst doch wohl einsehen dass die gefahr das opfer eines islamistischen anschlags zu werden derartig gering ist dass man kaum einen gedanken daran verschwendet während nazis unseren rechtsstaat unterminieren und dabei unterstützung aus der regierung und den behörden erhalten die das eigentlich verhindern sollte während wir gerade hier schreiben .
pretty sure i have this guy added on feh he runs a high-merge dc eliwood .
do they like to have fun and be played with ?
you keep scaring her off i do n't understand why you do n't see how strange and inappropriate your dependence on her is ?
she 's routinely shown you that she is not comfortable with it do you actually care about her or think about how she feels ?
if you were happy to have a more casual friendship i 'm sure she would be more inclined to see you but the point is you have some issues to work out before you 're even ready to have a healthy friendship with her .
that 's because half the people here have never played dnd before .
unfortunately there 's a lot of antonyms for that going on right now .
fran for frying every tournament third wave to save time .
our downtown area is a mess and none of the restaurants have free parking ... or even to go parking .
the article says if her saliva makes contact with her skin it blisters but it does n't say the saliva inside her mouth causes anaphylactic shock which it would if it was a true allergy .
jesus can you imagine the levels of red in the goofs head if connor looses several in a row ?
upvote this comment if this is truly black magic fuckery .
downvote this comment if this is a repost or does not fit the sub .
can you fuckers at least use a spoiler or theory flair ?
there are people trying to avoid this kind of shit you know .
i honestly do n't think he 's thinking that far ahead .
otherwise a series of interim ags likely anyone he can bully .
there 's something so cruel about getting naked on the radio .
soul ring is ok but gives u slot issues .
i personaly think a big item like linkens hex or bloodthorn will be good as well with a casual clarity here and there which one of them is game dependant tho
there 's nothing wrong with a hero that simple and braindead being absent in gm .
if i never had to see another brig moira or mercy in any of my games ever again i 'd be a happy camper .
if had legacy blue at all ... snuff only had test blue for the first keepstar 's timers and judging by pgl 's stream from that ph ambush the blue standings resets afterwards were mutual .
i 'm really not a huge fan of how gta handles physics in iv and v. the more arcade way of the hold ones fits so much better imo
why do you have to do me like that man .
i miss my note 5 and his physical button and easy grip with my s-note case .
for sure hardware is way better so it 's fast and the battery is great .
i think i will wait a few months and grab a note 8 .
and i just replaced my camera lens glass too .
lets see if 17 will come back to as in the anime
could have sworn he moved to besiktas x i really miss him though .
i submitted an application cover letter in pdf form on short notice that was extremely generic and the department head from an unrelated department typed it all out to see if it would show up in a search .
bought a mi mix and it was instant love .
took a step up to the op6 but it is to small for me just bought the new mi max 3 6/128gb and ca n't wait till i got it in my hands .
really love xiaomi for making excellent products for great prices .
i really think in 5-10 years they became the largest manufacturer of phones in the world .
sometimes support is not enough when you are lacking both good damage dealer and good support .
you can listen to any trump interview in history on the app .
they 're all on gary page 2 in green .
fuck ... ... well what 's the best ps3 fifa game to make me learn soccer video games better ?
i do n't want to do all the fun looking management role-playing s .
i just want to not suck every game ! !
people actually buy things other than games on the xbox store ?
i just had a thought reskin flaming skulls i think that 's what they are called to be jack o lanterns
btw a line or two made me think about the retirement of supreme court justice anthony kennedy .
now that orange dumb piece of shit got to choose one which i find more disastrous than him getting elected as the president .
edit i 'm not from america but i like to give my two cents on everything and anything haha
do n't you have better things to do early friday morning ?
if you read chinese you can probably find rooms to rent in the 500-1000 rmb range on 58.com .
they 'll probably be extremely basic in older buildings and located not so conveniently .
the rest of your budget will basically only cover food and maybe not even that if you 're planning on eating fresh meat and seafood in decent quantities .
yea 😂😂😂😂and bang like chop is called chop chop lmaooo
unrelated that was a nice little farm set up you had too .
if you read the site they also had account login information including unsalted md5 hashes of passwords .
sure because that goes back to the experience aspect .
just showing up tomorrow for work and walking into a promotion without merit is n't going to happen .
everyone who has a pay scale at work will have such a document .
it 's called a contract there are other names for this too but i 'll use the most popular term .
more so annoyed someone is going to sit here and try and make up arguments on something they do n't know anything about .
and when i initially suggested to go look it up they were simply too lazy .
it 's totally cool if a person does n't know something because really no one knows everything anyway but damn ... just own up to the parts you do n't know .
false analogy the pros do n't run away when they hear someone pull a scar out .
please present me with your stats mr alex numbers .
probably because since datto is neither toxic nor whiny it 's a blatant lie .
probably for people to read the part where she said girls do n't like receiving random dick pics
one thing i 'll never understand about the average american football fan is how they 're so insecure they need to throw digs at other sports every chance they get .
really uncomfortable with linking all of this bdsm stuff to lgbt relationships and legal resources .
kink being lgbt and lgbt people have been rebuking this connection for decades .
imo op and her husband need to reconsider their entire dynamic regardless of how this turns out because even the risk of their kids finding out can fuck them up .
there are other ways to get you jollies off and frankly no jollies are worth the well-being of your kids .
i say this as a person who is n't vanilla or whatever .
ahahaha you silly stupid asshat who edits comments thinking everyone is retarded as you are and we wont notice .
than after having no other argument you start talking even more shit ... . stop it man you lost all credibility .
i started playing league because two friends i had in wow talked to me about it .
never met irl eventhough we lived in the same country but we talked countless ocasions .
he was funny and joked about me being a girl gamer ... he was an optimistic and always made me laugh .
i moved countries and we played sporadically but suddenly our other friend called me .
he died on june 14 2016 and i can not believe sometimes how much i miss him .
his favored champ was fiddlesticks and he sucked at him xd ' .
love addy but i think her story is finished enough so a whole season back would be awk
you 'll want to ask some engineers about this and r/askscience might be a good place to go .
years ago we had a novelty account on reddit who used to post comments with etch a sketch pics .
often got a bit of a laugh out of me u/etch_a_sketcher
more etch a sketch stuff though i do n't think it was his here
i still think you should get one 2080 ti now and possssibly one later
there is a lot more known about this than you imagine .
i do n't need something to tell me i 'm getting a bite because i 'm staring at the rod .
fishing is to get away from tech and life 's bs not to bring it with .
your product looks well thought out at least and some will be into it .
hopefully it 's real and not a typical kickstarter scam .
very very sexy do you have a snapchat you can maybe send ass pic keep it secret
you can tell from your dogs smile he 's pretty happy about your choices .
during some recent by-elections labor held a contest where if you donated you went into the running to get a tea towel signed by bob hawke
also apparently there is this https www.redbubble.com/people/lordkeegan/works/29132335-do-australia-slowly-again ? cat_context=u-tees grid_pos=8 p=t-shirt rbs=11e04537-a42e-4b80-b7db-eafc92ccff4e ref=shop_grid style=vneck searchterm=bob 20hawke iacode=u-tees and this https www.redbubble.com/people/ruckdiesel/works/10823150-hawkes-hope ? cat_context=u-tees grid_pos=1 p=t-shirt rbs=11e04537-a42e-4b80-b7db-eafc92ccff4e ref=shop_grid style=mens searchterm=bob 20hawke iacode=u-tees
consider that for the avengers they tried their best to do the classic all start lineup .
as long as they have played it before with a positive winrate and are n't toxic does n't really bother me .
the problem is when it 's a random pick out of the blue go do that in normals .
we adopted our jindo/shiba mix from kk9r 4 months ago .
she did n't come out of her crate for a few weeks and it took months until she found some more comfortable places rugs to lounge in the house .
focus on a comfy place not far from his/her crate and put treats there .
that 's what got ours out first the rug in front of her crate then the area near the couch now she follows me to the bathroom and kitchen .
i would have taken three paragraphs to say the same thing .
i mean it 's been a good century so far as in 2000-present .
anyone have a list of all the shroud skips for bfa dungeons ?
i do n't think i have the personality-type or the hair gel to blend in with that crowd but maybe that 's for the best in the long run .
no i swear im a former starbucks employee 100 no lie guaranteed
so there 's a big range of turn order-determining mechanics out there in this genre and others .
from the feel of the game did it ever seem to you like some sort of simple catch up least successful player in x terms gets to go last thing would work ?
just curious because i am always interested when a game either spices up its first player mechanic after initial design like viticulture tuscany or when a game chooses to go vanilla with it and people house rule it successfully for instance we keep azul 's simple approach to rotating turns but we switch direction for next players each time so you 're not always following the same person .
very impressive that you were able to compress so much about the game including a good amount of instructions and discussion of cons without dragging down your overall positive sentiments about the experience .
sure if you believe in the schoolhouse rock version of the legal system .
every time the results would be problematic for the powers that be you get a hard exit or overt oppression .
you are just too naive to see the world as it is .
even as your hero is on the run most likely as a direct result of using your preferred strategy you defend it .
it 's very challenging to get any job if you do n't have a mailing address or phone number .
i 'm not sure what this comment has to do with the situation i described .
it should be particularly noted that this is brightman 's first release in more than 5.5 years .
the general rule of thumb is that if it was a success there will always be a sequel .
no matter what happens there will always be a next part if the original was a success .
think of every game you like that was a success the devs are working on a sequel right now .
yea just the default one i did n't use a daily 2rm as suggested i just put in my actual 1-rm still was able to complete everything no problem
i do n't know the exact percentage for the revolution to be a success but i think it has to be at least 60 i think i read it somewhere .
i have n't played bastion and transistor but when i finish some other games i definitely will .
i started only knowing that i could only free everyone one at a time and while i got spoiled a couple of things midway through i loved how the story structure was such that just getting to the first liberation rite made all the spoilers not about the true nightwings unimportant .
i just love how the music works in this game i actually translated half of the songs in italian but i 'm not talented enough to make a cover .
the only thing that is n't completely integrated in the story is your seeing stats and menus which is absolutely necessary otherwise the immersion is perfect the only thing that feels weird is how you 'll start thinking about how everyone will feel when staying in the downside but you wo n't apply that to yourself since you 're not there but that 's not really a problem if you 're willing to do some roleplaying .
i think that it will remain one of my favorite games ever just for how everything works together perfectly and i will never get tired of the gameplay .
when i say i do n't want to get on opiates i mean a recurring prescription .
doctors sometimes will write a script for breakthrough pain that consists of 5-10 pills .
remember that suicidal thoughts and tendencies are a health problem no different to any other health problem .
especially with guys our age this shit is a medical issue .
remember it 's no different to any other health issue .
even more so for void elves since they 're basically a splinter of high elves which is a splinter of the original high elves which supposedly lost 90 of their population during the 3rd ward .
voids are probably like 00.1 to 00.5 of the original elf race which was n't terribly numerous to begin with .
i see you 're a kvd fan and you seem to care more about vegan makeup or whatever works for you than you do about the people she and others are hurting .
assuming it cosmetics works for you too then you 're probably not black and do n't really get to defend the use of a cotton field and tell black people this is beyond reaching.
i have advanced degeneration and a herniation but nothing they can point to and fix .
so they call that 'unexplained musculoskeletal pain ' at that point and there is n't much they can do .
i ca n't blame them for not being able to find all the answers they are n't miracle workers after all and most of their job revolves around patching people up and getting them back to work .
there are people there that can help a lot but it is getting harder harder to find them .
if you 're being unreasonable at all its in your expectations its never unreasonable to keep looking for answers .
not saying its unreasonable to ask for a diagnosis anon gave great advice on that .
and if you are in too much pain to work you need that diagnosis docs on board to start getting some financial help .
but dw 6 onwards always felt like they were taking things away that they didnt need to and adding things that make the game worse .
where you csn walk to the shop and stuff before the fight to get items ?
lol no you misunderstand i meant as if the creep said that than that 's how i would 've responded
that 's why you do n't buy the first and cheapest apartment you can .
buying an apartment is a very good idea and investment but it 's a huge commitment that 's why you need to choose well .
source i just bought the first and cheapest apartment i found and since i have more luck than brains apparently it was the best one around .
work is stressful there 's only 5 of us here qualified in my position and one of them has been called up for hurricane response .
my schedule is drastically changing and my wife blames me for it and is angry that we ca n't do some of the thing we planned .
the last one also negatively impacted plan my wife had made .
i went from working 2 days on 3 days off for the month to having a fucked up no pattern schedule that seems to always have me working on my wifes days off and vice versa .
i just worked 3 days had one day off and i 'm on day one of another three day stretch .
i 'm tired spread thin and ca n't relax when i 'm at home .
i ca n't wait to transfer out of here .
escalate soon or you 'll lose momentum and blow it .
that 's the great thing about malifaux and most pen and paper rpgs is that you as the fatemaster can build any world .
thematically the guild is a large corporation of merchants that only has control over malifaux because they control the soul stones and the mining operations in malifaux
the guild really only keeps the peace when magic is involved mainly necromancy .
i like the sound of your world and i really feel like it could fit .
imagine the reaction when var is implemented in the premier league officially .
i already see kt eliminating the chinese teams while geng will eliminate afs in the quarters and fnc in the semis on the other bracket .
op is on about game loading screens you know like the meme from way back when .
my wife informed me last night she has whatever disease that feels likes bugs are crawling all over her .
only if there 's some sort of unique biologically produced resource they have .
if we 're at the point of being able to accomplish interstellar travel mineral resources wo n't be an issue .
it 's a helluva lot easier and cheaper to mine an asteroid than a planet especially a high g one .
mineral resources are fairly ubiquitous in asteroid belts and asteroids have negligible escape velocity so you do n't have the problem of getting stuff back up out of the gravity well of a planet .
bot lane as a whole is defined by supports especially in the early levels if you pick a ranged support and a scaling adc you can win the early against an adc with an earlier powerspike and a melee adc .
this is not meant to take away from uzi i just wanted to elaborate on your point .
the time to set up looks ro be less than the time to clean up
if he was out for the year like slater was there no way they make it .
originally was going to be called hellraiser until the lawyers came knocking
addition 's great but i think your goal here is to multiply
never legitimately listened to him and thought i 'd give it a shot .
i like root but i dunno if i just want everyone to just agree with me .
i sold mine to a buddy who has put 1500 miles on it .
people are paying real money to go back to steel now a days when if you do some research you can find a great old bike that will last forever for 2-300 .
that is particularly true if you have a non standard body type like if you 're taller or shorter than average .
i make 4 inch cakes for my family/stepkids to take one to their moms house and then i fill the 9 inch rounds and take those to work .
this way i can bake and still fit through the door .
after deleting from phone you must then remove them from your library .
never got anything have only actually known someone who got ringworm once .
well there 's little need to record them now since the air force is doing it for us ...
same here down in aus actually it was installed on our school computers and both my sister and i share fond memories of it she actually played through the updated version on steam about a year ago .
i thought he was talking about the spoiled kid in skyrim .
how are you thinking up thoughts before you think them ?
still salty we do n't get her in the base game as a reward .
monolith can bring in shulk elma and xenosaga characters but malos and haze are too much ?
you have a button on your keyboard that takes a screenshot .
kirito will not survive the encounter with the real swordsman who happens to be black
eagles fan whose girlfriend is a browns fan so i watch all the games with her and i got ta say watching mayfield felt like watching wentz .
he 's just a pure competitor with tons of skill and he radiates confidence to the point where when he goes out there you know he 's gon na give you a chance to win .
incredible to watch last night i think this dude is the real deal
if you enjoyed drrr definitely check out his earlier and arguably better work baccano !
either find a way to reinstall the anticheat tencentprotect tp or reinstall the game .
looks like that happens when transactions do n't have a payee attached should be fixed now !
i wish this whole stupid saga would just end already
it 's like reading a series of novels where every new release accompanied by ridiculous media hype is just exactly the same story .
investments go here only direct replies to me will be processed
to prevent thread spam and other natural disasters i only respond to direct replies .
other commands will be ignored and may be penalized .
visit memes.market https memes.market for help market statistics and investor profiles .
no this week they were safe jets fuel ca n't melt steel browns !
maybe some attacks on the eu too for being inflexible something for the right wing to press to fawn over how strong '' she is
white oil or soapy water every few days until they 're completely dead .
keep an eye out for spider mites as well .
apparently you 're not educated on sesame street lore .
funny how you have n't provided a valid argument in response to any of the comments made
i thought of you as soon as i saw this .
this should be a top comment presumably the guy who made the video in the current top comment got the technique from you .
i 'm wondering how people made clear ice before though did they use the same technique ?
people do n't understand that ggg does n't buff its leagues because of the fantasy that std markets matter .
they will never give us rewards as good as perandus or legacy ever again .
this post is some guy 's last chance to take a hint before she puts a ring on it .
you can smell the illa in her killa and it ai n't the dank that 's stank .
edit do stupid white kids really drive to the hood for weed ?
so you just need to have played through most of the level then you can skip the last 10 ?
not as impressive as your first post sounded lol .
i want to see you getting mentally prepared to punch levi .
if she wants in space she would never stop spinning
also your macros should be 5 carbs 25 protein and the rest fat .
too much protein can and will target gluconeogenesis and you do n't want that at all .
please remember that this subreddit is a safe space for socialist discussion .
any liberalism capitalist apologia anti-socialism gun-prohibition campaigning or attempts to debate socialism will be met with an immediate ban .
bigotry ableism http www.autistichoya.com/p/ableist-words-and-terms-to-avoid.html and hate speech will also be met with immediate bans .
if you are still unsure what content is allowed on lsc see what lsc is and is not https www.reddit.com/r/latestagecapitalism/comments/8qojst/what_lsc_is_and_is_not_for_those_visiting_from .
if you are new to socialism please check out our socialism crash course https github.com/dessalines/essays/blob/master/crash_course_socialism.md and our socialism faq https github.com/dessalines/essays/blob/master/socialism_faq.md .
if you are curious as to what our leftist terminology means then please check out our glossary of socialist terms https github.com/dessalines/essays/blob/master/glossary_of_socialist_terms.md .
if you 'd like to do something about injustice join a socialist organization in your city https github.com/dessalines/essays/blob/master/anticapitalist_orgs.md organizations .
for an extended list of works check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/latestagecapitalism/wiki/index or this masterlist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latestagecapitalism if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like they abort english subtitles because i check the website either but i ca n't even enter the site
not so stabilized that you get that floaty disconnected feeling but enough to get a nice clear image that is easy to watch and follow without feeling sick .
a lot of the time it is the chest mount causing issues and not the camera .
check out the following video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tlq31q4km4w https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tlq31q4km4w
turns out that 740 item is just to bring down the in game cost back to original price .
the in game price to reset feats costs 50 copper or silver the first time you do it then slightly increases each time .
do it often enough and one might want to by the 740 item to reset the original in game cost to 50 copper .
you visit a trainer pay 50 copper and that 's it .
you all want to call names and be hostile to the other side when everyone has the choice to be civil and find common ground .
can we have a mini eli drake named wee like drake ''
i 'm trying to eat mostly vegan but i do eat eggs and some real cheese .
i do like some of the vegan cheeses out there .
if you have a health food store or your grocery store has a healthy section start exploring that .
but truthfully i usually just look up vegan and vegetarian recipes on line and go from there .
i do n't know if you cook but it 's easier than you think .
i can still laughing on it when i told my former classmate that if he 's gon na marry with that woman the he and his children will suffer .
and then i told another opportunity where he will marry with a blonde green-eyed woman .
and then i saw his posts on fb around 06.30.2018 .
just as i told him that he will marry with a blonde green eyed woman .
go buy a can and drop it off at the hospital .
its not my opnion that the 9th gen civic are ugly .
but auto journalist slammed the the 9th gen when it first came out calling it the worst generation ever the face lift help made review a lot more positive .
that 's low end wr1/high end wr2 production though .
even obj and brown scored 9 and 15 ppr points last week .
julio needs to give anibal and kevin a bunting clinic .
i know the king and queen are just ceremonial now but why are the royal family so apolitical ?
x means multiply x by 1 '' or take the negative of x '' .
you do n't understand the beauty of the destruction of a language ! ''
it 's for this precise reason that i hope the internet can remain uncontrolled by the government .
human beings have never had this level of access to so much information .
the us was gung ho for free trade read us top dog when it whacked the ussr and beat them .
and us capitalists have to now live with the real threat posed by the other capitalists they created when they helped history move a step further on the road to it 's end .
and now they want to go back in time .
you can purchase a whole sprue of heads from someone on ebay who sells bits .
https www.ebay.com/itm/flames-of-war-british-guards-head-sprue-bso189/362434738668 ? epid=1868610582 hash=item5462cb39ec g:0r8aaoxygj5sk5rn sc uspsfirstclass ! 98006 ! us ! 1 go from start to finish on the sprue critique each one as you go and improve on one or two things each time .
the best way to get better is to paint more minis so this should get you the most head bang '' for your buck bah-dum-tss .
captain morgans mickeys and the half mickey are extremely easy to smuggle in .
they will sell liquor but the lineup is so slow and options suck
in the mosh pit and surrounding areas in front of the floor you wo n't have any issues smoking line a chimney either !
i love concerts and they are my weakness when it comes to drugs and alcohol !
i spent one week with a dog i tried to adopt and it was one week too many .
after repeated puddles of piss on my carpet despite it being allegedly house trained multiple lunges at me and my wife despite it being listed as good tempered and trying to kill my cat despite being cat friendly we sent that thing back to the shelter .
i got the requisite shit from my dog loving friends for not putting myself and my cat in danger to see if it would work but nothing felt better than coming home from dropping him off cracking open a beer in my quiet house and collapsing on the couch with my cat .
they could also blink blockers to negate the lifelink .
they quite often drag the game long so do n't count out your karn ults .
plan for the dreaded gq aven mindcensor plays those are super punishing .
idk though it 's been a hot minute since i 've played this matchup
did they make the precision kills one easier as well ?
the ee paterson st stops will drop you next to or near it depending on which way you come in from
the i ca n't even dry or style my hair because it 's all going to break off '' look is everywhere .
he 's claimed fault but being a dick about it also i 'm to sleep deprived in to much pain and to drugged out to give a shit atm
her intro segment showed her family and she actually talked about it with jc at one point i believe and it was on the show .
when they were talking about how hard it was being lgbtq with parents kaycee mentioned how mom a traditional filipino was very resistant at first but eventually accepted it .
it 's a stunning view of the city from here .
i 've bought from the seller before and not had issues .
he even pointed that one i was looking at was recently repotted and was still a little wobbly .
how fast are your runs on nox compared to not ?
it 's hard to say without knowing anything about this girl but one thing i used to like doing was grabbing a bottle of wine or two and some cheap plastic cups and going out to sit on the sand under the stars on the beach .
north beach is best since there are always kids or douchebags out there on south beach .
it 's super romantic but in a down-to-earth way since it 's extremely affordable and you 're just outside in the world .
and it 's great for talking and getting to know someone .
maybe go out to dinner somewhere nearby first and then head out to the water .
what i wouldve given to be a pi lawyer in that town
i ca n't give drivers less than 5 ... elderly folks barely scraping by making wrong turns eh i feel like i 'd be firing them .
interestingly i read in a region like the deep south you 'd give 4 for a nice pleasant ride .
in the sf bay area a few too many 4 ratings and you 're off the app .
this was an interesting listen you did a great job .
seeing as this article targets the prosecutor for something that happens all the time i 'm inclined to believe it 's either politically motivated propaganda or a hit piece .
i mean did you look at the domain name ?
they can give us jiren z-battle and all those 250m download things in same time as japan but they do n't want to give us battlefield 2.0 smh
i would say it 's cost effective but they never really seemed to fight very well .
bunch of kids in costumes you could n't even see out of kicked their ass !
animals become impatient and birds fly away in the same direction .
depends on your match or tournament organizer for the most part most people are good on allowing models swaps if they make sense similar base sizes and model height ... for example i use slambo as a daemon prince .
seems like the canned response with the added message that engineers are fixing the problem .
structural pieces on ships are generally in as few parts as possible yes .
feels like just last week the sub dropped under 500k because of the game
similar story it was either second or third grade i had a friend who reaaaally had to go but his teacher would n't let him up and told him he had to wait until lunch time .
he was terrified of getting sent to the principal paddling was still a thing our principal 's had holes drilled in his so it would swing faster and ended up pissing himself at his desk .
he was so humiliated and his parents so angry he ended up being homeschooled immediately after and we never saw him again .
i do n't think it ever fazed his teacher she just pretended he did n't exist after that from what i was told .
if you find yourself in a fair fight it means your tactics were bad .
my doctor did say if this machine did n't work they would swap it out with a new one .
so big bird is basically a less social media savvy joel embiid ?
i think he 's worth a gamble i 'd take a late first round pick on him .
but that article refers to really hot drinks hotter than we usually drink them .
the carolyn wilson thing and the muslim comments have all been in the last 5-6 years .
it 's not because of a one off event it 's continual pattern of behaviour over numerous years .
or you know it 's trolling because you have a throwaway account lots of money and looks a model but ca n't find a boyfriend .
if it is affecting her hormones it sounds like it is a secreting type .
i have good news for you medicine has every type of hormone available to balance it out .
and neuro surgeons have gotten pretty good at treating them .
getting news that you or a loved one has a tumor fucking sucks but it is almost always better to know than to not know because you can take control over the situation .
it 's less about living without the need for children and more about hating kids and bitching about having to be around them .
at least it was when i last took a look .
i 'm in no way saying they advocated for this i do n't think they would .
though if i switch animals more then once they are sort of layer on top of each other .
well i imagine that it would be in arabic instead of english .
what exactly is and is n't subtweeting bc there 's this one poster on r/friendsofthepod in particular who annoys the crap outta me but i dont wan na piss off management
i only do it cause going to jail sounds worse .
you justified you actions by saying it is legal .
by this logic we should just make paying for birth control mandatory and you 'd be fine with it right ?
i 'm gon na get around to doing some css and advertising to get this sub active eventually i swear xp
u forfeit yr minor pts if u gain more pts in the major according to the new rules
it 's because that 's all the media is spewing onto people .
hard to convince someone that some guns 100 years ago were significantly more powerful than the ar-15 .
the 5.56 is only used by militaries instead of bigger calibers because it 's lighter but powerful enough to be effective .
yeah a .45 will fuck you up just as badly as a 5.56 and it can come from a package 1/5th of the size of an ar15 .
not to mention that a shotgun is much worse than a 5.56 could ever hope to be .
thing is they do n't want people to be safer .
if they wanted people to be safer they 'd go after the cause not the symptoms .
the scene when the hula hoop falls at the feet of a kid and he starts spinning it around his waist and neck .
me and my friends rewound and watched that like 20 times .
took all mine just to get 1 sb mewtwo .
is n't that the premise of the john carter novels ?
that he goes to a planet with like hardly any gravity and is a superhero ?
lol you can see kg muttering crazy motherf\*\*\*er '' after seeing him dance .
i actually did make it on the news once .
a classmate on the first floor of my dormatory died suddenly due to a congenital heart defect .
i did not know this as i approached the door to my dorm which was roped off with police tape .
a reporter and cameraman approached me and asked me about what do you know about the student who just died here ? ''
they captured the full minute of panic i went through as i mentally flitted through everyone i knew on the first floor of my building .
the camera captured a confused and frightened young man .
but i also think society is in desperate need of more people having the capacity to change in this direction .
wanted to spend halloween of 2016 with my brother and his kids cause i have n't started a family yet boss decided to say come in and help or you 're fired. needed the job at the time so i go in grumpy as hell .
deliver about 4 pizzas to this older gentleman 's house and he asks me how my halloween is going .
i 'm honest with him and he takes me into this big ass room .
tells me he 's an architect and shows me some schematics he 's drawing up for a new home for a client .
i posted this a while back on another thread but here 's a longer version of the story .
i got the bends also called decompression sickness i had nitrogen bubbling out of my blood on dive 303 with what they call an undeserved hit '' for non-divers i should n't have gotten bent based on what i did .
that said i was diving more aggressively than i ever had before .
i was doing 3 dives a day on nitrox a breathing gas that combines air with extra oxygen to 80-90 feet max depth per dive for about an hour and a half per dive i was really good on air but it turns out that the co2 load that goes with this was probably a contributing factor .
i got tagged on the sixth dive day of the trip .
on the 18th dive of the trip at 60 feet i got a little nauseated i get motion sick so this was n't too unusual a little strange at depth though .
after a few minutes i elected to abort the dive i signaled my wife/dive buddy and the dive master slowly went to the surface and did my safety stop but by the time i was at the surface i was really feeling fatigued .
i had to have the dive masters on the boat take my rig before i could climb on board this was weird i always climb on board wearing all my gear .
by the time we got back to the resort my fingers started tingling a little like your hands falling asleep then my toes and then the tingling grew together until it covered my whole body .
i asked for oxygen but that did n't seem to help .
after several more minutes of just not feeling right i asked to be taken to the hospital .
i do n't remember most of the 3 hour boat ride and drive except that i violently threw up a couple of times .
two decompression chamber rides a 4 hour and a 2 hour with hyperbaric oxygen took care of most of my symptoms .
i was intensely fatigued for several days so much so that i was too tired to finish meals in the hotel restaurant you ca n't fly for several days after getting bent .
i got random spontaneous vertigo for several months afterwards and based on this a dive doctor back in the states told me that if i ever dove again i 'd almost certainly get bent again and if i got bent again it would kill me .
i 'm not a complete idiot i no longer dive .
there were several divers doing exactly what i did including my wife .
some of those also did the 4th dive of the day .
i dive well dove with a suunto computer one known for being really conservative and i never violated it 3 dan dive doctors looked at my dive profiles and agreed that i had n't deserved this my only bout of decompression sickness even though as i pointed out before i was diving pretty aggressively .
best we can figure i probably have a few physiological issues that caused this to happen and they made me a ticking time bomb .
i 'm so happy that i got in a lot of really great dives before this happened .
i 'm so happy that this did n't happen to my wife or my daughter .
no permanent damage except for some tinnitus and a lifetime ban on diving but there 's a whole world above sea level to explore .
i got to see some incredible stuff in my tenure under the water .
best of all though is that i got to meet some amazing people the best thing about diving i think are the divers .
yeah because the movie is more relevant to the us
when was the last time you had chocolate in any variety ?
the plastic of the little box they are in scratches easily
ok but if you dont want to spend 100 you can leave it as unactivated windows .
what does the line that says customer downpayment say ?
for me it was the cost of my car paid cash .
i personally like the cable if it was n't for the aforementioned qc problems .
i did n't really like anansi ... i guess perhaps the biggest problem i have with her is that we 've never seen her before as alya 's sister .
maybe i 'm oblivious and she was in some other episode but to me it felt like they were shoehorning someone in .
instantly family even though i was never under the impression that alya had siblings in addition to the twins .
who also appeared kind of suddenly it just seemed like a last minute idea .
hmm ... lets give alya another sister '' in addition i just did n't feel like the two had any chemistry as sisters .
they do n't look alike and we only see this strict side of the newly introduced sister .
where was this sister when alya was endangered before ! ?
how big are the plugs and which one did you have in ?
other than toys and fingers what has gotten you off before ?
there are 117 comments on their blog all in general celebration of her innovative ideas .
thank you for your submission however it has been removed because it has been automatically determined to be breaking the following r/videos rule
if having read the rule in full https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/rules wiki_rule_1_-_no_politics you believe that it does not apply to your video please click here https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/automoderator/p/c11 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
dudes trying at least he did n't leave the hose on the floor .
i 'm just asking someone who had the game to try it .
i might buy it with the plan to return if it does n't .
or is free speech and people have to decide for themselves .
i do n't know about you but i do n't have a pube beard on the bottom of my balls .
i like that his handwriting seemed to have improved within the time santa was able to reply the first time and his literacy improved a lot too .
the robot traveling inwards got nearly half way in before he was frozen .
basically means if you 're not dead center of the blizzard you can pretty much escape .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9hx9gt/most_intense_celebrity_crush_you_have_ever_had .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
sometimes someone else 's neediness '' even if partially made up actually becomes something i can hitch a ride on to push my brain into actually accomplishing things it finds uninteresting .
i 'm kinda disappointed in the lack of tac glasses commercials tonight
if you do n't tell the cops i 'll tell you the real identity of wink wink
luke about to meet the full force of dc comics lawyers
i just got kacey musgraves ' on vinyl—highly recommend .
sounds like a fun game the time also works for me
gotcha does this also mean that when i have to sacrifice a creature i have to sacrifice the creature even if it has shroud ?
or does shroud protect the creature from being sacrificed as well ?
los angeles center aspen 20 can you give us a ground speed check ?
heard more than one story of broken teeth no thanks
but we should really stop denying the fact that he 's certainly improved more careers than he 's hindered at this point in time
teyana cudi was extremely unhappy about his treatment on good even though its what kick-started his career mr hudson kacy hill hxlt desiigner .
those last four you hear absolutely nothing about desiigner being the most talked about of those four .
and that 's just his own label not to mention the countless artists he 's gotten close with and just switched up .
i do agree with some of what you 're saying .
like i have n't enjoyed any recent common or john legend projects he 's given plenty of people a massive improvement and platform too like big sean and cudi .
but there 's too many cases of hindrance for me to completely gloss over it .
thank you for your kind words it means the world to me right now ...
i guess if my distractions helped before i can find a way to have them help me again .
it 's one thing to know you 're not alone but another to hear it so i really do appreciate it .
and here i am with an apple store pickup window of 9:00am-9:30am 13 hours ago with still no phone due to last minute logistical issues '' ...
i did not realize this was a different comment and i was so confused
oh my goodness i could have written this exact thing .
he 's not even correct though those kinda fractions do exist
hey we have a subreddit that is designed for services like this .
looks like city are just spreading the goals around .
it just occured to me that if steve is actually in the game and uses things like a shovel .
its probably why shovel knight is not in the game .
sakurai was like well we can have a bunch of new characters running around with shovels '' .
i know in the big cities like chicago a lot of places dont let you pay on cc due to high level of fraud in certain areaa
not disagreeing that the ashley regime has been littered with incompetence shit management probably skimming money out to prop up his other businesses .
he had been out of the loop of football for so long and his track record was doing a runner .
once ashley has gone and hopefully soon this source of revenue for him will dry up .
yes he did wonders for us in the 90s i ca n't remember him as a player but then he ran away when it did n't go right when he had the cash then ran from city and england jobs .
it was a recruitment designed to get people to just like ashley .
on the bestbuy.com website he would have bought the product in order to be allowed to make a review .
if you enjoyed lis you should definitely play the awesome adventures of captain spirit .
it 's completely free about 3 hours long and was released basically as a teaser for lis2 .
i 've never heard anyone ever say haa '' where exactly in germany would that be ?
oh man i 'm never going to unsee this .
jack nicholson stopped aging so leo could catch up .
people who think this can not happen are braindead and out of touch with reality
he says he has a source on the hw team that is about to get fired .
you have n't mentioned even notionally who your source is or if you even have a real one .
so many independents who regularly vote republican even in the primaries .
when will the left learn that the people who want this were already going to vote for them anyway ?
all he 's doing is costing himself votes and handing both the governor 's mansion and the senate right back to the gop
looks like an average game of mario kart to me .
having travelled extensively to china i can tell you this is probably the most inaccurate statement i 've ever come across .
do n't forget to try egg-coffee at giang cafe .
they do 3 day weeks ... it may even be shorter now that they do n't have competition day .
i was having a hard time finding anything other than espn listed for tv coverage until i checked titantv .
just wanted to share what i found in case anyone else was looking .
mad max was pretty but the same thing over and over .
far cry is nothing but outposts and terrible characters assassin 's creed has an identity crisis every year trying to figure out what it wants to be .
we need stuff like rdr 2 and cyberpunk to set things straight .
just try to do that to a woman and see what happens lol .
if it cranks and runs for a few moments then the problem has nothing to do with the solenoid .
i do n't like the matchmaking system and it 's prerequisites at all !
that 's why different countries set different rules so that they can live the way they think is right .
i was wearing ballistic vest while camping main control tower nwaf .
i got shot twice in 30 minute frame both time my health was flashing .
bandaged myself while my friend took care of intruder i survived .
i checked my stuff both vest and jacket has been pristine but my ushanka has been ruined .
so i probably get two headshots but ushanka saved me .
funny stuff is friend shot guy in ballistic vest it was pristine but his jacket was ruined .
i checked stream later he shot him above vest to neck area .
they have big ramps with foam pits on the other side .
at some point they still have to decide to try it for real which requires large balls .
mane is more key to liverpool 's success than salah
i have n't heard the he500 but it suffers from the same design problems as the h400 stupid f-connectors and really heavy .
they can spend 50m on cows milk but they cant afford '' to subsidize plant-milk for school lunches .
for me it depends like if you are on a break or have an open rim run you can take an extra step or two to pull off whatever exciting dunk or whatever but if you are taking 3-4 steps in order to do a euro or a step through on your opponent then it becomes a problem .
if something requires belief it is not yet objectively truthful .
that pipelines are the most irresponsible and uneconomic means of transporting petroleum and that rail is the most responsible and economic means of transporting petroleum is true irrespective of anyone 's belief .
why are we surprised that a system built by and for democrats kept him away from the nomination ?
the democrats enabled him to be louder and go farther than he would 've ever gotten on his own .
instead of being grateful for the platform he watches the party self destruct over him .
he has a fiancé who went to college ... he does n't need your cake day well wishes .
difference is the screen is bigger and the camera is better literally all i noticed so if people are telling you it bigger as the difference that 's because it is the fucking difference .
i think ave did the igling in dh stockholm which also put a load off msl so he could frag .
but in major since ave could not igl and msl had to do it and then getting knocked out in challengers stage maybe that 's why they are replacing him ?
he is not getting benched for playing good but not fulfilling his job as an igl .
reminds me of super intricate line rider designs from way back .
so the deadly tackles on manchester city players continue ?
in germany they had a saying rechts stehen links gehen which means right stand left go
and with our dumbass dnc gearing up to run corey booker in 2020 we 're not gon na find out his successor until 2024
i could n't find any of this on the wiki so thanks so much for this .
will update tommorow evening to see if it has worked
i imagine the feeling of nothing being peaceful blissfully unaware .
think about it hopefully when we die the pain and worry of daily life will be gone .
it 's just i suspect it 's a wonderful feeling .
as far as i can recall every wet dream i 've had — including the ones i 've been able to mentally prevent — has happened when i sleep on my back .
it 's because the penis is smack in the middle between my breathing stomach and the semi-rough fabric of the duvet .
i 've read this from several scientific sources about wet dreams that most wet dreams are triggered by some sort stimulation of the penis .
so whatever works for you but my safest bet is to stay on my side .
it keeps me from having sleep paralysis as well which is nice .
first that 's not really an unpopular opinion i and most of the subreddit agrees but to play devils advocate i think apple did n't include the lightning to headphone jack to almost force people to go wireless while not letting people use the adapter as a crutch because it costs them cents to put it in the box and it 's only 10 in their store .
while many people have argued that it 's just to sell more airpods and beats i think they are thinking bigger picture to force anyone who owns an iphone to use any wireless devices because the end goal is to get rid of the lightning port anyways .
at least that 's what i think apple 's thinking .
luke had discovered the path to redemption from the dark side when he saved vader .
instinctively trying to kill your nephew is like turning around to crash your car on that sidewalk you did n't hit last time .
female bodybuilders do n't tend to take nearly as much steroids as men do and most likely not enough to cause ridiculous side affects mainly because their bodies react to it in a different and much worse way then guys tend to with some steroids
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
do you care that someone who went to the accusers school heard about the event but that 's all she wants to say about it ?
fucking bullshit how people can believe this strategy from the democrat party
gamertags stay locked even after someone changes their name away from it .
ms periodically releases them but i think they 've only done it once thus far since the inception of the service ...
yeah that 's aud as well so it 's like ... us 600 ?
hydro discs and 105 looks fucking sweet for the cash
so because we ca n't be perfect and eliminate all suffering from our lives completely we should actively go out and cause suffering by paying people to stab animals in the throat for our pleasure ?
clothes electronics etc can be made without exploitation and/or death whereas meat is inextricably linked to it .
sorta off topic but i wonder if anyone can relate .
i never win races my oppressor is a suicide machine i 'm harmless in a hydra .
i can go up and down those winding mountain roads at top speed and take every turn flawlessly not even one close call to tipping over .
anyone else like that or am i a freak ?
yes just either go to exhibition match set all tactics up with the team you want and save it or go into edit mode and do it there .
i have 420 doubloons saved up just ready to dump when i 'm close .
if you look at a xv australia have a team who could be as good as anyone in the world a 23 they are top 3 in terms of talent 33 they are no worse than top 5 .
yes there is a problem with australian talent leaking overseas .
but even with that we still have a world class team .
the problem is at the moment cheika is getting less than the sum of the parts out of his team .
what cheika is good at is revving up his team but his team is n't responding to that anymore .
so what were left with is no real tactics no good strategies and awful selection and substitutions .
cheika ball has been figgured out just watch the engliand games if you want to see a blueprint for beating it .
if you take kyoto in peace-deal it will transfer you capital to japan switch to shogun and give you all daimyo to your command .
so you suddenly encircled in vassals and have no mandate leaking .
after that you just have to be careful where to expand .
it takes a certain type of leader to break procedure and appoint yes men to important roles .
this is the attitude from european eurocrats that lead to brexit .
he crossed a red line being completely drunk having to be lead around by european leaders .
this is another red line event that proves we need reform in brussels before other countries also follow britain .
if rules mean nothing to our leaders then the european union is already dead will anyone fight to preserve the greatest peace process ever seen on this planet .
mines luke vs vader rotj closely followed by anakin vs obiwan .
luke vs kylo was the only good duel in the sequels not because of the choreography but because of the emotion and the projection badassery
did n't play for quite some time is the update worth installing it again ?
as a bonus all dd captains will hate you .
the harugumo and the new rn dd line can spam he too 2.5 second base reload looooool but you ca n't just hug island all day and need to do some dd things cap anti-dd torp etc
ayyyyyye but remember do n't be creepy and do n't ask for sex right away !
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
hey joyfulnina your submission will need to be manually approved because it looks like self promotion .
r/youtube is not intended for promoting videos or channels and posts for that purpose will be removed whether it is your own or someone else 's .
please review the rules of r/youtube https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/3nfm7r/ryoutube_subreddit_rules_please_read_before and of reddit as a whole https www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy .
if you 've reviewed the rules and still think your post is suitable please send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoutube subject=please+approve+my+post. message 5blink+to+my+post 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/9hyky9/upcoming_diy_and_fashion_videos 29 so that we can take a look !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's how you 're supposed to launch the game with steam 's launch options .
in your lutris options there should be something called arguments '' under game options . ''
did the mighty ps 01 ever take lethal tempo ?
yeah the nice thing about consoles is they just work .
ocassionl os update or game patch but all the hardware is the same so there 's no worrying about compatibility driver issues if your cpu gpu is strong enough etc .
i noticed thay metadata for movies and tv shows is still experimental .
does that explain that fanart is not being displayed for tv shows in my cloud folder ?
works fine for movies in my movie cloud folder .
i thought yours was a very calming and comforting piece that kind of feels like it would fit a warm summer evening around dusk where the sun touches the last bits around you before it hides behind our planet .
i like to throw them in a samplers and experiment with adding effects and make them sound like something completely different .
looking for ga sfa hvv players to team up with i like to play all these modes but sfa is probably my favourite .
i have a mic btw and prefer if you do too but it 's not mandatory .
that 's more indicative of the news you watch or lack thereof as opposed to a statement about your countries coverage of others .
trump alone has made many false claims about the uk and our freedom of speech and our immigration problem amongst other topics in the last year not to mention other right wing media jumping on board .
yeah that 's one thing i was always sure about i am one heck of a hopeless romantic
i agree but this is not the first time he 's said this .
it it absolutely ridiculous to think that he had the race on lock and completely threw it away with this .
to be fair oladipo may have been an average starter at the time but he was always extremely athletic and his high potential is why he was drafted at number 2 .
the cinema sign rowan atkinson is the nerd stands infront of an aston martin
do n't you mean original rhody who was paid more than any other cast member in im1 😁
they probably would have made sure they hired someone as bruce banner who was willing to work together with them .
not tried so hard with iron man 2 to make a sequel so quick .
maybe made the thor earth scenes take place at a different time or place ?
the blue part is a water tank and as we all know different stars have different density so while they all look the same size they are not equally heavy the bottom stars are fx neutron stars only barely able to stay afloat in the water .
as for the rest it is simply a birthday cake of many layers .
while driving in beverly hills micky rourke yes the actor cut me off leaned out of his car window and started calling me every curse word i 've ever heard and some i had n't .
all i had done was sit waiting for the light to turn green .
yarn costs a lot aida cloth almost an arm and a leg depending where you get it .
and if you want elaborate patterns you have to pay for them unless you know how to make them yourself .
its a monster girl from the monster girl encyclopedia wiki
the light green strips look like the sunshine reflecting off tall buildings .
about 200 people are killed from power tool accidents annually
for some perspective alcohol kills around 88,000 something we consume recreationally and in massive numbers
falls kills about 33,300 just short of our total number of gun deaths by about 300 essentially chance
so tell me again how its guns that are particularly dangerous
hey it appears funimation did n't dub how not to summon a demon lord after episode 9 ?
they are standing at the edge why didnt he knock them off ?
fake news was a term made up to censor and discredit unapproved news sources .
just got into a match for titanfall 2 it stutters whenever i move in game .
if i stand still or watch a kill cam it runs smoothly ... ?
picked hazard as captain ca n't wait for salah and aguero to score double hattricks
if lonzo starts hitting shots like he did at ucla he will be one of the best pg 's in the league .
she is confirmed hired to do the new gods movie .
yeah same and i do n't even have anything linked to that particular google account .
depends on where you live but you might step on a snake
i hate starlings for the same sort of reason being way too close to my window that is .
the nazi state itself committed crimes against humanity and international law .
hell in some countries that 's how you get to know one another dates are only happening if the sex is good .
i got it on sale on the e shop for pretty cheap and bought a few cars but not many .
it 's fun but their loot crate shit sucks horribly .
its not cool when the goverment comes and kills millions of its own defenseless citizens .
and that 's a good plan assuming the us military is stuck in 1776 but as it turns out the us army happens to have tanks helicopter gunships and hellfire missiles so your chances if overthrowing the government are zero regardless of whether you own an ar-15 .
we need to string up t***s from olive trees .
their culture needs to be obliterated their history as well .
we need to kill every last female and male .
this thread has a few suggestions https www.reddit.com/r/fantasy/comments/22pb7o/magic_vs_tech_books ? utm_source=reddit-android
thanks for helping me decide what to read next !
even if it 's rng there 's probably some mechanism right ?
i 've seen 10 every 48 minutes '' and a chance every 20 source missions '' thrown about a few times do you happen to know in that sense ?
any reason except those related to your status as member of a protected category .
i had a friend whose house was literally raided like swat team raided because one of his roommates was caught in a bust of a cp ring .
they knew what they were looking for and what laptop by the other files but not who it belonged to .
still the guy got off with a wrist slap because in the minutes between hearing the police at his front door the cops detaining him his laptop very coincidentally got a virus '' that corrupted '' most of his files .
this guy is in no way intelligent or tech savvy either .
so basically yes and yes to what you 're saying .
if you can get to the point where you promo for prime then i 'm sure he can do it again .
my dick sometimes hits the bottom of urinals so this would be a good idea .
responsive is optional and its only function is to provide voip access to untrusted ip 's .
why does part of the rugrats theme tune keep playing before each name they announce ? ?
and they could have at least put the names on a piece of paper for them to read so they did n't have to keep doing the awkward pause as they wait for the screen to reveal it for them to say .
making a game more predictable does n't necessarily make it more skill or knowledge based .
i 'm probably the worst at changing my build based on the game but i think league would be a lot more interesting if items were more situation-based and less formulaic because at that point what 's the point of items in the first place ?
i live in knoxville and i 've seen him at the gym several times .
one day i was using the squat rack and saw him standing near me looking at his phone and finally worked up the courage to talk to him .
i said you want to work in on this ? ''
he just looked up from his phone and said oh i 'm good .
and proceded to walk around and use pretty much every machine at max weight .
you dont look up and down you just hope to god nobody picks oddjob .
something like a used steelcase leap or herman miller aeron will be the same or cheaper and they 're absolutely worth it .
especially if you spend all day at your desk .
there are non the test is weird an covers alot of topics .
there 's a post somewhere on the sub written google matince mechanic reddit by a current mech with good tips but there is no guide or study book beyond the prep material you get when you choose your center and date .
out of all the people begging me for attention you are by far the most desperate for it .
you make little scrapbooks and follow me around and check up on me every day of your boring life because you have nothing else to look forward to .
i 'm sure you 're very proud of the life you built for yourself hahaha .
another exciting internet day spent talking to no one and accomplishing nothing buit at least your internet drama friends think you 're edgy and cool .
i 'm sure you 'll never regret the amount of time you spent during your exciting years trying to impress dipshits on the internet rather than trying to make friends .
once upon a time in a cloaca far far away
well i was super looking forward to it and was supposed to be my last game for it but i guess im still happy we are even getting the p3d/p5d games at all the vita lasted so long so im honestly glad we had a good run anyway
who on the planet called earth can not be pro lane kiffin
i honestly thought arso 's lover was important town like mayor
from the snippets alone its clear puppy would have been much better .
everyone i see doing it has poop stains on their underwear .
dunno if they have a nice butt ca n't get past the stains .
i 'm not a fan is sagging but the hate some people have is crazy .
surprised someone has n't brought up that men can do it and women ca n't and it 's somehow anti-woman .
4-x-x is about as expensive as a camo village but provides camo detection for all towers as well as a bit of popping power .
5-x-x is good for late game when you have a lot of abilities .
bottom path airburst darts are insane if you buff them
mustangs in my experience are just rattley but i 'd be a little upset about a 2016 being rattley
he just ran out and died when he realized it .
did he come off the bag while the tag was applied ?
it would be the same thing if you were missing an earlobe or hell even a finger since birth .
i rode the original the bat at kings island when i was in 4th grade .
before then i had always been scared of but fascinated by roller coasters .
after that ride i was no longer afraid ... just obsessed .
i do n't know you but i doubt that it is true .
my husband laughs at my bad jokes because they are awful .
but these things do n't make us funny just funny to each other .
i 'm not sure if i would share my drug history with my doc though .
i watched it on canadian tv but the show was from australia .
back before the internet i could n't get anyone to even believe it existed .
finally i had an australian co-worker who confirmed it to everyone else .
honestly i would look at first making this into a druid subclass .
see how much of your idea you can fit into druid by itself .
if druid turns out to be entirely too restrictive then by all means make an entirely new class .
creating a new class is a lot of work .
often i 've been able to get what i needed out of subclasses even when i thought the class would be need to be more expansive .
writing subclasses also lets me find bits of cruft in my design letting me refine it to the points that actually truly matter .
i 'd suggest starting off with a level 2 subclass talent that says something along the lines of
2 add 2 creatures of cr druid level/4 or lower to a list called your roster .
up to 1 of these creatures may be a non-beast .
whenever you add creatures to your roster you may also substitute a creature already on your roster with a different creature of the same type following cr rules for the current level .
you gain the benefits of this feature every time you gain a new druid circle feature .
2 you may use wild shape an unlimited number of times and you may use wild shape as a bonus action on your turn .
wild shape may only be used to transform into creatures listed on your roster .
this already got pretty complex just setting it up .
try adding more subclass features yourself it 's fun !
erdogan destroyed the last vestiges of the turkish democracy so he could keep his goat-fucking self as dictator for life .
private industry also tends to exploit the fuck out of student populations in university towns so a balance would be nice .
too many university towns have student ghettos with substandard housing
at least the hobos start fires for hot dogs and s'mores .
welp i get skewered over hp fanfics in yahoo groups pre ff.net .
both of these candidate are awful so i am just not voting at all. it 's irresponsible and just plain stupid .
go out do your research find a candidate that matches your opinion to the nearest point and support them .
please do n't let someone be in office who is putting our country at risk of such major damage because you were too proud to participate .
cruz stated his position and attacked o'rourke on his position .
labels been holding him back for too many years man .
the minion can be added to hand but that 's about as far as the process will go .
that was n't a strawman but you are distracting people from the debate which is basically the same .
i kinda thought the middle portion was a little bleh but the beginning and end were fantastic to me
could have done great things guess they should n't have told us military personel in the middle east to go themselves .
depend 's on what you want out of the game i suppose and your definition of a good player '' .
harper 's attitude is gon na drag his extremely promising career down
do n't think this ever leaked unless you 're talking about mood that was produced by tm88
it 's like saying michael jordan or a navy seal is n't smart in comparison to some smelly dweeb that came up with a math equation
specifically i tend to include some sound symbolism in the rime such that words with a similar meaning share a rime or at least some of the features of a rime .
for example words for aquatic plants in fymçwe tend to have and share the rime uʎ ull kjull means fully submerged aquatic plants in general including seaweeds tull means watermeal smallest duckweed full means seagrass and so on .
i also take some loan words but i tend to modify them so heavily to fit fymçwe 's monosyllabic pattern they tend not to be recognizable waj means young or youthful '' but comes from quechua wayna for example .
for your conlang if you want to use sound symbolism you can make a chart of features phonemes and/or syllable components and assign a category to each of them and then incorporate these sounds into your language 's vocabulary .
the type of sound symbolism i have been describing is called clustering '' but there are other types of sound symbolism including onomatopoeia .
some languages such as japanese apparently have something in between but i 'm not the best person to explain that .
if you do n't want to use sound symbolism you can also always take loans .
when you take loanwords think about what kind of conculture you have .
what are the influences and are you trying to mirror or parallel to any significant extent a real-world culture such as the arab world or the pueblo peoples of the american southwest ?
for example if you are trying to reflect inspiration from australian aboriginal mythology or culture i 'd suggest you look at aboriginal languages such as warlpiri in which case this http www.ausil.org.au/node/3717 is a great resource .
finally you could try creating a bunch of words lacking the phonemes or sounds your trying to use less of .
i want to get out of the clinic and back into the hospital .
i worked med/surg directly out if school got super burned out with the terrible workload and staffing and now have been working in a community clinic the last 2 years .
i feel like almost everyone at the clinic is not busy enough with patients because they have apparently infinite time for gossip drama backstabbing each other reporting petty bullshit to each others ' managers ...
i still have culture shock at how childish an entire staff of adults can act and it makes me miss being too busy for people to start looking for trouble with each other .
dealing with crazy coworkers is much scarier than dealing with patients !
both the 125s i had were crappy chinese imports .
the first was after i passed my cbt and i needed something cheap to practise on in the uk you can ride up to 125 alone after you pass compulsory basic training .
after i got knocked off my sv and insurance wrote it off i could n't afford a good bike so i bought another cheap chinese 125 to get me to work and back .
as someone who saw the episode early ive been waiting with baited breath .
that my friends is a man that 's been pick pocketed enough times to develop even the slightest sense to movement of his back pocket .
oh i remember now he 's from that one dej loaf song
doctor i have a pain in my nether regions ... nudge nudge wink wink 😉
if she is flirting than i 'm sure there will be more moments haha .
well i guess i 'll just buy 1 month of ea access premier instead of buying the game then .
the cdc actually does n't recommend blood test as a means to confirm or deny the status of someone 's herpes .
although it is effective for hsv2 it is rather impotent against hsv1 .
literally the standard policy for most doctors is only do the blood test if the person is showing symptoms. people also get false negative tests all the time .
there 's a whole slew of things that can happen to someone that will cause them to turn up positive for herpes without it being the result of ignorance .
i 'll say this your logic only really stands to reason if you think all premarital sex is bad .
especially when you 're the kind of person literally following the safe sex rubric to a t. do you request to see the sti results of everyone you have sex with ?
this ai n't a hate post and i do n't wan na believe it but that 's pretty shocking
more like you oranges would be insignificant and unremarkable without us
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
she looks like the 40 year old version of her recent self .
great defense great resistances immune to sandstorm recovery with roost
i know you think you are making rational arguments but the fact is that the us stands apart from every other country on earth that isnt an active warzone in its gun violence and you grasping at straws trying to rationalize the sickening rates of homicides mass shootings accidental deaths etc you see in your country looks completely delusional to someone living in a country with common sense gun legislation .
once i bought an eighth and my dude put googly eyes in it .
apparently he wanted me to know he was watching me 👀
300 bigger is different than 3x but saying something is 300 something else is the same as saying something is 3x something else .
plus i did n't say they were the same thing .
i would n't say that the colts pass rush is terrible but i would n't bench wentz just because peters is out .
i brush his teeth everyday and he absolutely hates loves me for it .
weird how all the political figures from the uk in this list are connected to the tory party .
i figure he switched chats and forgot about it and this is one of his saved sentences
i 'm also diagnosed with depression and handle it without medication .
i usually smoke every day but when i go without for a bit i mostly just become lethargic and disinterested in things .
it 's more like a state of mind than a physical symptom .
i 'd rather watch some television and go to sleep than play focus-intensive video games for hours .
i also typically fast for about a day when i stop smoking as the munchie train grinds to a halt .
basically i feel less interested '' but otherwise fine .
we have skills to get to get free ace cards pretty sure yusei will start with a stardust dragon
what i am now hearing from many on the right is they accept there is climate change but deny man 's contribution .
they argue we have had huge changes before so somehow that means this change is just naturally occurring .
they ignore that most of the changes have occurred in the last 100 years when millions of years of sequestered carbon was released back into the atmosphere in just decades .
tv status finished episodes 26 genres comedy slice of life
tv status finished episodes 12 genres comedy slice of life
movie status finished genres drama fantasy slice of life supernatural romance
tv status finished episodes 12 genres comedy slice of life
personally i like to offer for free what i got for free .
there´s a huge value in the school experience just like you i was anxious as well had trouble focusing but i saw it as one of my challenges to overcome and studies took me very far in my future life .
you say you don´t want to get caught up in the material world but we are in the material world and this is where we are for now so let´s work with it .
nothing wrong with being spiritual but wanting to make money from it involves a very high responsibility .
i imagine you´re young and i dont know for sure if you see the full picture of the adult life ... .
so now you will receice rune packs based on completing feats of strength challenges ?
you 're referring to the libertarian party in the us which is in fact the opposite of what libertarianism is and always has been anarchism specifically and exclusively from some form of socialist or at least anti-capitalist pre-disposition .
i 'm not trying to be pedantic but as a libertarian socialist or ancom i would like to do my part to dispel this common misconception put forth by the libertarian party hijacking our terminology .
and in the context of this discussion highlight that the dividing line between socialists and libertarians in the contemporary sense goes far beyond economic policy
hell yes id suck that clit then fill that pussy
i stated at 6'4 142 you can go look at my progress pictures .
best a1 by far the best body i 've ever owned as much as i like the 5d4 .
worst some of the knock off flashes i 've had over the years .
shaming is a form of punishment and is n't an inherently evil action .
racism is rooted in hate and is inherently evil .
amd going from beta to stable is a downgrade not an upgrade if you want latest features i suggest you stay on beta we should receive beta4 any day now .
something tells me you 're not doing mythic raiding .
tbh they both just seem like awful self-absorbed people .
evelyn is delusional and immature but at least she has age as something of an excuse .
david is gross and resorted to trawling the internet for foreign teens because there 's no way a spanish woman would put up with him .
i feel like that makes a big difference in how you would feel about this .
that 's really odd that your current wife is so curious about why someone would abuse and manipulate you that she feels she needs to talk to the abuser and manipulator .
ca n't she just accept that some people do this the ex did it to you and you have gotten out of that relationship ?
uhhh..i did n't mean anything big when i said 'funny ' ... i just meant she is acting different .
of course i know she is avoiding me for a reason .
i just wan na know what that could be !
there is nothing wrong with liking someone and there is nothing wrong with the fact that people notice it .
it is not like they are going to hate you or fire you over that
dear bitcoin i love you and i 've loved you since the day i met you .
this post archive.org https web.archive.org/20180922122357/https i.redd.it/nglyv3iurdn11.jpg megalodon.jp http megalodon.jp/pc/get_simple/decide ? url=https i.redd.it/nglyv3iurdn11.jpg could not auto-archive click to resubmit it !
no you have to pay for uber though the app .
did wawrinka pick up an injury at some point ?
from 2-2 onwards these last few games he 's been playing like shit awful service game when he got broken .
i think this is going to be the first time since i was 10 years old that i do n't buy fifa .
so disappointed in the direction they 're headed as cm is the main game mode i play .
true my muscles are very sore so maybe i needed the extra food
that has to feel weird though right like someone playing with your arm ?
well you might think your a large black man who is impervious to damage but you know ... give it a minute .
yep half country with iq under 50 racists sexists bigots .
will give away all my 401ks earnings to have decent president back not this pos
things may have been said about obama but it 's a joke to compare the two .
how many members of trump 's campaign have plead guilty now ?
how many times has trump blatantly lied to the american public ?
how many times have his own administrative officials gone behind his back to thwart his dumb decisions gary cohn taking papers off his desk so he would n't sign horribly damaging trade policy .
i could write a book and many have already about how horrific this guy is as a presidential candidate .
in no was shape or form is this an equal but opposite situation to the obama presidency .
nor is it a similar situation as the bush presidency .
this president is bad for our country in entirely unprecedented ways .
so i have a survival mission of 3 kills with a sniper rifle .
i got 3 kills with the sks in a single match and the challenge still shows no kills is the challenge only the bolt-actions ?
i just watched the video where she talked about this ruler/tool .
i 've done this for a week or two straight before quitting the server .
unless there is a friend or two free and willing to help or a couple guildies you ca n't do anything really because pugging 5man stuff with green geared non-english speaking players is honestly not that fun .
you farm up epic mount arcanite reaper lionheart and go towards pre-bis dps tanking gear which takes holy crap a lot of time and by the time you finish half of the horde quit the server pvp pug queue is instant into about 12 alliance premades thx tribe 3 and even tho i love world pvp the second i land in sg/bs/ws/fw i 'm ganked by 3 ally rankers cos they have a 35min queue and are bored out of their minds .
the other seasons would have made you mad on their own .
i only suggested jiren since he nullifies his ultra instinct atk def stats so he 'd slay more but yeah will deffs try that out !
wish i 'd seen this sooner but i 'm already three sheets with a cat on the lap .
invisible glitch is back constant lag/rubber banding and disconnects and rubbish hit reg .
finally i 'll understand the deep deep inside joke about sucking on chili dogs
the average texas voter is so far to the right of western europe/scandinavia that your head would explode .
you say derp a lot is that your catchphrase or something ?
it took me forever to figure it out when i was a kid so i used syllables .
i was pumped in my networking college class when the professor asked how many feet in a mile discussing wireless and the answer just flew out of my mouth .
lol they 're taking all my 19 year olds !
yeah those post-training tacos are what keep me motivated to deal with the everyday porrada
was going to argue then realised that ur right .
we have some who are in their 50s-60s at a home i worked at who still boast about being in the olympics and winning and all kinds of great memories .
one of the funniest things i have ever seen ! !
it plasma shooting at them when is know to damage technology harder than bullets .
sign in wth a microsoft account and it 'll bind your key to it install win 10 pro on new hdd then sign in with said account .
the second they go to make it mandatory/do away wiyh in person visits and force people to pay to use it because they do n't have another option is where i have a problem .
i read the article replied and then read it again for a couple things and it seems that 's exactly what they 're starting to do or planning to do eventually .
just like most prisons and their mental health '' substance abuse '' and rehabilitative '' programs they do something they can put on paper that looks like a great thing but the reality of its implementation is at best absolutely nothing at worst another way to gouge or fuck somebody over .
jessup in maryland is a prison for people with mental illness or addiction and such are supposed to be focused towards treating those type of prisoners .
in reality the programs they have are a fucking joke the mental health aspect is much the same or sometimes worse than the state prisons nearby ... .it 's all about how it looks on an itemized list .
look what we 're doing for the inmates society ... '' either way the article was interesting and hopefully more prisons will use the video chat as an option it would be great if they didnt use it to rape people financially
any game can be on the ps thing not just unsuccessful games .
nothing wrong with armor using masterwork cores but let it reroll stats at least .
if using runelite put hp and prayer notifications on for 50hp 20 prayer or somewhere around there .
it 's not afk but it 's low effort/attention .
you are always so exciting in all of your posts .
fwiw my wife says that same phrase to me when.. well use your imagination .
i am glad to not have to deal with this issue however the things that i have if they get loose in vigorous exercise can be very painful indeed .
my wife hates saturdays now because the vols lose and she does n't understand watching sports passionately .
how many cores once i 'm able to do 4-3e/0-2 consistently should i be aiming for in a day ?
what 's a safe '' amount of cores to have available at any given time ?
for equipment enhancement should i wait for higher level equipment to use as enhancement fodder or throw whatever i got at it ?
like if i have multiple doll with incendiaries will the dot stack or only count the highest dot ?
i do understand you although i am not nearly as optimistic or lucid all of the time but i am absolutely in love with life as well .
where i come from we call a certain variation of this nihilism optimism '' but it may not be what you describe and just a part of it .
it 's basically accepting the universe as it is with all its violence and death and seeming absurdities and find significance in the things for the things themselves in life for life itself .
because as you said it death and violence both serve a clear purpose if you only try to analyse things without moral biases !
there 's beauty and sublime in tragedy as well .
is it best to create an album link and post a comment the decks and prices ?
cnn neglected to mention that all the women are south florida republican operatives .
i supported trump back when he was running but not anymore .
regardless i 'm tired of these people thinking they 're so edgy and hip '' by being anti trump when literally most of the nation is anti trump
but you guys always have the championship of life '' to sooth your sorrows ... right ?
i 'd probably become the best doctor there ever was during the first few centuries just with my average knowledge of healthcare anatomy and hygiene .
then i 'd invest the money gained from that to upcoming inventions maybe bets on events .
i had it originally but i find it not very useful .
my parents 50s and 60s could not get it into their heads that they can not be texting and driving emailing and driving putting on freaking mascara while driving with their knees .
these are all things i 've witnessed in my parent 's cars and only i seem to be taking the high school programs they had for drinking/texting and driving seriously i 'm 21
ibm is using hyperledger for private blockchain projects and is using the stellar network for public blockchain projects .
i 'm honestly expecting a 6 although i really fucking enjoyed the album .
to prevent spam trolling new accounts are not allowed to post in r/realgirls .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to submit here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose age limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
yep most of the stuff that 's up there is left
dude this has absolutely nothing to do with immigrants or laziness .
capitalism is what makes the world go round and until you mature enough to understand that you 'll never amount to anything except a whiny troll .
do you know why immigrants want to come here ?
if they work hard they can have a good life and they know it .
more power to them they 've accomplished more than you have .
the fact that its on woosh makes it so much funnier
yeah but she was lying naked on a ground that is probably covered in demon blood and other trash that 's just nasty .
how to make a simple platformer with minimalistic graphics give out barely 10 fps on gtx 1080 .
and is it that hard to believe that both the dnc and russia played roles in our campaign cycle ?
the burden of proof falls on those that may the claim so cough up .
it is ridiculous that human beings believe they can approach a wild animal with impunity .
this type of stupidity is aptly addressed by nature itself .
vive is really only 95degrees in real life measurements .
150 will be an experience like no other with a small distortion that you wo n't even notice playing .
where you one of these people that claimed vr would never succeed ?
or pop depending on your neck of the woods .
in retaliation i went back to their camp and shot each and every one of them .
one of my more evil moments in the game .
i 'll have to wait for them to come back .
literally only reason he is there is cause denny wants him to be his final crew chief but as we all know it 's failing
i hope denny asks for a new guy next year
what you described is really similar to how i feel .
thank you for being so kind and explaining things for me !
i do n't think incels are correct and i 'm not really gon na make a claim on eras i did n't live through but to say it 's easier is misleading .
but i 've lost my virginity and and been on some dates .
they have been few and far between but they happened .
i know better looking people who can go from relationship to relationship with no more than a few months of being single .
harder to be compatable with people and times have and probably will come where i 'll be lost in loneliness and horrible sadness and that feeling fucking sucks .
oooooh i had n't thought of that but you are right .
its exactly the sort of thing he should do .
nah man you just got ta put back a 26 and get on his level .
it all makes sense if you 're stammering back at him .
to be fair ive found some awesome people on an open crew before .
sometimes its a roll of the dice but the great people ive met on my random voyages makes it worth it .
4 on the list and they are trying to get to no .
a character being immoral or unlikeable does n't make them a literarily bad character .
my only concern with haleigh in the jury segment is the fact that they only showed her talking about tyler .
sure she thinks tyler is playing a great game but she has n't said he 's playing the best game .
it 's entirely possible she also thinks kaycee is playing great and maybe even better and that worries me .
another way that powerline is like wifi is that the numbers on the box are far higher than what you will see in the real world .
in other words those powerline numbers are the result of a laboratory setup just like the wifi numbers on the side of the box .
smallnetbuilder has some great charts showing performance of powerline adapters in the real world .
short summary from what i can recall is that your best case in the real world is 300 mbps if using only a single pair supporting homeplug av2 with 100mbps being more realistic and 50mbps being not uncommon .
that does n't mean he was n't as individually skilled as jw or even better .
true but i still do n't think that he played at enough lans to justify saying 2014/15 s1mple 2014/15 jw .
lmao yea it 's my english that 's bad .
keep on studying for those sats kid you 're gon na need it .
i was even thinking that if it were an allergy to anything besides the milk that it would 've been meat because that 's the only thing she has n't ate yet .
i 'll admit i was a little worried with hemsworth rdj evans contracts being up that they would have a hard time filling their shoes with hard hitting hero 's .
now that i 'm thinking of captain marvel filling that avengers mantle i breathe a sigh of relief .
why did he jump onto the pile instead of that wide open space to the left ?
we lost the only game people actually go to at my school today lol oops
if youre really wondering ab it hit her with the streaks and then youll know if shes ignoring you and stuff
i 'd forgotten exactly where marius fits in to the scheme of things as did the players .
i think they were all operating under some delusion that he was gentleman related no one corrected marisha/beau on treating him like a contact and there was no real reminder in stream that this guy is connected to the orb .
i still wonder why they think taking the orb to the captain is a good idea given where it is is .
fjord has n't shown any ability to regurgitate ingested items quite the opposite in fact .
i think it 's infinitely more likely the captain tries to cut the orb out of him by force as they are to pay the nein .
i wanted a cowbell last year when y'all played bama i begged for one lol
they do n't want either to get in front of the americans people
3 but my buddies play at much higher indexes .
keeping pace and enjoying the round is all we care about
it 's a fictional movie character made my marvels a huge a titan that wants to kill half of universe 's population in order to keep balance and prevent over usage of resource his home was destroyed due to overpopulation
source my own just no mother 's preferred accusation when it comes to me .
make sure there 's a clear path to all the important features bed closet dresser door trash tissue box
this new program is incredible a few more years development and we wo n't have to dig anymore .
i can go to a private craglist seller and get one without all those things .
i teach high school english and i had freshmen complain to me that their hands hurt after writing a five sentence paragraph that we wrote almost entirely as a class .
they should just stop playing it for a while and see what happens .
there have been a handful of shows where it was not played .
nine inch nails didnt play closer '' for a whole tour and nobody died because of it .
what 's up with this hyundai commercial where the aunt is a total bitch lol
i 've always heard marr-en source knowing one person with that name
the peace of mind of being able to return it to costco for the full price years down the line if anything breaks seems better than this but idk what that geek squad protection entails and what it costs extra .
because he used to be an elite defender so people assume he still is now
your post has been automatically removed because you did not correctly order the tags .
the tags are being required in a specific order to keep everything easy to read .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleagueexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
i noticed that guy too lmao what the actual hell
i wish others had your strength i thank you kind sir
supply lines dont exist or atleast sheltered trust fund kiddies think they dont .
techniques have n't really changed at all from what i 've seen .
yes but with tobacco there obviously are harmful byproducts as a result of the combustion .
with vaping there may or may not be harmful byproducts due to its different mechanisms and and even if those chemicals enter our lungs we do n't know whether the vapes are producing a critical amount or not .
at least that 's what i 've gathered from the studies i 've read so far .
since we are dealing with known carcinogens in the case of vaping i think it 's a bit different from what cigs went through .
i think you seriously underestimate the number of young men that voted leave .
nearly 40 of young men 18-24 voted brexit most of the the remain vote comes from women however in the younger generation it is the largest gap .
without women voting the gap groupings would look far more close .
you very well could see a lot of working class men on one side and a lot of middle class women on the other .
then every time you cook a steak cook it slightly less until you wonder why you 're wasting your time heating the pan up .
well your comment shows exactly what you think of gay people .
for some reason you think lgbtq characters are almost always going to be included in a nonsensical and laughable way that plays into a stereotype when realistically they are just portrayed the same as any other character .
flaming twinks with lisps who are obsessed with fashion or interior design deserve to be represented in media as well because there are plenty of people who identify with that therefore it 's still believable and realistic .
i do n't understand why that bothers you so much unless it 's just simply that you do n't like gay people who fit the stereotype.
i know a lot of these are probably off from what you want .
but when coming up with a name i like the spaghetti salad approach .
just mix all types and flavors and lay them all out and see if one or a mix appeals to you enough to pick it up .
my wife was saying that after this wedding we have to go to we should start getting in shape ...
i went to the gym today and organized my weekly scheduled so i can go 4 times a week .
the main voice actor legit said that episode 2 is most likely the end though
happy birthday man hope you 're doing well mr black thomas hanksmith
i 've seen similar things in my neighborhood in chicago .
no idea about who the artist was or if they are in any way related though .
i usually take a tab then shower clean my room meditate or play xbox then boom i 'm trippin dude
i always did this when driving as a kid .
just running alongside the car dodging the signs or the mile markers .
this is very interesting to hear other have done the same .
i wonder if there is a correlation of some kind .
edit i was diagnosed with adhd when i was a kid might you have been too perhaps ?
you 're only 66 which means your attributes are n't as upgraded so you 're not doing as well as you could be .
when you get more vc prioritize post control layups and strength upgrades
it does n't really get better you should have seen it back when you had no way to really make sure you played your main role .
most players i know who actually just play league to enjoy it even if they have over a thousand wins only try ranked one time and then just go back to normals .
this sub is absolutely not typical players btw so do n't expect many responses that even understand your complaints outside of git gud
for me i have played since beta and basically hated ranked most of the time but wanted end of season skins so i deal .
now days i find that i ca n't pick any champ i know how to play and get a decent opponent unless i 'm playing ranked .
so ranked is the only way i can try to do well against someone who at least is most of the time trying and fairly competent .
basically you have to learn to deal with it because it 's gon na stay an awful toxic environment .
but honestly as far as your own skill you probably are no where near the ballpark of ready to play ranked .
you said it yourself you started a month ago that makes you a newbie in a game this old .
you are n't going to be very good until you play a while longer .
i 'd say that when you have a couple picks in every position that you can consistently get s ranks on in normals then you 'll be ready for ranked .
seriously someone should remind 5 on mcneese that you 're getting blasted by 24 and should n't be cock strutting .
some people idiots tend to label various neighborhoods in philadelphia as neighborhood pa instead of neighborhood philadelphia .
they 're trying the create the illusion of the neighborhood being it 's own self contained township/borough instead of being part of a larger city .
i mainly dislike it because it causes confusion to people who do n't know too much about philly .
just got a big sack again to hold the argos to a fg attempt or maybe even a punt .
edit ugly attempt at an onside punt they got neither points nor field position out of the int .
unfortunately this is part of a feature that youtube has been expanding to limit data that youtube believes could harm audience privacy .
so demographic and geographic data as well as various filtered data such as filtering to see which subscribers came from watch pages or filtering to see video specific information is now hidden or limited if youtube believes there 's not enough information in aggregate .
you may try expanding the time frame or removing certain filters to see if that can help .
for example perhaps you may not have enough information to show 28 days but you may have enough information to show 365 days .
however small channels might not have enough information even if they increase the time range .
i ca n't guarantee that anything will change about this but i would encourage you to send thoughtful feedback there usually a button on every page of youtube and in the mobile app to do so regarding features that you 'd really like to see again .
since there have been many threads about this issue here i believe that if everyone can submit formal feedback this issue will be more likely to get some attention .
it was pretty brutal for offense defense kept us in the game but seeing them come out and actually produce in the 2nd half was great .
now if we do that a whole game we can be contenders because a first half like that will destroy us against good teams .
also great to see that we can make some good halftime adjustments .
i 'd like to be a part of the process unless my dm has seen art of my character already .
now a question for a dm from a player would you be happy if art of my character that i commissioned included one of your homebrew items or would you rather be a part of explaining the design ?
because i wanted to surprise my dm and not sure how cool they think this 'll be .
i was also thinking of maybe commissioning someone to create like a sheet of all the homebrew magic items theyve shown us this campaign .
i just want to show my dm how much i appreciate their time and effort
so you have no proof as to why races are n't real .
do n't high school ap classes cover up through calc 2 ?
i never took the calc 2 one but my understanding is that some schools do teach it and you 'd jump into calc 3 your first semester in college .
tennessee nobody will blame you if you leave the session .
this post was automatically given the xb1 '' flair .
please reflair your post if this was a mistake .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/7daystodie if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm pretty sure boros and selesnya will steamroll sealed though .
dimir will be great for constructed but probably not in sealed .
released sfv a game the entire fgc considered unfinished on launch and even now is one of the most maligned entries in the series having microtransactions including lootboxes .
then marvel vs capcom infinite came out which was ugly as sin and had a really boring roster lacking many mainstays .
it 's personally my favorite tag fighter but the presentation really is shabby .
that 's in general the recent stuff people dislike capcom for
this post was automatically given the pc '' flair .
please reflair your post if this was a mistake .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/7daystodie if you have any questions or concerns .
you continue to fail to understand what i 'm talking about .
i 'm not talking about the use of hp-based combat in d d only .
i 'm talking about the use of similar mechanics in rpgs in general .
tbh in civil engineering consulting you can make a good amount of money .
i 'm 31 and last year i made 150k and i live in alabama for a basis on cost of living .
there are guys in the 40-50s running million dollar practices and bringing home 200-300k a year .
however in this scenario you have to be a seller/doer .
he was killed because he was a tortuous dictator .
new players can only play 5v5 ranks after they 've hit level 10 and own at least 14 heroes .
at that point i would n't consider them as very new anymore .
in any case i think r/ventglory is a better place for this post .
it did n't get thru the auto mod and we had to approve it but i approved this one first .
what incentive is there to lower prices once an unaccountable private corporation takes over ?
that you have 175k on yours makes you rather lucky .
i do n't know if i would push that transmission very hard and i 'd be sure to get transmission fluid maintenance exactly as scheduled .
so in the middle of sex i started to feel like i did n't exist !
my depersonalization/derealization is part of the reason why i joke about how we live in a simulation so much because it 's a way for me to make light of my illness .
wait i 'm retarded i forgot about that shit .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9i62yw/do_you_think_millennials_are_hypersensitive_and .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
even if that were true that .1 still involves them murdering and/or imprisoning us .
description game will automatically call all 3 timeouts without pressing any buttons then when out of timeouts and on offense it will automatically go into the hurry up offense to spike the ball .
known good xbox one controller all other pc games work without issue .
steps to reproduce if applicable playing the game in any mode franchise mut exhibition etc.. with wired or wireless xbox one controller
your friends plug is garbage not your friends fault but that 's the reality of it .
i mean it 's still probably safe to do lots of people do lots of drug combinations but if you 're taking something that you are n't sure what it is there is serious risk involved and eventually it may catch up with you .
there might be an update soon to fix this .
i think he means when you 're casting it without quick cast ?
such as when you 're mura/sonya and you go to jump there 's a circle showing your landing location .
as a side note the extrapolation for circles is already in the game in gul'dan 's e and gall 's bouncy ball .
game 1 a modest 250 yards 4tds 2 of which were short shovel passes .
so if you take away the 2 shovel passes which would be a mistake bc it 's a staple to their offense and it works bc tyreek is such a problem ... he still woulda had 20 points
so 20 points at the chargers a top 5 pass defense and you do n't think he 'll average 20 ?
i knew there was an upside down chair in this picture .
king gizzard and the lizard wizard is a cool band .
same just had a haircut this monday and had n't slept for over 24 hours .
also the hairdresser totally cut my hair shorter than i wanted but i look peppy so i took it in stride .
what if my goal is 117 since i 'm f2p ?
or with just a little tweak italian dog food .
generations of women have told us did n't know better '' was a critical factor in their trauma .
and when traumatised men talk about it they say the same thing .
trusting parents to teach both sex and consent has been a comprehensive failure for centuries all around the world .
you can search for threads on askreddit askwomen askmen .
titles are like what did your parents teach you about sex ? ''
the refs did n't think it was safe but the nfl did n't care .
is it just me or is one of them slightly bigger ?
use a master lock to secure it when you do so i can get secondsies .
recent acquisition its funny how being carnivore makes u notice more and more blades .
it would be okay provided they 're giving it away voluntarily would that money sustain and foster permanent growth in the poorest parts of africa or would it be wasted and squandered away ?
i believe the latter is more likely due to corruption and poor economic policies .
it 's like how a man can win the lottery then be living at a homeless shelter a few years later .
when i 'm on the grill at the restaurant i can feel the cold air from rain coming in through the fresh air intake .
i wanted you to beat wisconsin so the big ten west looks shittier is that honest enough
at least we knew uga was a great team .
we just gave them this game on a platter .
i ended up having to deliver lunch to the whole dance troupe .
got ramen and the sour cream and onion no swedish fish but i have red vines
since she 'll rarely go down in one hit and most probably kills everything in one hit she 'll be more often in the vantage threshold and will be in the quick riposte one only once if someone hits her .
of course this would mean she would n't be able to proc glimmer every single correct '' enemy phase fights anymore but i feel like that way she 'd be immune to almost anything after she takes damage and survive
like i said if you bump them into ethylene things can get a little unsafe !
acquisition exists i use it over premium tabs sometimes for certain types of items mostly my tab full of semi decent crafted jewels .
i only perform oral on partners i 'm intimate with
for some reason i thought you were in a more serious relationship with this guy .
anyway oral is completely optional for tantra and a lot of old-school tantric sex gurus do n't include it at all in their descriptions of lingam massage .
however tantric sex is not something that is easy to learn or do in casual relationships .
you 'd be better off just borrowing the lingam massage techniques from here
... and referring to the video tutorials i mentioned above .
jargon note lingam '' is sanskrit for penis and lingam massage '' is tantra-speak for a long super-deluxe handjob with a lot of edging .
done right it 's exquisitely pleasurable and produces longer and more intense orgasms at the end .
i think it would still be worth reading the other links so you know what 's possible if/when you get into a committed relationship whether it 's with this guy or someone else .
but it 's something both partners have to want to do .
i hope your future is as bright as you aspire .
the camera in rdr2 is a stationary item that is placed on the ground it 's not like a full-blown photo mode at all
i 'm sorry but i keep seeing the name elezenos but ca n't remember who that is .
expected it to be the top comment seeing vinnie 's choice f words .
im just saying lonewingy made tristana rework art concept and dragon trainer tristana concept i think she is gon na show us a great job with ezreal
if you have cbs all access you could stay unspoiled and it should be up a couple hours later .
lmaooooo when i started reading this question i thought it was gon na ask because they will always get more attention than you are '' which is true and upsets me quite a bit .
but this question seems to be written to antagonize people .
skill level is debatable since it 's not automatic that all men are better at all women at a certain activity .
but no never been envious of a guy for their natural physical prowess over me .
i am always shocked at the husband/wife ones becuase i 'd like to think evil is rare yet it seems to happen too often that people like that manage to meet get married/form relationships .
from time to time i 'll switch off to an off ball teammate usually on screens so i can stay with the screener .
ca n't trust the 2k defense to give me a break lol
what will it take for the people to realise tories are abhorrent evil
actually the left wants to socialize gun rights to end institutionalized weapon insecurity .
weapons and ammunition are artificially cost inflated by main stream manufacturers msm for the purpose of disenfranchiseing weapon bearing minorities from defending themselves .
sounds like black by ted dekker first book in the circle trilogy
cloister is definitely one of my favorite pokes that i never really see anyone use .
i 'm selling 1-3 of my 30 per listing .
this is news o thought men was their thing ...
we 're thinking to visit either ciudad perdida and or the tayron national park .
also we 'd like to hang around some nice beaches in the north ...
so you are going for profit after waiting for days ?
but you are not applying stuff correctly to knox and secure folder .
i also understand what you are saying about fingerprints .
but secure folder can not be secured by just biometrics .
this is why you have to have a pin a pattern or a password to secure secure folder and not biometrics alone .
this is why secure folder and knox are more secure than what you are trying to make out .
a program external to knox or secure folder can not access the data or programs that are in the secure container .
for the notifications there is a setting in secure folder that allows programs contained in that container to send notifications to the os .
well it 's a good thing the fbi will investigate this matter to try and find out who is telling the truth is n't it ?
with soaps/bubble bars/naked gels and body conditioners you can definitely slice them up and store them in mason jars !
but the last 10 years i 've been in new hampshire and the drivers here are atrocious .
my professor who taught for 30 years before he retired said a lot of things change but someone is always wearing a hoodie and jeans .
edit i wrote this in the morning and i can not spell
ill be watching it with sweaty palms ... . best bring my chalk bag .
tpn has doing been really well in sales despite not even having an anime yet .
being lgbt is n't a choice but we still choose whether we socialize/live as our true selves or as the faux straight/cisgender self that society wants to see us as .
that 's why coming out is such a big deal for some people you know ?
you are so self righteous that because i am not out there rallying a cause that does n't affect me in a country that 's customs are alien to me i 'm a nazi ?
i 've stated several times i do n't advocate this behaviour but because i 'm not in kenya marching alongside the affected i 'm part of the problem ?
i found a cave inside one of the big pits before you go all the way up to the vault and it turned out to be just texture out of bounds so this might be the same .
he smiles seeing that even though she complained she still sent the text .
i knew a family that owned three airplanes and a lot of other nice stuff but still used food stamps .
its why concerts sell out '' in seconds but you can always get tickets for 25-100 at third party sites
have you ever wondered why you do n't have to worry about scalpers buying up all the milk at your local supermarket ?
have you considered that the limited supply is inherently problematic ?
but no keep blaming one company and never look at the artist is who i am sure are totally innocent after all the number of your dates has been dictated by god and is totally out of the artists control
i understand that these people are desperate but they are being preyed upon here they are voting for someone who is going to do jack shit about their issues .
on the contrary republicans are lowering taxes on the rich and paying for it with money from lower and middle class americans .
even though it does n't feel that way to them even corporate democrats like hillary are doing miles better for them .
actual progressives are who these people should be voting for .
instead they are voting for terrible people who are doing terrible things to the entire world .
i think that it is their duty as a citizen to exercise their democratic right conscientiously .
i was born german and at this point my education kicks in because this is exactly what happened here people were desperate so they voted for the liars the scapegoaters the hateful .
and i can not and will not absolve them of the responsiblity for that action .
i worked in a nightclub most weekends from 2005 to 2008 and saw it happen once when two coked up dickheads were arguing over a girl .
it does happen but it 's much more of an r/soccer meme than a genuine risk while on a night out .
i 'm believe all the conquest assault maps in bf1 was testing the game mode for making an awesome d-day experience !
the entire game is built around playing in a real pcs and pvp .
yes i play solo but i never go into competitive solo expecting to be playing against mostly other solos .
aber wenn er auf die 10 bis 12k netto kommt dann sehe ich keine annahme weshalb in den anderen 10k die ja vorher abgehen nicht auch die steuern enthalten sind .
obama went into office not supporting same sex marriage .
the same thing with hillary she did not support gay marriage until it was the politically popular opinion .
i am gay btw or do you not consider me welcome here because my opinion is different to your mob mentality ?
btw talking like a flamboyant bitch does n't add quality to your god awful attempt at an argument .
unfortunately for you lying is n't going to cut it .
maybe stop trying to make up bullshit just because the truth does n't fit your victim mentality narrative ?
does it make you uninteresting if you are n't pretending to be oppressed ?
in some level 14 we have 2 ex gyms now just one per s14 have the tag .
the interesting thing is that in some cases it has switched from one gym to another but just during the first day .
w3schools is great when you 're totally unfamiliar with a concept and you want to get the most basic grasp on it .
then you can go to mdn with the context necessary to understand the concept fully .
oh i see so we live in an imaginary world where iran can be isolated from everyone else huh ?
if you want to call that terrorism '' that 's your label for it
for as cool as it looked i had to switch from the suit because of that .
it was weird the game did n't set off any of my vertigo issues normally but the moment you had that kind of contrast it started making it feel like it was harder for me to see him and swinging through the city made my vertigo kick in hard at times .
i absolutely love how it looks though and that 's not a knock on the developers just an unfortunate combination of medical issues that make it extremely hard for me to use the suit .
thankfully there 's a lot of cool suits in the game so i 'm still good to go .
i think i 'm rocking the black cat gifted suit at the moment mainly because it was a reward for doing something in-game and looks cool so double good .
you have to start brown we wo n't even know if gordon is playing until later today .
but if it comes out before brown plays that gordon is playing i 'm going with gordon for the gamble .
i was about 20 min away at a birthday party .
was gon na take my son to his first game .
figured fuck it preseason rangers islander not a bad start .
mine is levimac95 looking for people to do heists with a mate of mine .
unfortunately your post has violated one of our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/astrophotography/wiki/posting_guidelines and been removed .
man-made objects and people are not to be included in the image other than satellites which are the subject of the image .
terrain should be unintrusive and limited to that which is necessary to show the astronomical object and images should be cropped to the best of your ability to avoid excess landscape .
if you prefer widefield and terrain why not check out our friends at r/landscapeastro .
posts can only be images you have captured or processed or discussion about capturing or processing your own images .
links to blogs articles or external websites should be interesting and promote discussion about astrophotography .
submissions that are simply links to blog posts websites or articles containing images that do not promote discussion will be deleted as spam .
similarly excessively posting to advertising your own website or page will likely be removed as spam .
all submitted images must include acquisition and processing details as a top-level comment .
our community would like to know about the scope or lens camera and mount as well as the technical details exposure time number of exposures stacking info etc and some processing information software steps tools etc used to produce the image without having to look away from the thread .
all posts must contain the name of subject in the image no clickbait commonly used karma bait titles .
posts with these infractions will be subject to the discretion of a moderator for a warning or removal .
it 's not just the parents blaming the teacher but also administration .
most of the time 1-5 people join the session.. and soon after they were killed by npc or something else sometimes by me so it is easier to play pvp survival than pve as there is no one to take loots besides you..
all i have to do is kill this fool of a priest of mara and i get a nice daedric toy ?
facts are currently irrelevant to the current political environment .
have you considered taking up a sport to help with confidence ?
i 've found that placing yourself in a testing yet rewarding system really boosts confidence and lowers anxiety .
for me the sport was martial arts tae-kwon-do/dutch kickboxing specifically but bjj is also fantastic
liquid 's ti champion curse took 1 year to take effect
wait at least one day before such a shameless repost
just repost it claiming it 's a different animal nobody will notice . ''
the justice system is definitely sexist i agree completely .
i do think that men commit most crimes but i also believe that the system itself is criminally unfair toward us and biased to women .
it is both sexist and undermines the real goal of gender equality .
extreme feminism is not feminism because it does not seek equality but privilege .
but i also think that for every radical leftist i can find a radical right winger .
there is also a strong argument that the radical right is worse than the left since they are more prone to violence see neonazis
i say all of this as a radical libertarian who identifies moreso with the right side of the aisle .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i would love it if we could ban californiana and new yorkers from relocating to texas .
those states have the highest number of self-deprecating citizens .
fallen 's smile looks so forced i think he was actually planning another reshuffle as this photo was being taken .
i 'm not really interested in pokémon and i only play stw on fortnite .
would i be able to play in my account i use on xbox it would i have to create a new one ?
also is there a date on fn or mario ?
i would mainly be playing it at work on my down time so i would n't have internet connection .
would that require me to have to buy physical copies of games ?
you can load the content in any rss reader that supports dark mode ''
i have a mini bluetooth speaker on my desk and when that song comes on i 'm like yes '' .
i do n't have enough sound sources to have a need for so many env/func generators .
my brother got a two-handed sword and a parrot in freehold m
i 've also been baited by the new skating engine hype .
the door was open and nazis are a great example of a false equating that ends up in every thread .
the real question is why you are using red dot
i think they should be time trials like actual rally stages .
there are so many unused dirt trails in this game they need to do something with them .
rallycross is nice and all but the only licensed rallycross car so far is the focus rs rx all the others are either unlicensed or rally cars .
your post has been removed as it breaks the following rule
read the reddit-wide rules on spam https old.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f here .
please be aware that spam will absolutely not be tolerated .
please check our rules before posting https www.reddit.com/r/soccer/wiki/rules wiki_submission_guidelines .
if you have any questions or concerns please message the moderators .
there is nothing about kap kneeling during the national anthem that could reasonably be construed as disrespect to the troops .
there is no situation i am aware of in any culture where the act of kneeling is used to show anything other than respect .
those who believe that kap hates the military are simply choosing to associate his protest with disrespect for the troops which allows them to freely hate him without having to really look at the reason for his protest.
kap kneeled during the anthem however was not a sign of respect but a protest which he has stated .
i believe that you are making a straw man argument because most not all those who hate kap hate him not because they think he disrespects troops but instead because he disrespects the flag .
they believe he disrespects the flag because per flag code you should show respect by doing blah blah etc .
and out of all the other times he could protest people believe he should first honor the flag and country that allows him to protest then protest in other ways .
disrespecting the flag is sometimes associated with disrespecting the troops because disrespecting the flag is associated with disrespecting the country which the troops and others have fought and sacrificed for .
he also wore socks with pig faces dressed in a police hat portraying police officers as pigs .
the protest began as a means of drawing attention to racial inequality and police brutality two things that most people probably ought to be against.
the reason i say you are making a straw man argument is because i think what is hard to articulate that first most people are pissed off because he is protesting an issue they do not agree with and they believe there is a real underlying issue to black people 's plight that nobody is talking about .
in short the biggest threat to black people are other black people statistically .
and people refuse to talk about because of our pc culture .
another straw man argument that is often made is that people that hate kap believe he should ‘t be able to kneel .
not true most people who dislike him believe he should be able to kneel they just hate how he protests and what he protests about .
you can hate that about him and still believe he can practice free speech .
i hope your dog gets constipated shits all over your brand new gucci flip flops then flip flops the fuck out of there
they really need to start playing this at the games instead of the old version
we have 2 teenagers and an almost 7 year old .
if we want to have sex when the kids are home we will usually set the youngest up with a movie or some educational games on her ipad or ask one of the teens to hang out with her play boardgame etc .
occasionally we will take advantage of her being in the shower and suggest she washes her hair haha as she takes longer in the shower then .
if it 's morning sex and she 's still asleep we 'll just lock our bedroom door .
if she knocks we will tell her to go shower read a book draw etc and we 'll be out soon
de plejer også at være forholdsvis samarbejdsvillige og lade tvivlen komme dig til gode .
jeg prøvede selv en gang hvor min telefon var gået tør for strøm og jeg havde togbilletten derpå .
jeg havde jo ikke selv lagt mærke til at den var løbet tør men da kontrolløren kom og jeg kan se den er løbet tør forklarer jeg det og får den sat til ladning .
så kommer de tilbage en 5-10 minutter senere og såfremt du så kan starte telefonen og vise billetten godtager de det .
op is some form of american they may not know that
i like them for some reason i do n't think it 's gon na happen but it 'd be cool
right it could just be to promote the channel maybe when you search it it brings you tot he main channel
and god is it not fun to play against on release when witch time was even more broken i remember one of my first matches online against a bayo player .
every attack led to witch time which was basically a death sentence so i had to start spamming grabs .
that was when i learned someone at namco had the bright idea of giving a counter dodge frames .
just started trading and i actually bought into nio twice already and had to bail both times .
i 'm really interested in this stock but i 'm not buying back in until i see another dip or catch some news with a positive outlook
playing fast is mostly a mental skill reading the game well positioning well and committing decisively .
you definitely need some wall play but only the basics .
most times bashing the ball is faster than dribbling it anyhow .
has n't been an advanced mechanic since season 1 imo .
has n't much to do with speed and honestly is less necessary than people think .
a lot of times it 's a way of accounting for a poor approach so again it can be mitigated with better positioning .
definitely helps with faster recoveries but again you see these consistently way below 1700 .
i 'm not sure i 'd consider the mechanics themselves super advanced at least not in their most common uses i.e wavedashing down off the wall is the standard use of the mechanic and is much easier than say wavedashing on the ceiling to line up your ceiling shot better .
is half-flipping less basic than solid contact on the ball ?
i see people half-flipping before i see them making reliable good contact tbh .
i think we have a bit of a different definition of 'basic ' .
for me mastering the basics means being able to basically pull off the regular movements of the game .
if something is completely missing you do n't have them .
say you can do anything else but you ca n't hit the ball on the wall then you 've not mastered the basics until you can make basic hits from the wall .
but you do n't need to be a wall god .
neither of these movement mechanics are remotely the things holding people back from 1700 imo .
has n't got much to do with speed and is n't necessary to hit 1700 .
useful for sure but i score them pretty rarely .
useful context may be that i 'm a 3s main different mechanics shine in the modes where you get more space .
personally i 'm not sure i tend to think predicting the game is a bit of a separate skill .
i agree there 's probably an element where i 'm underestimating skills because i 'm used to them being normal .
having said that when i was climbing back i found plenty of people in champ with mechanics comparable to mine they had mastered the basic movement mechanics and could hit the ball well .
the most common issues were just positioning and decision making .
it 's capitalism 101 have making others making money and find legal '' ways to get them to give it to you with as little effort as possible and screw morality when doing it
everything he did was within the rules and mechanics of the game and he make top dollar in the process .
on this occasion he just decided to not give a shit about if it was wrong or not
starring at tgpineapple when are you going to get that pink hair you have promised me 👀
eto tak puno ljudi vidi i uspjehe i dosege sunarodnjaka .
keep in my mind it 's going to be a nightmare to clean out dust
in concurrence with bosstin36 invest in some wooden perches .
they are n't that expensive and atom will love you for it .
it helps atom take care of his beak and claws .
im not sure what epic think of macros but to me they seem like a massive dick move and you should n't use them .
if you want a quick base to be built either get good or throw a port a fort ress
they 've already confirmed the switch version is running the ps4/pc version .
that 's why it 's taking so long the ps4/pc version were running on an old version of ue4 that was n't supported on switch that 's why it 's only recently started development .
and updating to the new ue4 mid development for ps4/pc to also work on switch wouldve broke some features .
well that though did cross my mind but all of my friends who use google photos have the face grouping thing .
i remember watching it when i was 6/7 and refusing to go to school the next day as i was so scared
this feels like when the poor fools at sm c c kept trying to say they were sm and they started getting huge flak .
i think its better for blacklabel to just say blacklabel
well the person above you says they wander around new street station ... .sounds like s good job
destiny is n't actually a bad debater considering who he goes up against .
once i have my house and assets secure i will confront her .
maybe i 'm crazy and imagining it but when you here your wife say she love someone else and that long distant relationships are so hard it 's tough to believe she 's not at least emotionally checked out .
i did my best to be a good person and good partner .
please leave the sex education to your wife please .
i 'm assuming you 've got loads of kids .
he means you can simply go back through previous routes .
it 's early in the season and it happens a lot to us slow starts .
hey he clearly paid for the game fox should take it up with the 30k viewers who clearly were n't going to pay for the game anyway
i come to find successful scav runs are nearly as rewarding as pmc raids .
double it if you end up with a fellow player scav-bro that does n't kos
god damn i would fucking love to see that blindside hit
i 've never tried playing des gardius so i do n't know really what goes in it
except he does and is 6 years older than both lol .
wait until josh gordon arrives and he can actually go deep
as long as it 's not a regular thing yeah i think so .
well the devs are trying to get in the dungeons to fix the bugs but they keep getting declined for not being big dick dps '' .
maybe that 's why melania still looks good but ivanka not so much .
the mere fact that superman turns himself in in man of steel should be enough to disprove that .
it 's mind boggling that this is n't clear .
i 'm pretty sure it 's not any of them
nice man i 'm 5'9 and 3 weeks out from my first show sitting at 151 .
i plan on doing a recovery diet post show up to 165 and then maintaining that for some time .
i 'd like to keep as lean as you are at around the same body weight !
keep it up bro the bulk looks like it 's going well
the benjamin effect if you want someone to like you or atleast not despise you ask them a favour .
once they do you a favour their brain automatically tricks them into believing that you are a good person .
thus they 'll be more likely to like you or do bigger favours for you in future !
psychology our minds tend to rationalize our decisions small or large .
thus if you do someone some favour your mind will automatic start finding reasons why a person deserved a favour from you .
i do n't even know where to begin to reach that goal .
this is my third time seeing this reposted including myself and i love it
is there a reason you did n't post your logs ?
were you hoping we were just going to believe your assertions ?
ive personality said way worse than your description and i 've never ever been punished ... i smell fabrication
oh nah i started playing the game and soon after they removed ww trials from the spin .
i 'm a thinner guy and i still think i have an average dick but every girl i 've been with has told me it 's a monster .
i like to think i 'm a reasonably humble person which begs me to wonder are they all just trying to flatter me ?
or if they all say the same thing is it true ?
it 's actually creepy and unnerving as hell to me tbh
we had plenty of solid wrs on the roster this offseason .
also i think mother may object to his finishing the job.
i still sometimes have to pause and remind myself holy fuck this sound is just two dudes jamming ! ?
they are the best bits of muse and the white stripes and i love it so much .
where would i be able to use mitra in the future if i was to build the team to be purely magical ?
i kind of wanted to go ezekiel but i do n't have him and apparantly melee is in a bad spot right now from what i 've been reading on this subreddit so dimael would be better ?
i invested heavily into theo because i love his design and everything so i want to use him as much as possible and similiar with neraxis though he does n't have anywhere near the optimizations theo does .
the weakened florence storm will probably hit us in a few days too .
my son and i are now in an apartment trying to get to our new normal .
the exwbpd and i went to court last week and i was able to retain custody of my son for now .
we 're all getting lawyers including my son to ensure that he 's in the best situation .
they did allow her visitation which was against my better judgement but i did insist that it was supervised .
they granted it to be supervised but it 's to be supervised by her mother who as i stated before is an enabler .
the ex went to the hospital after everything that happened last week so they could keep an eye on her for a few days .
while she was there they did blood work for drugs .
the handful of pills she took was muscle relaxers which is not one of the drugs they test for .
great ... . now she 's telling everyone that i 'm a liar and that i made it all up to ruin her life .
i 'm maintaining low contact not no contact because we need to communicate about my son .
she texts me incessantly up to 30 or more times a day .
i 'm typically good at not responding but it 's hard at times .
i 'm trying to only communicate with her via text so everything is on record .
she called me yesterday and like an idiot i answered it .
she said watch your back '' and immediately hung up .
there 's a lot more going on but this is getting long so i 'm going to end the post here .
a week and half with a sink hanging on my wall ?
367 neck so hes done the rep so probably not an alt his gears pretty good and he 's the tank so he 's not getting carried probably just does n't want shitters for dps ruining his key
edit look how many 10s he 's tanked his low score is basicly irrelevant as a tank when he 's done that dungeon on a 10 3 or 4 times in time
oops i 'm so sorry i forgot to say i have the pidove asking for krookodile .
if it 's not too much trouble i can just leave it there but if it 's easier for you i can take it out and have it ask for krokorok .
two questions where did you get this and do they make them for the sage 5 😬
bad throw but dorsett needed to turn his head back .
what you will have that no new player has is map knowledge along with experience with weapons monsters tools sounds and tactics .
the reader would be reading as sarah so it is not obvious that definitely '' is a lie .
you think they 're going to hire me ? ''
from the other angle you can see brady threw it way fucking short and to the wrong side
while i wo n't argue that 's there 's definitely a lot of people that primarily do it because they think it makes them cool '' .
i 've met many more people who simply do it because it makes them feel good and they like it .
it pisses me off to no end that all those fuckers are gung-ho about appointing multiple special counsels for various mundane things but not one of them has lifted a finger to do what should have been done in spring 2017 which is to form an independent commission to investigate and find the full truth of foreign interference in the 2016 election .
all the experts agree that our country was attacked but the gop has been blowing their wad about some horse shit of a few texts from an fbi agent .
that looks like one of my betsy johnson bags .
i ca n't be running around in fashion angela .
i tried to teach my animals to match them for me but they either did n't understand me or had rightfully little interest in doing so ... . argh ... socks can be the bane of our existence and with you having to track them with multiple people ... . no damn way ! ! !
fiscal responsibility is not the answer to wealth inequality when predatory greed is so fucking rampant .
you are implying that wealth inequality in and of itself is a problem .
poverty is a problem but it 's not a problem that should be solved by just taking things away from people who have worked to have more .
this has me laughing like an idiot in bed .
the goods '' might be someone lying to him .
he 's not a journalist and does n't have journalistic standards .
he heaved it off his back foot and just floated it out there .
i 'm pretty sure they ended up showing it subbed another time also .
for context sbs is a free to air tv station in australia .
imagine seeing eva for free on a mainstream channel .
ah i can empathize in the department of late life revelations .
i uncovered the fact that the man who raised me is n't my biological father .
my biological father died while driving drunk and killed 2 of his friends passengers in the process .
my mom met my stepdad when i was about 1 .
they covered up any trace of my bio father except for a small photo album .
they have it to me when i found out .
i 've tried my best to track down his family .
but he was also adopted so it 's tough .
this might be wrong but it 's kind of nice to see your story .
i was strong for my parents and told them it was n't important to me .
but it seems like nobody understands how it feels to kind of have the veil lifted from your eyes .
just lots of small details about my childhood that all finally made sense at once .
laevetain transfer student who comes off as brash and abrasive but it 's only because of her horrible home life due to her parent .
always seems bored but is a track star and seems to come alive while doing her sport
is a little hard on her athletes but only to bring out the best in them .
the teacher that all the male students have a crush on .
has been gone on sick leave for a very long time due to complications after donating one of her kidneys when needed by her younger sister laevetain
no she does n't have a crush on you she just sucks at talking to guys
supporter since 2001 but i 'm fan long enough to know whenever we are good someone else has un-fucking believable season .
so i 'll wait for us to actually do it
news at 11 every single aspect of nearly any superhero film is demolished once you think about it for more than two seconds .
i kinda feel like lifesteal and poisonous is a bit too much going on the card .
sullustan language nien nunb in rotj was a qechua dialect .
actress who played greedo in anh wore high heels on set .
and governer tarkin has very few full body shits because the actor hated the boots and wore slippers on set .
inspiration for lightsaber combat in ot was not eastern martial arts but heavy european medieval longswords .
i 've got like a million of those ... ..
i hope the raptor builds will become more viable soon .
you lost games because you lost you got outplayed maybe it was through skill maybe you got cheesed .
but you did n't loose because of the rune zones that 's just making excuses for yourself .
the peak player number is around 3k so they ca n't have too many different queues or matchmaking would take forever .
it drains your body of vitamins so you feel like ass unless you take vitamins on it and then you get paranoid but it 's like being so sober you 're somehow not sober .
like you know you 're high but you hardly feel high .
this should be a top story but they are still employed and working against the common people .
i assume that a game from a japanese dev will have native japanese people doing the subs based on the english script .
or maybe they do a japanese script and the company repsonsible for the english voice acting took some artistic freedom to interpret it .
unfortunately it has been removed for violating the following rule s
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar and the rules https www.reddit.com/r/accidentalracism/about/rules .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/accidentalracism subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/ereniwe message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
haha park keun shik and another friend is co-founder of the chain .
with haha as the largest stockholder and financier of the group cmiiw .
while kjk is not founder of the restaurant i think he invest tons of money to the restaurant .
if you have something on youtube or similar i would love to hear some of your music
its partially determined by genes and partially by environment like most things .
many studies have been done where black children are adooted into wealthy households .
what a good way to teach people about starvation and eating disorders .
vb cocaine party pies sausage rolls cocktail frankfurts and a few litres of tomato sauce
once you 've retired a rebbl team you can never bring that team back into the main rebbl leagues in future seasons .
this is essentially because we do n't want coaches cherry picking between a few teams which goes against the spirit of an eternal league a little bit .
we do have tournaments like all-stars in which you can enter your old team if you want to keep playing them .
how much will your restaurant profit if you do n't count revenue and expenses ?
the pills are too thin and the imprint is wrong .
this link points to an ebook that is no longer free current price 2.99 and consequently has been marked as expired .
if i have made a mistake please message the moderators .
i have friends who started no longer than a month ago and they contribute in all content we run .
within another month they 'll be carrying other noobs .
for tips play with friends if possible focus on progressing through junctions get strong early weapons when you can atomos and hek are of particular note spend early plat on slots for frames/weapons and nothing else find frames and weapons you 're interested in to work towards many blueprints are in clan dojo labs and the market sentinels come with a weapon so they are 9k mr and frames are 6k .
yeah as if we are the only ones who can attain that
great insight on the whole angle of movement '' problem and i agree with it .
i do disagree that you havde to collide with a guy to stop him although he might gain a yard a two more if you do a drag n ' drop '' .
i also agree on your point with the game being spread out and maybe part of a solution lies here stop protecting receivers with rules .
if you make it easier to harass deep receivers would n't that cluster the game up more ?
my god your toxicity is directly proportionate to your karma points .
you can ask for pickled onions to eat on the side or to add to your pho if you 'd like .
it seems how unreal how shitty it is to kill them that 's just how it is .
really afk though if you want to suffer through it .
you just have to know where to find them .
yeh there 's just an abundance of information online where you do n't have to pay for it .
but i can picture the demographic of petiole who would pay .
but a whole year or more for a pt ! ?
he 's not joking either at that distance you wo n't want to go over 35 power on any spectrum or you 'll cook something
especially with azur lane having its en release last month and giving all the boatfuckers new fuel for their thirst .
if he 's asking if i 've nearly finished my set fine .
if he 's trying to hit on me go away .
is there such thing as a low quality pupper though ?
huh ... maybe geology is n't such a bad gig ?
i 'm thinking of going back to school and hunting for things in the forest by myself sounds like a fantasy rather than a job .
you can treat cancer with diet and homeopathy but you wo n't cure cancer with diet and homeopathy .
feels like you 're being followed if that makes sense .
so i fell in rank from plat 3 div 4 to plat 1 div 1 few weeks ago now back to plat 2 div 2 .
when i was playing in plat 1 div 4 for a match 3-0 win i was performing better than my opponents which i did n't feel fair in a way .
i was going for high aerials not missing shots and all .
so at the end of the game i say sorry i was ranked down '' and i 'm trying to get back up .
i really felt like they did n't deserve that but after reading his/her reply i felt pretty frustrated .
now i understand loses are hard everyone wants to go for better rank and season rewards but at least do n't be a jerk !
ok ... not trying to be the dumb homer here i still think the chiefs are going to beat us ... soundly but ... c'mon ... name the 5 greatest qbs of all time ... even the two most recently prolific qbs manning and fytb did n't come close to these numbers for years ... i 'm not saying mahomes is n't special and maybe he is just another level above rodgers we have n't seen before but ... some of this has to be smoke and mirrors spawned from having a top-3 tight end the fastest wide receiver in the world and reid 's crazy-genius college-pro concoction ... surely he 'll come back down to earth at some point though likely not against us ... right ? ... because if the broncos have 15 years of this to look forward to ... i mean i just do n't have the psychological constitution to be a dolphins/jets/bills fan ... i 'll just end it .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a bolded tl dr .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/9ifzr8/girlfriend_22f_moved_to_different_city_unsure and include your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
did n't actually measure it but i definitely have some .
thought at first it was gon na have happy genie on one side and sad genie on the other
does anyone think the one raye is ok in the deck ?
honestly if i never played mw and saw razor 's mustang irl i would assume that it 's owned either by a huge flaming douchebag how fitting lol or guy fieri .
is this a bonus item when we sign up for the fan club ?
be confident put yourself out there and know your strengths and weakness
is that why he keeps getting invited to all of mario 's games and parties while i 'm constantly being left out ?
what is it that would make you want to avoid general assembly ?
anyway stick to full release games if you ca n't take what previews offer .
you will find mostly that 's not what is happening to a good portion of us .
as far as losing people get used to it .
i 'm sure i 'll find some normal and/or surreptitious way to watch this
man you only got ta get weepy drunk and ring astarael once ... .
we knew his schedule and had his commute times down so we knew when to set it back down from the habitable zone to his bullshit icy tomb levels .
or you just their fan and hating on sephiroth ?
the characters have a few haters or no one is hating them and they get praised a lot !
look at people over here none of them here are saying they hate cloud or zack if the character has a lot of haters he is not overrated .
holy shit dude the goosebumps from that video are unreal .
good for him it 's truly amazing to see .
so your not posting from a computer with software from microsoft or apple ?
i do n't know of any pick up soccer games in the area but i know there are some .
i 'm down to play if you do find a place
bottoms up to not needing another mascara for a year
i saw that however it is not the point of my comment to be honest .
i thought it came out perfect after you were done !
i feel like space and time is a domain of kralk and its minion for some reason .
glint has a lair hidden in a grain of sand and her prophecy is basically seeing forward in time .
i wonder if kasmeer will solve the mystery behind kralk 's travel to the mist being a mesmer and all .
if we 're going to be nitpicky marvel is guilty of inconsistent continuity .
tony synthesizing vibranium was a huge plot point of iron man 2 .
avengers thanos was still obsessed with death perhaps even up until his charicterization in gotg .
josh brolin 's portrayal of thanos has no basis in characterization .
i suspect that the inconsistencies are going to ger worse as xmen and f4 are integrated into the already existing mcu .
what games would you want to be able to play ?
you know season 1 had a pretty ‘alternative ' cast before they realised that they should appeal to a wider audience with fishier girls hence season 2 's cast
yeah but being depressed is a far cry from the kind of asshole we are talking about here .
like he never puts people down as far as i remember .
he just is a bit of a cynical curmudgeon initially .
which makes me realize how chris traeger was basically born a pawnean wherever he was really born .
i ca n't imagine how he lived in other cities .
like bi-cycle said your best bet is to make a trade thread those are some pretty nice events o
saw tru 's press conference live on facebook and a few angry reactions .
it 's been tried before several times in several forms see here https img01-olxro.akamaized.net/img-olxro/217868029_1_1000x700_rollerblade-full-suspension-role-cu-suspensii-timisoara.jpg here http photobucket.com/gallery/user/ascottpres/media/bwvkawfjzdoyntkzmju2 ? ref and here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wsudruav3wi .
at least for the hockey-specific benefits of the version in the op this post https hfboards.mandatory.com/posts/24557927 seems sensible .
i use them and you do n't feel them spring because it 's a very stiff suspension .
it 's like a formula one race car suspension .
it only springs enough to conform to irregularities in the rolling surface so that all 4 wheels make even contact with the ground and that improves grip when you turn .
because of that extra grip you can get away with using harder wheels and benefit from less rolling resistance .
it also feels closer to ice skating than any other chassis .
what that post is describing keeping more of the wheelbase in contact with the skating surface at any given time does n't sound too conceptually different from the clap skates '' used in long-track speed ice skating http www.socalspeedskating.org/equip/skates/longtrack/longtrack.htm .
and apparently there was an attempt to partially simulate that with a suspension system for inline speed skates https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_qsufza3isi too .
there 's another path that runs through brookside that goes from the east end of freddy court back through some old baseball field around brookside then out behind the skate park and along university boulevard to s. 4th street .
the park along university is really nice it goes alongside skunk river and under a bridge back in the woods .
i 'm hoping it 's just rust but i do n't want to be too optimistic .
i would n't expect anything less from a haven of weeaboos .
if anything it 's less bad than i expected .
i 've lived a third of my life in western countries and the combination of blind japan-worshipping ignorance of east asian history and racism toward east asians this might sound contrary to the first point but the japan they adore is an idealised and fetishised orientalist caricature means that i see weeaboos utter some of the the most ignorant statements i have ever heard .
this is aimed at buggy unity i dont think origins has this problem .
if you 're hellbent on staying back that far i think you can drag a favicon from an opened tab for the desired page onto the new tab page and it 'll stick .
holding vet generates thor which is the gas of the blockchain needed for transactions .
that model allows cost per transaction to be independant of the price of the coins themselves as the nodes can vote to alter vtho to gas ratio and vtho generation rate .
nowhere in this particular comment chain was it talking about acting .
my own grandmother does n't recognize me between visits haha .
i 'm veg too and i 've always wanted to eat something at casey 's .
no selfishly it makes you feel good as well as the server .
obviously i ca n't guarantee anything but if it was n't a suicidal gesture then a doctor should n't necessarily commit you .
doctors are getting better about understanding that self harm isnt necessarily suicidal behavior .
that said i 'd say getting them checked by a doctor is the best option since it sounds like you 've tried cleaning them well .
please read the entire message before messaging the modteam .
because your account is new under 10 days old or your account has very low comment karma your submission has been removed .
this action is not directed at you personally r/cats requires all accounts to be at least 10 days old and have at least 25 comment karma in order to create new threads .
comment karma is not the same thing as link karma .
if you have less than 25 comment karma it is easy to get simply participate in a few discussions and you 'll have the amount you need in no time at all .
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcats and let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cats if you have any questions or concerns .
i main ninjas cloaked star is ass and any decent ninja user knows that
i keep releasing my seed in less than ideal conditions .
my uncles who have been together for 35 years got married .
i have a screenshot of that too of junk junction
butler has n't been an insane 2 way wing '' since 2013-14 and back then he was n't an offensive star yet just a great defender .
look for his album permanent midnight '' has a great underproduced off key sound to it that just works
does anyone know the translation of the japanese word at the top relating to bittersweet ?
while i think i do slightly better as zealot whc is my second choice every time .
not necessarily easy to use or more effective than the others but when i use him well i find myself having more fun than with any other character .
he 's kind of finicky in a way that feels rewarding .
personally i go rapier for the flavor of it but xbow for ranged .
i like to think i snipe a fair number of specials on my own .
then i go for a lot of cdr too .
stylish the rapier will always feel badass to stab people with no matter how they buff or nerf it
tagging everything is fun and i see it as my job .
plus it helped me to learn to do it with everyone since i started with whc .
i like oh shit '' buttons and his ult is one .
i 've also seen it do some serious damage when the other players take advantage of it .
if i played with a regular team i could see it being even more effective but i have a hard time ever getting on at the same time with any of my personal friends .
i do n't know how many players even appreciate that it 's happening but i 'm giving them that 20 extra damage whenever i can even if i 'm fighting a bunch of slaves and they 're way across the room with 1 elite i try to tag it for them .
headshoting enemies with the rapier always brings a smile .
he 's the canon version of the character i guess ?
so when you 're whcing you 're experiencing the true exploits of this ravaged body .
i 'm a block/push/attack machine with this guy and i think i can take on a horde pretty well .
go with the dodge distance and dance the night away
i never feel more vulnerable as last man standing than with whc victor .
anyone else ... i feel like i have a slight chance .
with whc i always feel like i 'm just fighting in order to go down fighting and not necessarily to salvage the game .
yeah that health pool is ... ..he goes down easy .
i guess he 's not really that much better at headshoting than anyone else .
i ca n't confirm this but ... was he obviously better at it in v1 ?
in this one so many characters have a headshot move especially with those push attacks and with other buffs end up killing that way just as fast as whc can .
still ... .i find it super fun with whc .
i suppose with the right or i should say wrong '' team the breakpoints are such that his tagging ability is n't helpful .
i dunno i tag chaos warriors with a shade or slayer there and i feel like all i 'm really doing is just singling them out of the crowd so others can dodge them .
the 20 damage ... do n't know that 's it 's all that helpful .
at the end of the day i think he 's totally viable and if he 's difficult to use i see that as a good thing if you want to jump into a character with a high skill ceiling .
the old dominion monarchs win over vt gives me hope !
hm ... who could it be in the sec ?
lsu a m or alabama ... just dreaming now .
i mean theres already a teleport in the game .
just need to have it added to poh portals like most of the other teleport spells on the books
yeah the upper chamber will flip blue hopefully for good and i 'll probably be pushed through next year .
they also they do usually overextend to apply pressure too .
they are very easy gank targets for mid roams and junglers .
thats the only reason these champions are not being played that often .
you cant snowball reliably enough to 2vs1 and being a juggernaut means your mobility is limited which also means dealing with ganks is difficult .
yeah people do n't seem to remember that once joining the big ten pelini 's huskers got assblasted a lot in marquee matchups
heck in 2014 they were down 27-3 to michigan state before dantonio slammed the brakes on the offense and nebraska mounted a little bit of a comeback .
uses kitchen items as weapons pots pans rolling pins etc .
stress went through the roof today and i do n't know how i 'm gon na manage over the next few months
but in good news i applied to a dream job '' yesterday and i do n't feel totally unqualified
edit lol i already got rejected from the job fuck
seine neue musik ist nicht so gut die älteren songs sind besser liegt vllt daran das ich ein kanacke bin
it 's multiple kills at the same time or multiple consecutive kills .
like if you kill 3 enemies with a rocket/super or any weapon-just really fast .
i 'm highly ranked everywhere else but i never play solo duel and it 's stays forever unranked .
i want to make an effort to actually put time into it .
also note how the execution stops once you 're in prison .
matching people based on ping will go a long way to solve those problems .
most of the time the desync people see is from one or both people having a super high ping .
keep your intentions at the forefront of your mind and you wo n't be disappointed .
i rarely ever meet a gay guy who is n't noticeably gay in other words very effeminate fashion forward and playful in some way or another .
real manly looking men but they 'll call you honey and criticize your dressing .
bi guys i have seen come in varying packages .
i know a guy who 's a hoodie wearing cheetoe fingered slob who confesses to all the dudes he 's boned every time he gets drunk and polishes it of with idc what hole you have i 'll put my dick in it.
i could n't believe someone would just throw out such a little gem !
see this is exactly the kinda changes that are just annoying and harmful to kodi users .
there is sooo much evidence that being vegan is healthier .
the only american weightlifter that qualified for the olympics is vegan vegan tribes that run hundreths of kilometers in one go on a biological standpoint we 're not built like carnivores ... come on .
you never got enough of those tokens atm got 6 current rares that i would like to get but do n't find them worth the 4k tokens each so i 'm just waiting till jagex adds new rares in the store so the current rares become limited rares and they drop from 4k each to 1,2k each .
so instead of 24k tokens 6 x 4k i only need 7,2k tokens 6 x 1,2k also when new rares are getting added atleast i will have some extra tokens left .
you do n't need to visit kobe to have kobe beef its available at restaurants in tokyo kyoto osaka etc .
so if you 're only interested in going for the beef then no need to use up a day trip for that just book a restaurant in tokyo that offers the higher grade beef .
although i must admit that there are other way better beef variants available that are much better than kobe beef .
ang lee 's hulk has some visually interesting sections trying to mimic comicbook panels and the general scenes of hulk vs the military are definitely better than in the incredible hulk .
on the other hand hulk fighting dogs and a cloud is infinitely less interesting than hulk fighting a super soldier and the abomination .
i 've got ta say tih is easily the better hulk film for me .
kavanaugh 's accusers have way more credibility at this point than franken 's did .
the virtue signaling is n't necessary we 've already passed the threshold of plausible deniability .
thanks i 'll take a look at this stuff !
so far they are n't giving us issues printed out our benchies pretty flawlessly
i have like 5 of them sitting in my closet and at least 3 more to start and finish by march .
i 'm cautious through being avoidant having social anxiety but definitely not conservative .
of course it may all depend on how one defines 'conservative ' .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a bolded tl dr .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/9ijsvn/i_have_to_leave_my_beloved_boyfriend_m23_f22_so_i and include your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
good luck to us and let 's hope he starts this weekend !
the full weight of her hand landed on the qb roughing the passer .
taking a shit in the morning having a sex drive being able to attend spontaneous events without worrying
every state in this country of diverse industries geography and interests deserves representation .
could also log the ip most frequently logged in from any changes to that ip require bank pin upon login .
could also provide the option to log a phone number to your account whenever someone recovers your account or changes your password or makes any changes to your account in general you receive an automated text that tells you what 's going on .
the technology available today is n't being utilized to its extent .
just about anyone with an authenticator has a mobile phone .
it 's completely possible to setup a text messaging system informing you of attempted logins password changes email changes etc .
doing this would allow users to take action immediately .
still gon na be great for arena and blitz teams and i mean if you can make him work for raid then more power to you just not an ideal character for it .
pair him with kingpin and you got yourself a powerful duo .
remember sudden impact was nerfed quite heavily in the 8.16 rune changes .
i have n't been able to visit seattle or portland but i agree with you .
politicians need to stop selling the more highway less traffic '' idea which is horribly misguided but makes a lot of money on tolls
people are working on two big linear parks theunderline and ludlam the old railroad tracks ... it 's moving in the right direction .
the people that just hate on the city are n't doing anything to help .
mostly excited that we will get a new champion next
it 's crazy to me how some tbms know so much and are still believers .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
using controller you want to enable your expanded hotbars so you do n't have to cycle .
there are two available and i recommend having both active .
you 've got expanded cross which is use by using both triggers one on a long hold and w crossbar which is activated with a double trigger tap .
it will take a while to get used to but you will have more than enough space for all your skills and then some with paladin the only class that still provides a bit of a space issue with all active is sch but that 's only because of pet actions
i bet they will be open up until the very end so they can keep selling the idea and people keep posting shit on social media .
i always give new high power weapons a go before infusing them on my favourites .
you also have to masterwork armor as well making it more infuriating .
this look polarized to me but i 'm not sure .
should i move up and try to shoot from sunlight to sunlight to see if it gets better ?
is there any other way to prevent diminish red dot washout ?
hur lång tid tog det innan bitarna letade sig i hälen ?
i mean i didnt watch as much football when i saw jay cutler look like he was ready to smoke a cigarette in between downs
the right half of his body needs some perspective work but it 's still really awesome .
not a card-carrying libertarian party faithful just a guy who agrees with some libertarian philosophy .
but hey at least its not july anymore so maybe you wont get heat casualties while you 're throwing your tantrum on the blacktop
2ndburner agrees with codburner2018mania that opticgaming contacted apathy\_bz i2gunless arcitys
but he says people are getting confused they were contacted to be a replacement for tjhaly not optic\_dkarma as karma wanted tj dropped .
kavanaugh should never sit on the supreme court and the president is still a traitorous asshole .
media gamesmanship does n't make any of this not true .
been one since birth i did n't actually get a say in the matter .
before care cards got made into picture id in canada at least my care card had a little organ donor sticker on it
i just hope when the day comes my organs will be salvageable
the med schools do n't earn money from it .
it 's actually a scam to milk money from thirsty pre-meds while pretending to medical schools that they provide valuable information despite the fact that it is subjectively graded .
my children think i 'm insane because i 've openly said in conversation sugar is the metabolic devil . ''
there is more and more empirical data every day but the carcinogenic aspects are a newer area of focused study .
there is already preliminary data that people who 've had cancer in the past and are taking the drug metformin to keep their blood sugar lower are at a reduced risk of developing a new cancer .
cancer wants to get fat as fast as possible grow grow grow .
keep up the good fight stay moving and keep your carbohydrates fibrous and starches resistant .
you 'd get my upvote if i would n't watch that movie yesterday ...
a two-player game is two players and a gm .
a solo play game is one player simulating the gm with a choose-your-adventure mechanism .
looks like someone pissed off fake shitty asshole superman in a bar again
if i do the h-exploit would i be able to use that fancy sd2vita adapter thing read around that its only compatible with 6.30 ?
after installing the exploit can i remote play with my playstation 4 org ?
make sure you 're taking gromp or krugs as much as possible at this point .
gives you a good exp lead and makes them feel behind the entire game .
like the other commenter said save your spin to chase or disengage .
just hope they overextend otherwise accept the winning trade and keep shoving that lane .
i 'm an alumnus who sent feedback supporting the name change .
only if you let me pick you up over my head and sit that slit on my lips ... better hang on
plus it was the start of goverment military contracts for him .
that 's the second time i have heard someone mention meditation as a suggestion .
but i would n't know where to start i will have to take a look into it and see what i can find and if it feels right for me
does anyone else just not care who 's in smash anymore ?
like i 'm not rooting for any characters and i wo n't be upset if one character makes it in over another .
whoever the devs decide to put it it 's fine i just want to play .
and i know for certain that the newcomers will be interesting to play with so it just does n't matter to me .
only trade for those scales or will you sell ?
i 'd be interested in para3 and mini grip possibly
why does it seem like every journalist hates baseball ?
just go cover something else stop trying to fix shit
it 's a rental i believe its laminate but it 's also only about 2 years old so it still looks pretty good
like you said there is never a perfect time for it .
you two are both adults and should be able to functionally continue about whatever the stressful period is .
i guess pets really do take after their owner xd
it would 've been way funnier if it said stranger disconnected
i bet he was like of fuck im getting exposed
do you live in an area where the majority support her are followed by people who support her or follow people who also follow her ?
every loss is a life lost and every 2 wins gives you back a life when you lose all your lives you 're probably in need of a lil break to get out of that funk so when you get back you 'll be reset and back to playing like usual
i 'll love that game till the end of time .
it 's why i think something very last minute happened which usually correlates to bad news .
edit apparently the letter mentions coming from scion tower '' .
do n't know much about tr but according to the forum users it 's a really silly name to use maybe no one really noticed it ?
mistakes happen in development all the time but i ca n't see why they 'd change the entire scene for that .
one of my favourite tactics is to sit at the top of the ladder with a bloody great sword ... . a few points put into power strike and you 'll be scoring one hit kills on near anything that pops it 's head up the ladder .
front looks a little rough but this is amazing for your first attempt .
keep at it keep looking at other techniques and you wo n't have any future issues !
looks like you 're a 40 year old woman whose tits are procrastinating coming in .
i 'm not getting either just wan na know if they remain in the league .
i know if you skip the prelude they 're not even in the game
i just bought a cuh-7116b in the hopes that there would be no new models .
i even spoke to the guy in the shop to see if he knew anything or heard any rumours
hey now some of us like to get drunk alone and wallow in it .
personal character is the best measurement of personal character '' ?
could be what was meant just awkward way to phrase it ?
hey atleast you can sponge old heirlooms beyond there current tier right ?
but it gives people a blanket well i do n't like this race so do n't show me that rather than letting them see everyone and choosing .
i got more in common with ethopian and yemen than i do west african .
but technically now an yemeni girl who for most of family would be fine with me would not see me because she checked of not talking to black guys because she thinks her culture is to different from a dude from jamaica .
i 'm sure you wear clothes and eat food which is just as bad as doing cocaine from that point of view .
and this is how you shed the disney princess '' label quickly and effectively .
i did n't edit so sorry to say it 's the second one .
what i 've found is if you take from 401k then you have to pay it back .
a withdraw is permanent and you ca n't pay it back anyway if you wanted to since you do n't work for anyone with a 401k .
if you 're talking about a loan then of course but you ca n't take out a loan if you do n't work for the company anymore .
wrong ira 's have early withdrawal penalties same 10 as 401k .
but what happens if you take our 401k while unemployed ?
so yeah if you want access to that money roll it over to an ira .
if you have low income this year or next year it 's probably a good time to roll it to a roth ira .
then you have penalty free access to that money edit only after 5 years .
i did read what you put you are just wrong .
the alliance combined efforts provided more soldiers/troops than the horde try and dispute it all you want but you are going against fact .
tyrande basically said how can we trust you and not become the next evil leader .
once elisande and the legion are dealt with we 'll see where we go from there .
stop trying to spin this to making it bad than what it actually is .
and yes some other night elves probably felt the same betrayal as tyrande did .
but other did not you see this through the campaign that not all night elves hated the nightborne .
like before you had one line said to thalyssra and that was enough to somehow cut all relations with the night elves alliance and high elves .
it is just bad writing if it only takes one line to do so .
the tree would have failed with out the night elves thus he saved them when he came up with a solution .
please stop arguing against this point you are just wrong .
do you have a source on this which they did n't which has a actual reason and is not forced just to fit the nightborne joining the horde '' narrative ?
i mean would sylvanas really send supplies to the nightborne ?
like before i am all for the nightborne to be friendly and have a alliance with the blood elves but only the blood elves .
it makes no sense why they would fully join the horde .
it comes across as forced thalyssra coming across as 2 faced hypocrite and is a stab in the back to any alliance or night elf player which either did the campaign or knows the lore .
it also goes against a lot of what thalyssra has said in legion to the point where it has ruined some of her character and she is just fine with everything the horde is doing currently .
i remember when there we rumors when the mag'har orc 's were going to join the alliance and the amount of outrage what came from here the forums in game etc.. was massive because it was completely stupid which i agree with .
the exact same thing has happened with the nightborne joining the horde instead of keeping neutral or joining the alliance .
and there is people like you defending such a awful choice from a writing to story to lore this is .
if you 're absorbed enough in something you wo n't see anything else .
costs ten shards for one and then doubles in cost every time resetting back to ten every day .
otp can be cracked trivially if you ever reuse a key .
that 's the big setback with otp as far as i understood .
pretty much every file on your computer has a predictable header and a predictable structure .
would the same be true if the cipher is a video recording ?
basically if we were to admit the above app is flawed in its design would that still jeopardize otp if it 's implemented the right way ?
yes the cipher must be as long as the source yes it 's a use-once method .
but this being admitted can it still be considered a very sound crypto ?
are there any apps on the market that would implement otp the right way ?
beharren auf freiwilligen lösungen oder den glauben '' an den markt zur lösung von dingen die offensichtlich der markt nicht lösen wird .
einen wie auch immer gearteten freien markt '' will die fdp abweichend von anderen wirtschaftsfreundlichen entitäten nämlich nicht .
und dann funktioniert auch der markt so wie man es will .
wer co2 emittiert ohne den entsprechenden zertifikate zu haben zahlt heftige strafen .
wenn co2 einsparen günstiger ist als co2-zertifikat kaufen spare ich lieber das co2 ein und kaufe kein zertifikat oder verkaufe mein vorhandenes wenn der preis unterperiodisch ansteigt weil sich irgendjemand verkalkuliert hat .
wenn ich das nicht mache ist mein unternehmen eben ineffizient und an anderer stelle wird jemand zu einer teureren einsparung oder der noch teureren strafe gezwungen .
you should tell your bf how you feel and he should stand up for you and put a stop to it .
there were other people but it did seem to target the big names '' .
howizer for example had most of his plots bid on .
do you have any evidence of a dog recognizes itself in a mirror at least the way that cat does ?
the test have some very specific conditions you ca n't make it work with a sniffing .
cause at the start all that ice comes from separate places and bunches together which is why i think it actually is reversed .
if they made a duel links version of this it 'd just be yusei with two junk berserkers in the background .
most people assume they are less prepared than professionals for making workout plans .
the science and empirical evidence behind common workout plans is n't trivial and the studies and experience of those who made them are vast .
i assume that 's the reason for rule 9 https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_rule_.239 .
i think all information should be brought forth in a legal setting .
then make these slimy politicians but their names to the votes .
reportedly he is very big on cardio training since his early years .
i have 30 on eu i 'm not sure the region is the issue ...
i got them as a pair at my lfs in sydney
i just called the lfs who assured me that so long as they are grazing on the rocks they are good so i will keep a close eye on them .
i 've had pods for around 6 months now so hopefully they 'll be stable i get the odd amphipod in the display which gets nipped up by my wrasse
this jackass with a moral boner decided to come along and really screw these kids over .
and you 're encouraging that it 's obvious this kid does n't think much for himself so as far as i 'm concerned you 're about as creepy as the pastor .
exact same thing happened to my grey pair such a bummer .
if the deadlines given are aggressive on purpose should we probably assume that 3.3.5 is not going to happen and it will be 3.4 out later ?
it pretty much sounds like 3.4 by another name already .
cashed in my reds ticket stub for larosa 's from a now-rare 11-strikeout game .
probably the worst pizza i 've had in the last five years .
at least it was free so i guess i should n't complain ?
it takes a lot more than frequently misusing a word to make it obsolete once it has been added to the dictionary .
people misuse the word nazi ferociously but it is still a word that holds meaning .
but you are right that its misuse just like misusing nazi is often indicative of childishness .
by calling ca sjws they indicate that ca are adding generals for social justice purposes which is ordinarily left wing .
you could call it keyboard activism because it done via programming .
as a devil 's advocate i 'd say they used the word in the pejorative manner it was meant to be used .
it 's honestly the first time i 've had to do a study within a study within a study search for the source of a claim .
you 're supposed to use the original source in your own studies not reference other studies referencing someone else .
i really do n't get how this paper got past peer review .
the milligram claim should have caused any toxicologist or entomologist to pause .
they really are a wired first wireless second kind of headphone .
i prefer them wired over wireless but they still do sound fantastic wireless .
they sound nearly the same over wired vs wireless but that will ultimately depend on your sound source .
you just get the full unadulterated hi-res sound passively .
if they released a non-wireless crossfade 2 at a cheaper price point i 'd definitely be recommending it .
recognizing this is the first step toward fixing the problem .
if we took all the effort we spend dividing each other and put it toward working toward any kind of compromise we 'd be much better off .
and they hire shawn because she 'll ask the questions she 's being fed in her earpiece and not any others .
i 've been burnt out of kanto since the first summer go came out .
it was right after i replayed yellow on the vc and i could n't stand looking at all the kanto pokemon .
i was real happy when gen 2 came out and now i ca n't wait for 4 .
with this ios this is the best time to actually keep your 8. if i were you id just get a new case and with some new wall papers and ios 12 it should honestly feel like you got an s '' upgrade
i doubt apple will be so kind to older devices in the future so if you dont hold out now you probably never will
i started working on it around.. 6 or 7 last night .
i wanted to explain the significance of the pieces i chose what part they play in the movies and how it would sound in the game environment .
i thought it would originally be in the game but as someone said it 's possible he roster was finalized beforehand .
but for all we know sakurai might not want them in not sure how well arms did personally but that is also taken into account .
i 'm still going through yours posts on my down time .
i 'm still in college for something that 's not film/acting related my parents lowest requirements before i actually do anything by myself .
i 'm asian it 's complicated so i 'm trying to at least not get kicked .
meanwhile i 've been writing emails to independent productions and student films for acting and behind the scenes jobs .
the whole industry is probably different in taiwan then in la but there are probably stuff that 's universal .
i hope i 'll one day be able to go across the globe and meet you all sometime .
i be finishing and disgusting yours posts as a start .
btw i want to squeeze a little question i do n't know who to ask .
i 've been on some 2 independent films and a few students films .
mostly behind the screen but recently more on the the other side trying in auditions .
as an actor especially in student films and you have questions and uncertainties with the script .
like if there are big plot holes or things like that should you tell them or just keep quiet and act the part ?
it not in the mindset of you suck but i wish the production would be better and wish to improve with what i know .
it could result in deaths and serious injury rates not seen in the men 's game since women 's necks heads and spines are less capable of sustaining blows
just save everything and wait for the next general rate up .
i gave up after 300 contracts and i 'm just waiting and saving now .
was he like practicing swordsmanship while contemplating whether or not to do this ?
i 'm 5'4 132ish and i can only do 1200 for maybe 5 days in a row when i 'm very motivated before i need more cals to stop feeling sluggish
that 's awesome would like to clarify a little further .
if i understood your context correctly were you playing the game as a guest account until the game became available in your region ?
meaning no linking of any external accounts google play facebook email etc etc ?
after reading what you guys have to say i am now very hopeful that time sunk into the game would n't be wasted since all of you were successful in carrying your progression over !
it keeps the crowd on their toes if it happens every so often .
could probably let him sit that one out too if earl leaves ...
ive been re rolling for atleast 1 haise for about 1 day now and still has n't came up for me
thank you i find your detailed explanation rather helpful to my understanding on the joke .
coming from the twitter of the woman jill andrew who awarded the toronto police chief coon of the year '' i find this more than a little self-serving hypocritical nonsense .
it 's obviously bait and frankly it 's sad to see how many people in here are falling into it .
let a real journalist investigate the matter if there 's anything to a connection between doug ford and obvious racists .
in the meantime i 'll continue to ignore w/e dumb shit comes spewing from jill andrew 's .
it 's not like i have a shortage of other games to play rl was just one of the chillest
there are people like that but it 's not all the gays .
lol i 'll tell ya something i 'm not going any further down that hole than that guy has gone .
beast uppercut/rising dragon is still a thing not just real impact .
if you eat perfect monday to friday then skip meals or over-indulge on the weekends then you are n't going to get anywhere .
i 'm currently 1 card off my perfect card set .
huh interesting time to roll out such decision almost like they knew no one would regulate such decision
there 's another book by this same name written by blake crouch that 's a sci fi cerebral thriller .
at first i skipped over the author name you wrote and was confused with your synopsis haha .
it 's certainly intended yeah but i never contested that .
my original point was that her bisexuality was n't confirmed .
the writers can intend whatever they want but if it 's not made explicit then it only counts for so much .
in terms of representation i 'd say that clara is a pretty insufficient example of bisexuality given that her interest in men forms the backbone of one of her story arcs while her interest in women boils down to a couple of throwaway jokes and let us not forget the whole girl called nina it was a phase thing from her very first story .
i 'm not even sure if i actually find it less frustrating than i would if they 'd simply never included those jokes at all .
that 's really the thing to me even if you removed those jokes you would still be free to imagine that she was bisexual because there would n't be any evidence that she 's not also into women .
but the presence of the jokes without any substantial development for that aspect of her character make it look like it 's something the writers are only almost-but-not-quite willing to embrace something that they 're only willing to tease .
and although intentions do matter and the writers had good intentions the appearances of the finished product matter as well .
teases of her being bi are okay i guess but golly i 'd sure love a more rounded and meaningful portrayal of bisexuality .
that would make peach x bowser porn a hell of a lot more ... interesting for sure
however your submission has been removed for the following reason
already submitted this article has been submitted to r/politics within the last three days
i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/deityofunderworld26 message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
i hate the roughing the passer calls that are unique to this year but this has been a penalty for like 10 years now .
the flop is lame but that 's not why it was called .
i remember watching those battle scenes in starship troopers and it shaping my perception of how the prequels were going to be especially since the prequels were going to cover the clone wars .
starship troopers contributed to my personal disappointment in the prequels .
is no one gon na comment on how nasty that pan looks ?
same reason labels on the ui are disabled by default
i mean ... that 's kinda the point of having a hoa .
stop your neighbours from doing dumb shit that could make the neighborhood look worse .
i did not think it 'd be that much or that long .
i had free tickets and food vouchers as well .
and the award for greatest exaggeration of all time goes to ... . ongo goblogian !
that 's true for most electrical things but acs use significantly more power to start up than to maintain the cooling process .
that 's why all the smart thermostats are optimized for longer runtimes and less cycles .
and i can tell you that the last thing in the world he would want is to make anyone feel guilty for not pulling themselves up to use your term .
i can also tell you firsthand that having a loving middle class family does n't assure any success .
he 's been in and out of jail for ten years .
he 's currently in a local jail awaiting a sentencing hearing .
he served 33 months in a virginia state prison .
when he got back into reality he did n't last 3 months before he was using again .
bill 's success did n't start when he got out of prison .
it 's what he did with his time there that prepared him for being successful when he got out .
he read numerous books on leadership stories of successful people and how they got there and he worked on strengthening his faith .
that 's what led to his success when he got out .
but had he not done the work for the ten years in prison none of that would have mattered .
we gave our son all kinds for support over the years .
bill 's message is one of making the most of the worst of possible situations .
how hard do you think it was for him to separate himself from the prison life ?
not sure if you know anyone personally whose been there but trust me .
it 's dangerous and hard to separate from the prison life .
at this point we 'd probably want to file with insurance because of the expense .
and since that 's through his work would n't they know about it ?
plus i think he has to disclose that regardless as part of his background checks .
red ginseng oolongs are my favourite and maybe a little different than you are used to .
i was an overnight manager at a grocery store and so many people ignored the sign about no pets allowed .
it got to the point that i would n't even say anything because every single one would give me attitude about how its a service dog when obviously their dirty chihuahua was not .
saying service animal '' is just a free pass to bring your dog anywhere you want because you legally can not ask for proof .
i 'm no expert but i do n't think anything on there is a trap beat . ''
there 's no reason for icarus on luna 's .
but they work with blizzard like the gold farmers in china
i see nothing on the main page about it care to link me to such threads/posts instead of being snarky ?
its not about it being 50 feet the tower i 'm being given happens to be 50 feet .
this is probably a local rule being so close to the ag spraying company if you were skimming my trees you would crash in one long before you were at 50 feet
well no one has moral authority in the nw to judge him
one of these days bungie will realize players are only motivated by rewards .
they 're only fooling themselves when they think players do anything but crucible for fun .
considering he said almost exactly that word for word in his un speech this morning i would not take that bet because you 're spot on .
lol it 's hilarious that you think the pats will be a bad team .
the biggest problem right now is the receiving core right now every play gronk is being double covered hogan is playing slot which he is horrible at and dorsett is just kinda meh .
bring back edelman and add gordan and the offense will be back to a top 5 offense .
the defense is another story the pats proved last year you can get to a super bowl with a horrible defense .
my bad i was high and i thought i read 16th now i see you 're staying in a tenth .
well damn i 'd like to get wet with you and make you very moist too wink wink ''
the pouch/myth/zayt/vivid squad is going to be so fun to watch
i 'm not sure but last i heard it 's been a solid majority for decriminalization and i sure hope it passes .
i 'm also not sure whether to use legalization or decriminalization ?
would you consider it a bad or a good thing if pushing deer was made impossible with scout ?
what if you will 100 never get ganked in jungle ?
yes but it that isnt very difficult and does not have to be done on a daily basis .
math is pretty limited on the job but familiarizing yourself with excel and making these kind of graphs and formulaic calculations will be necessary so that clarification is important to point out .
having a math background is helpful but there is no need for calculus level math here since the times for which you need math tend to be very specific .
this is especially true if op would start as an assistant/associate pm .
i ended up having to go no contact with her .
when i ran away with a man at work she tried coming back in my life but she was obsessed .
still thought she could hit me or punch me whenever she wanted .
the elders or others in the congregation never lifted a finger to help us .
i cant believe i hung in as long as i did .
after everything they put us thru it makes no sense to me .
we went thru so much together and i cant talk to her .
anyone who thinks r has anywhere near the capability of matlab is on something .
even if you hit your q while he 's casting e you wo n't stop him from dashing urgot e is one of the few dashes that has a strange behaviour and no if he rushes black cleaver you are pretty fucked unless you are ahead in lane .
inside the museum infinity goes up on trial.voices echo this is what salvation may be like after a while
i think people should totally take responsibility and be judged for what they do when they are drunk .
he opened his pants and tried to put his penis on her face .
it kinda depends on the lab assay but in general quercetin is a thyroid disruptor that is just overall going to decrease thyroid function via a few different mechanisms .
not really something i recommend to anyone who is concerned they may have an under-functioning thyroid .
in addition to all you 've said they were probably looking at his cap hit and seeing how to generate more cap space to be honest .
http new-aesthetic.tumblr.com http new-aesthetic.tumblr.com sensibility at the digital age ?
i 'm 0-3 with the 3rd most points in my league .
it happens got ta pray for that regression to the mean .
sure the only decent looking up and comer is neptune who 's now with ghost
chris berman was employed for years at espn and he was awwwwful .
hmmm say any of that to a female family member and i find out it would suck to be that nice guy .
i do n't know i loved how in aggretsuko they portrayed the lie that was her relationship and the way she realized w/o making it look like the guy was an idiot or something like that which is very common in most fiction
sure bojak shows the consequences of it characters failings in a more developed and elaborated way not sure if i 'd use the word real '' that strikes me as something a little bit angsty but both shows make clear that there is not a definitive magical solution to one 's problems .
aggretsuko has an overall positive vibe of course but so did at least one season finale in bojak it gets easier every day ''
i guess i 'd have to wait where aggretsuko goes in following seasons
well i ca n't do it at my desk !
i remember really enjoying the ds games although i do n't think they did bending the justice we 'd want .
is there an alternative kit that will allow us to wire straight to the camera ?
i do not have much space for something like that under my dash .
ghost rider resurrected by howard mackie and mark texiera .
texeira is the definitive ghost rider artist for me .
here 's a sneak peek of r/vancouver using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/vancouver/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 if you 're the owner if either of these 2 cars and you have scratches on your bumpers there was a tacoma parked there that hit both of them even though there was no space and i have him on video .
dm me to get his license plate and the video .
2 i photographed every arrival into yvr over an eight hour period https i.redd.it/jdum91ivhqo01.jpg 443 comments https np.reddit.com/r/vancouver/comments/88310j/i_photographed_every_arrival_into_yvr_over_an
3 this guy ... ..while waiting for his bus this morning picked up every piece of trash around and put it in the bin .
you 've inspired me to do the same while i wait for mine from now on .
their needs to be more people in the world like you thank you !
2k basketball went from being the best sports sim to bring crap is record time .
the way some democrats have been treated for being sympathetic '' to republicans makes me think that to people like this there 's no such thing as a good republican .
i 'm sorry but i 'm gon na assume you 're here to spread dissent and start arguments .
good points but i disagree with the kylo thing .
in force awakens snoke berated him for not getting the droid in front of hux and in tlj he 's called a fool for wearing the mask .
in his eyes every mentor and leader has failed him his father giving him up luke betraying him his point of view and now snoke treating him like a child .
it 's his chance to become the leader he thinks he can be and take orders from no one .
i followed the steps and then started local node again .
daemon is synchronized wallet blocks remaining started from 1450000 and it is going down by 10k at a time .
oh fuck well whatever i bought them so i will try them hahahaha
if you share your credit info or other private info over private message you 're a moron to be honest .
the silence and how a director can use that to their advantage whether that be for suspense the elongating of emotion or just for general shots .
like you op bela tarr is fantastic at this especially in damnation and turin horse .
i bought this item as the tank a few games ago to counter him .
my team flamed the hell out of me for it it really is n't that well known it works .
saved me a bunch of times that match tho .
i know you 're joking but seriously that 's enough fucking title posts .
who are the people that could n't figure out how to vote using the regular google home page ?
i know i 'd rather not pay the price for all of the other things they ca n't figure out .
seems like it might be encouraging idiots to vote .
my favorites so far are explorer frosted and debonair i dont mention pulsefire because we have no idea of how good the skin is and if it changes models we will have to wait .
curious fact emerlad striker explorer and pulsefire are gon na get brand new splash arts the rest is getting some minor tweaks if not touched at all sg
i own a full service rapid prototyping facility in tampa fl check my post history for confirmation called 3d musketeers .
we are happy to get you taken care of for this endeavour .
we have an army of 3d printers lasers and most recently a cnc machine .
it does n't matter if you desire to work under the min wage .
then you 'd only have a 33 and a 1/3 chance of winnin at best .
yeah the terracotta pot was only fired at about 1800° to 2200° f .
my heat distribution is actually much better than i thought it would be .
entire project cost including the grinder blade was 57 .
all he 's doing is helping get his name out there more .
you think people do n't know the name of their premier ?
i 'm sure she wants to hear from you !
i get a scare at least once a day 😭
just get straight to the point if he 's already come crying to them about his version of events .
say something along the lines of jake would tell me time and again anytime he was surfing the web for images more explicit than mine that he was just looking .
right up until i caught him talking to these same girls .
i got into modeling in order to learn to love myself because he was yanking my self-confidence away .
i broke up with him because i succeeded . ''
i would n't pay much since the hamburger menu on mobile does n't even work .
i do n't even watch the play anymore just cam
i live for the added people in the show the freinds '' the lawyer 's employees and people staring at angela 😏 it makes the show for me .
unless you 're a cleric or otherwise required to keep the hours you can do whatever you want really .
praying the hours in private is n't actually a liturgy but instead a private devotion and so there are no real rules regarding how you do it .
your approach is n't bad but i would recommend considering ways in which the snippet approach can be fruitful .
it allows you to focus more narrowly on the passage in question and allows you to consider it not only in the context of the surrounding text but even more so in the context of the entirety of salvation history .
there are many passages that are fairly basic in their meaning in context but when considered in light of christ take on a radically different and more complete meaning .
even ezekiel may not have fully comprehended what was being said when he describes water flowing from the side of the temple but we do .
vikings fans are by far my favorite you guys are so friendly .
because i wake up at the asscrack of dawn to sit at a desk all day in an office with no god damn windows just so i can come home and clean up a mess that was n't made by me and sometimes i like a little validation .
at least he did n't try to teach game design to itsuno
i 'm cool if they keep doing it and go 3 and out trying
i 'm personally a fan of the f blues scale myself
my bumble hooves was a frankenpour but you can open up a ticket with customer service if youd like a certain color split .
it seems so clipped and fast in the movie they quickly move on and i was always puzzled by it .
now my head canon is that sarge has used the tears line previously for hudson 's bullshit .
it 's a little early for a hof induction so we 'll have to settle for an emotional speech while he hoists the lombardi .
every game for the rest of the season is an absolute must win .
we ca n't end up needing to play the dolphins or the chiefs away in the playoffs .
sorry for the confusion most encourage you to use the writing center to improve your work before submitting it .
in my opinion the reason baby lurantis is n't used more often is because there are n't many good attackers that need it .
golisopod prefers a hit-and-run style of play using switching and acerola to deny kos .
if you plan on using its armor press attack instead you would need all three baby lurantis set up to hit 190 with a choice band .
having to manually attach a grass and dce to your main attacker will slow you way down too .
you mentioned you want this list to be competitive so look at how vikaray and malamar get their energies on board .
all the main attackers use three energy but vikaray has acceleration from the deck and malamar gets it from the discard .
lurantis gx does n't work nearly as well because its acceleration comes from an attack on a two-prize attacker while vika and malamar use abilities on one-prize attackers .
energy acceleration seems to be pretty important in this meta be it through attacks items or abilities but acceleration through attacks is the slowest method .
however i suggest you try playing the deck anyway !
see what works and what does n't and adjust your list accordingly .
i would suggest dropping the sky pillar i 'm not sure what purpose it is serving in your list .
unfortunately lurantis gx is just too slow for the current meta so you may consider dropping it as well but if your heart is set on it go right ahead !
also you need a full set of cynthia because you have no draw support .
do n't worry about fire decks since they are not that prevalent from what i can tell and i would n't recommend pheromosa gx .
well i dont have enough storage in my ssd to hold my videos and i think i need 32 gb of ram and ram that is made for ryzen cpus
dude.. a film reel approached me in the san francisco bart today and told me not to pay taxes .
i 'm over 6 foot and on the heftier side lol .
i 've been waiting for a redesign for ten years it 's not that different just more aesthetically pleasing .
well at least a dollar of it from charging your phone all year .
i just wanted to keep the steelers without a win
that 's because we currently have limited ai and it 's not housed in robots but in networked computers and servers and such .
you are old enough to remember what actually happened .
croatia has some of the most underrated churches in europe .
a lot of variation in style for such a small country .
if there was a way to send some safely through the post i 'd love to share when i make some
i 'd imagine there would be some contingency on their end no ?
like presumably gus found them through 'black market channels ' and thus reputation would go along way here .
you ca n't just kill these kind of people .
these are trustworthy people who know what they 're signing up for .
you 'd think they would have a plan in the event they never return as well .
however i could totally see gus going maegor i the cruel on them .
he was n't busting out amazing matches with any kind of regularity but he still had his moments .
we 'll wait 25 years if we let the usual suspects get around to it .
even if jabba 's palace felt like an eternity .
i just love that dual battle happening on and above endorphins .
hoth was cool but kid me always enjoyed the wars '' part of star wars and most of empire is about personal struggles and not so much spectacles .
but i was a kid so please do n't hurt me .
i agree since the title does n't make sense because there is no way to block a hellsweep on reaction it 's all prediction .
he cucked bdog and went to go whiteknight dennis after their breakup .
currently spending hours of his time so his m'lady can acknowledge him
nah hes definitely the bratwurst in the sausage race at miller park
pull your heads out of your asses what the fuck
it is one hell of a lot easier to hire from inside the government than from outside .
taking a gs4 for a while to find the gs5 is a solid strategy .
you are looking for an engineering tech drafting https www.usajobs.gov/search ? jt=engineering 20technician 20 drafting p=1 job
lol that one gets put on every logo and design sub about once a week .
but i am still in awe of it every time because i would never be able to com me up with that .
but if you go too far south people start to sound like diego right
i have had a s7 for more than two years .
have been using it naked for around 6 months .
please wake up and prove your not an idiot the liberals think you are an idiot and can brainwash you with nonsense like this !
he also posted a .940 in the postseason the year before that .
and people say he choked in game 6 against chicago but if that 's true he was also the reason they even got to a game 6 .
they allowed only 2 goals against the penguins that year in a sweep .
i 'm trading a tauros for khangaskahn hope i spelled that right .
if it was gon na come out on time would n't it have come out a week ago
this song has been playing in my head when i think about black out bart oingo boingo only a lad '
i have n't seen them in a while but in ma we used to have signs saying 'no pedestrians bicycles or horses ' on many on ramps .
puig would of prevented that run but you 're right i guess
but how would restricting it help remove its power ?
it just puts it in a pedestal and gives it power .
imagine if only a few people were allowed to go to a club .
that club will be viewed as this exclusive special thing .
obv that 's an analogy not tryna say saying the n word or any other word is a club or anything
heatran and that jolly rayquza what were you interested in ?
aside hans and any other servant with imperial privilege id say star gens crit supports literally anyone .
even at nuetral dmg he can potentially deal zerk lvl dmg wo crits .
i personally use him with mash and hans both with 2939 because crit .
i think it 's really enjoyable sky ferreira 's not in it that much and the gore is incredible .
i 've been using firefox and ddg for over a year at this point .
how much do you get paid for these posts ?
you live in sweden but you do n't have any idea about what 's really going on in domestic politics ?
if you are scared to live in sweden supposedly you are going to have a shock when you try to live somewhere outside lilla sveariket .
they 're working on it http images.huffingtonpost.com/2013-04-18-solar_panel_hut.15113244_stdviagreenbiosolar.jpg just like their mobile phones jumped the copper wires to all those small remote communities .
eventually those 12v individual pv+battery systems can be connected together and with a larger community owned pv+battery 60v ?
but the chance for 'very long distance to a power-plant ' is low .
under rockerkrigen i 90'erne døde 2 civile og adskillige blev såret .
you are too stupid to call anyone on anything .
while i 've given examples for all of mine .
no i guess if that 's the only claim he has it would n't make sense .
i 've made more reasonable stuff in kerbal space program what the hell
you call me a jerk for calling out an obviously biased article with little actual information and suggesting people read a real news article instead .
this article '' misrepresents the changes by highlighting only a single change and then further misrepresents that one change by saying all the changes are towards plant based protein '' .
the government is advocating people eat more plant based protein for those that do n't eat meat .
they recommend that those that do eat meat simply eat less red meat not more plant protein .
the changes will also emphasize reducing sugar intake which is a bigger deal than just eating more plant protein .
this article '' does n't mention anything about sugar and simply says everyone should eat more plant protein .
it 's a complete misrepresentation of what is actually changing .
for what it 's worth i just played through kh 1 and 2 without knowing much of the story and it did n't detract from my experience much .
being confused for a good portion of kh2 actually made things pretty satisfying once the pieces came together and the gameplay is just fantastic .
think he got caught up in the westminster sleaze scandal last year that miraculously got eclipsed by other stories did n't it ?
the trouble with shropshire is that the tories have an iron grip over it .
tory mps enjoy 70 of the vote which is increasing so the party places useful idiots in the extremely safe seats knowing they 'll get elected even if they 're as thick as this gent here .
nothing productive browsing the internet mainly reddit twitter and youtube and playing games .
there are a lot of diy solutions you can see them in image search for aquarium pothos .
and yes if the room is not bright enough even low light plants require some light .
just when you 're feeling oddly sastified there has to be dat sneaky boi to ruin it all
i 've mentioned you on the weekly dicussion thread !
an opportunity to yell at ted would be the highlight of my night .
once china is done with japan there will be nothing left for a cycle .
a hot dog is a specific type of sausage .
typically it is served in a bun but it used to be served with gloves or on a plate .
the bun was invented much later than the sausage .
dog used to be slang for sausage at the time and a hot dog was a warm sausage hence the name .
typically it was the same type of sausage and that became what we have today .
if you have a bratwurst in a hot dog bun it is n't a hot dog its a bratwurst in a bun .
if you have polish sausage in a bun it is n't a hot dog .
if you have a hot dog it is a frankfurter sausage ... and is usually served in a bun but does n't have to be .
unfortunately the fake news may turn into real news if the anxiety has its way .
poor sweet summer child who knows nothing of actual anime circle jerking .
oh yeah if you knew how much togashi put into hxh you 'd be blown away from just good this shit is .
naruto would n't be this good if it did n't have hxh as it 's predecessor .
the key think being i 'm a dad '' .
it 's always i 'm a dad '' in the destiny community .
like i give a f k that you 're a dad '' .
both the raid and the nightfall 100k score are possible without masterworked weapons .
listen here dad '' the streamers and content creators are the only reason bungie changed the utter train wreck that was d2 y1 .
if those dumbass streamers '' had n't told them what the game actually needs you 'd still be playing a dead game with lame content .
also those dumbass streamers '' beat the raid at power levels in the low 540 's without any masterwork weapons and armor so what the f k are you even talking about dad '' ?
you should be concerned about rights abortion rights civil rights etc .
the second we stop caring is the second they erode and/or are obliterated .
i love bodyguardz protectors they feel the most like the normal screen imo
if it works out you have a potential te1 for rest of season .
cam and carolina 's offense looking great so far .
i do n't think he 'd be wasting his time and everyone elses if there was n't a good chance he can be productive .
call people tourists '' for eating at pats and genos but then eat food from wawa everyday .
i noticed last winter gas stations kept running out of fuel intermittently .
it was n't exactly a crisis but in the end you could n't depend on a particular station having gas .
some would just say no fuel sorry go elsewhere .
i learned later there was ice in the harbor and that was hampering fuel delivery to the entire region for weeks .
they could n't truck it in in sufficient quantities due to winter storms .
tough one here but difference makers that can win you a week on their own are very hard to find so i 'd keep kamara .
i think he 'll still be elite when ingram comes back .
dj and cooper have good potential but may end up being busts all year .
i guess if you 're really hurting at wr maybe consider it but generally i say no .
every person that tells me veganism is n't healthy is 100 pounds overweight
danke für die diskussion aber du hast recht wir leben beide in komplett anderen welten .
i read a lot that 55 is a personal and protective power that 's why you do it 55 .
not to be an a-hole but i would n't half ass it .
i agree but there 's a chance the term jury management '' will be met with a lot of anger and frustration in the coming days .
big brother 20 is potentially headed towards a kaoh rong ending and this is already a big issue over there .
i think jury management is difficult and far from an exact science but in my eyes that 's what makes the game interesting .
the fact that every jury is different and will value different things keeps the show fresh and gives us a wide range of winners .
nope it 's far too late for that to happen unfortunately .
you can limit what they have on you but because they likely have your name sex email phone number etc on you then it 's pretty much too far gone .
they 've invested serious money and tech into finding out everything about you whether you want them or not .
they also do n't give two shits about any government in the world since they are just as large as any of the big ones .
you can switch browsers to more private ones like brave https brave.com and switch from google to duckduckgo https duckduckgo.com for searches .
stuff like your emails are pretty difficult to switch though there are n't any out there that provide the same level of service google/microsoft provide and decent privacy .
saying all that though it 's sort of best to just accept it 's happening and there is nothing that we can do about it .
it would take the un to stop google in it 's tracks or the eu to make a monster choice of kicking them out but google is far too big for that .
and google has the us backing on pretty much everything on a federal level .
traded him for jarvis landry last week before the thursday night game in 0.5ppr .
but with all the problems i 've read about other titan benches i would 've thought 299 349 would be a better pricepoint for them to try again .
there is a market where you buy stuff as well as a restaurant .
i have n't been to the restaurant but i 've heard it is delicious .
it is a bit on the high end side though .
it 's to have people think there 's extra pocket space to lure people in when in reality they could n't put a couple extra pennies into actually making a decent pencil case .
i do n't blame him from the viewpoint of just wanting to be free of what i can only imagine was a horrible soul crushing marriage .
i do blame him for the way he killed her .
there are other ways a lot less painful and cruel to get rid of someone .
fine timepiece sir/madam and i can see that it is being worn in good health .
look into getting a bond nato if you really want to turn heads .
i disagree when i first started playing the game i could not even do yellow eldar with a warchief totem champion .
last weekend i did red eldar and every guardian with a pathfinder .
he has all this historical context around this company .
how much do i pay for the dog to not touch my shit with its saliva .
dan from screen junkies actually suggested loki and the grandmaster during the time when loki was stuck in sakaar for like two weeks ?
go out of ultimate team come back u will b able to
some people have problems with the definitive edition release that codex published .
it 's not entirely clear to me that it is a problem with the crack as the version they cracked 1.20 was updated later 1.21 to address issues with loading .
it is also extremely random where the dqxi bug was reproducible on any pc if you made enough progress .
both putts it 's quiet until the ball is near the hole .
8th hole ... nothing and announcer starts talking ... 12th hole ... nothing .
i 've turned my sound up and i do n't hear anything .
unless there 's a big enough democratic mandate or the result of the referendum was skewed by a campaign of misinformation and out right lies .
45 did say that clinton would be a boring president .
but i did n't expect this level of infinite shitstorm tbh .
i like maroon 5 but this song is hella weak .
and this is why no one is getting anywhere if you want substance in my arguments using logic look through my posts .
im honestly tired of arguing this because it 's like talking to a brick wall or a child .
and most peoples complaint lies almost entirely on the 1 shot kills in the chest .
even suggesting lps and 7n1 get switched gets lost in the shitshow of mosin is too expensive .
i think the mosin 's a great gun it has a place in this game .
it shouldnt one shot full geared players unless its a hs .
this has been a common issue among fps games for a long time .
you have to give people a chance to react if you 're gon na have a gun with that much power it has to be balanced based on in game value using realism as an argument does not work .
you can currently one shot gen 4 and armored rigs in the chest you can also do the same with fort if you get the rng .
my problem lies exclusively with this and i 've already suggested a number of solutions namely with ammo changes .
if you wan na continue saying i do n't use logic though then this conversation is over and godspeed to you and all the reddit kids .
yeah that 's true i 'm just kinda weirded out as to how he found her not so much that he 's talking to her it just seems weird for him to dig through like that
lol i bought the same one and returned it the next day because you ca n't take it apart to clean .
i think once every week is good for reposting the same items but maybe for new listings once every three/four days would be good ?
but i actually know that i ca n't avoid fat and carbs too much and expect productive exercise .
got ta take in some calories to burn them !
that was back when the internet was only a couple irony layers deep .
a simpler time sure but f7u12 and advice animals were about as deep as memeing went .
dude are you serious this entire thread is about how people can be turned from extremism just from talking to them ... ..
twilight struggle has been on my list for years but finding 4 hours to spend with someone who would be up for such a complex game is not easy .
the majority of your video was commentary by a third party .
in the nra portions there was no support of violent action for political means .
because it 's not racist if the left does it ... or the dudes a troll which is much more likely
100 thought that i was about to watch a video of shaquille o'neal shaking hands with someone either in an arsenal jersey or is in some way affiliated with the club .
the company i work for right now said they were interviewing someone who failed my company 's programming challenge 9 months ago .
my boss was excited because it 's like he 's getting trained for us !
it 's very possible that if it 's a technical interview they will be happy to have you try again .
only a few weeks til it 's legal here 😭 but the online grey market is too good rn
if you 're reading a magazine geared towards your country it would be absurdly stupid to write in x country '' because it 's already expected .
that 's just poor writing form and would make the 90 of the readership that matters be like uh..
eh i hate it judge myself quite a bit .
just curious if any of these make gamma rays that go thru plexiglass .
his dad also wrestled regal in the middle of a fucking awards show .
make your own and bring it to work or get a damn coffee pot .
my coworkers blow at least 40 bucks a week on sbux and it drives me insane .
me and one guy went in on a coffeemaker and have never looked back .
there 's a really interesting video essay on youtube where the change in management in r is discussed and it 's effects on the online game .
there 's clear signs of underperformance and lack of ambition as a majority of the community just consumed anything they out .
personally i felt this with the nightlife update being constantly delayed and r allowing retarded leakers to mess with the community for entire months .
it felt like the biggest tease for the worst happy ending ever .
i honestly have n't even completely filled up my nightclub as i do n't even care to play anymore .
the memes became too obvious for me drive here pick this up drive back .
imagine how much better the game could 've been if people showed a little restraint and did n't just whore out anything r put out .
r would 've had to actually try to get our interest again .
micro is known for being insanely fragile for a wide spread connector .
personally i have n't had any issues with it but i 've known people who have .
are we complaining about someone using reddit as intended ?
do we know if the posts where oc at least ?
yeah is best to prepare for the worst especially if you 're planning to cycle !
yeah i get they need ads to pay the bills but there 's a reason why a good portion of the kissmanga readers decided to use ad-block/ublock .
the ads are so intrusive and i 'm pretty sure a good portion of them harbor viruses as well .
that 's why i used both on kiss manga it got so bad to a point where the ads slowed down my browser and stuff .
it also looks a lot like a human paladin who murdered and consumed the souls of entire empires including his own .
i had something happen in a very similar situation divided highway with intersection dashed lines. but it happened in the rain .
it also yanked harder than i 've ever felt autopilot pull .
autopilot is not perfect we should be attentive but this was very unnerving in the rain and there were cars next to me !
i 'll never understand why vince thinks a weekly finn crotch shot is dope lol
my parents have a barn full of building materials and broken down tractors and bulldozers ... definitely starting there .
i 'd have to wear gloves while i 'm driving over there ... nope the gloves wo n't bend .
if i touch my clothes they 'll have to cut off ... ok ... girlfriend drives me while i very carefully touch nothing until we get to the property .
spend two hours touching stuff then lay down on something and try not to move for twenty-two hours .
man and i would n't be able to eat anything all day .
they 100 are not still working on the song when the release date is 3 days away .
the part that looks like a firing mechanism is connected to the rod .
the rod slides into the barrel from the back end where the plug is unscrewed .
i should post another view but there is a small tube welded at the back which the firing ?
mechanism slides into and then the plug is screwed in .
i know i 'm not describing this very well however when it is assembled the barrel is completely filled by the rod .
i do not believe this was ever intended to be a gun .
and i 'm glad it has an uplifting vibe .
i ca n't tell if this is a liberal sub or a satirical liberal sub .
gee i hope it 's the latter and you 're not commending that mentally ill woman
yeah people were talking about them when the tgs trailer came out but it does n't make them any less awesome .
like this photo do n't like how much space there is above her head
i need only 8 from evans so i 'm guessing things will work out for you
i 'm missing the point because you do n't have a point .
arbitrarily saying out with the old in with the in is n't a point .
dems actually try to progress and have a much larger percent of younger members than the gop who only tries to maintain or regress and consists of one voter block .
gop just shifts their opinion to what the dem opinion was 5-10 years ago .
it 's not weird and if he balks at using them you should decline losing your virginity to this person .
her post amounted to saying that she did n't need to respond to bad intentioned calls for attention .
re4 already did this with ashley graham the best character in the franchise
hi i 'm r/new i just cross posted here .
he should show off what a slut you are !
i think i would keep my penis that 's what i 'm on the fence about .
i just feel like i was supposed to be a woman .
i mean the guys were n't wrong but taking the time to type it out repeatedly on xbox so with a controller is just douchey .
i think the highest score on the other team was like 120 ?
and the 2nd and 3rd place players only had 7 damage done each .
pretty sure the exotic states that the number of knives that hit enemies accounts for some portion of the super you get so if you hit the ground with all your knives but the explosions kill all the enemies you 'll get little to no super back
i literally ca n't go to sleep because i keep giggling over the events of the night it was just so wholesome and pure ? ? ?
my crops are water my skin is clear world peace has been achieved .
i miss all the yellow text telling me what stats i 'd earned .
i too enjoyed when this was actually an rpg while leveling .
that 's the only reason i initially felt for boyd
yeah same thing with me it will regularly pull contacts from the sms app and i send an sms that is n't paying for parking or public transport maybe once or twice a year and not at all to the contacts it will suggest .
so i just toggled direct share off at some point .
though i had planned on it by their second or third watering .
i was even worried that maybe he had too little nutrients .
new leaves keep falling off each day so i 'm pretty sure i can chalk this one up to rot unfortunately .
perhaps it 's not about denying the theory but rather since there exists no proof for either scenario status quo must be maintained that is there is no other life in our universe than on earth .
yes jon does n't got killed dagon he tries to hold
so that others can escape and nk killed the dragon
dany tries to save jon but jon sacrifices himself so others can escape on dragon and finally saved by benjin
sorry for the late reply i 'm trying to figure it out .
but it seems like it 's not even get called .
3 or especially 4 verses is excessive but if it was needed any even slightly competent rapper or producer or engineer should be able to copy over one of the existing verses and extend the beat
sshds are pretty shit value and not even that great .
i ca n't think of one good reason to buy a sshd vs a small ssd for os a few favorite games and a hdd for cold storage.. like ever .
and there i was worrying that the mod would remove the post for not directly relating to us politics .
the basic links in there have some early vids and knowledge to maybe get you up to speed .
you can play anything you want high elf is a race not a class .
the race determines what you will look like and gives a few race specific bonuses that 's it .
the classes are what determine what skill set you will rely on for combat .
you can not change your class after choosing but you can change your race later if you want .
and if you have the any-race-any-alliance upgrade from the crown store you can mix any race with any class .
the only time you will be asked to be a certain class is if you decide to join a group that desires that class exactly .
for all but the hardest group content you can join many groups that will accept you as long as you are good at whatever class you have chosen .
yes and let 's see what happens if you put two hammers together.. oh shit it becomes a scythe
could try some of the just one of the girls type stuff .
i work with mostly females and they tend to forget a dude is around and/or dgaf about it .
they talk about their periods and shitting and farting and all .
then there 's the whole realm of hazing another girl in the locker room .
could just go for making him suck your strap up and all .
ooh or find some androgynous/feminine jewelry and make him wear it .
maybe a necklace that hangs under the shirt of something .
although i 'm just getting started with all of this i did hear a kurzweil in music store a about 30 years ago .
recently i 've learned how powerful v.a.s.t is and i 've been considering a kurzweil but mostly wishing for a vst with comparable power .
falcon appears to be a great candidate for what i 've been looking for .
i said i believe i 'll leap on it the next time it goes on sale '' but actually i 'm pretty sure i 'll get it .
i just hope we can use something that is painless maybe like lethal dose of morphine .
as humans we dominate the world and kill for food for development or anything that might be a threat .
i noticed better snaps on my lg v30 today on the alpha .
it 's not what my normal camera looks like but it 's much better .
he can be a monster and appear stately '' in a different arena e.g the girls basketball team .
let 's not jump to conclusions such as that without any real connection .
doing so risks losing credibility in putting together an argument against real defined allegations .
people who are proud to be factually wrong are literally the worst type of people .
ohh thankyou even better than i could have imagined o
all calls are 1.99/min with a 2.50 connection fee .
in the u.s.a and canada call 888 938-7382 international callers please call 714 442-2402 https www.phoneamommy.com/mommycrissy https www.phoneamommy.com/mommycrissy
when you run out of plugins you end up sitting on it for a week or two until you have enough fodder and plugins to try again .
that 's usually when you get the resistance to the weak element you want to cover .
some say the odds are the same but it sure doesnt feel like it when you 're in the middle of it .
try raising some other mon in the interim eases the mind that you 're not completely stuck .
please do n't leave that class bottle out there .
was called weird for recommending mtv1987 when it came out
are you able to say which one s you are trialing ?
we dont want others to feel it ... .though arrow '' aint making life to shiny for itself right now
green has always been my favorite color for watches .
general consensus is that hitler was quite sane and rational before and during the war .
his fits of madness began in the final moments of the war most likely due to desperation .
he was consumed by ideology and zeal but it does n't take mental illness for that .
it does not take a madman to make mistakes or to commit evil either .
most mentally ill people tend to hurt themselves as much as others .
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f for information on how to find the resolution .
you rehosted the image from an original source or approved host
please read the our rules in the sidebar and faq r/earthporn/wiki
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
its interesting and all but the choice of a small wobbly tapering container is really stressing me out .
wow this is really awesome i thought they were talking about a variant of the ad-4 because it had the 4x20 mm cannons this is really neat thank you for sharing !
you 've gone back even before the timewalker update 's been publically been announced to be implemented ?
that 's pretty neat but i plan to 100 on a single character before i reset
me and my friend are going to try to be at the gma studios around 6-630 .
i think everyone is gon na trickle in then head over to bt21 store .
yawn i 'll be back when your indians are a first round exit
the sheer fucking audacity to ask for an answer amirite ?
posting an image of your settings in the inspector of your nav mesh agent would be useful to see .
if slash has the highest chance to proc with 100 status would slash be the only proc and not any of the others ?
disappears comes back but every few minutes you get that oh god .
and every time they think f it it wo n't happen sneeze everywhere and all over anyone near by .
writing contradictory things on panel makes them canon but also makes them lack internal consistency .
can banner make hulk sit and watch tv quietly if he has that much control ?
they did n't play the last series with matumbaman not sure why
one that hit me the hardest was paul walker .
grew up watching f f with my dad it was the only thing we really bonded over .
kids who are vaccinated have a slightly lower rate of asd than those who are n't .
i meant that if a man cold approaches a woman ie randomly walks up to a stranger woman and begins talking to her he is most likely interested .
given that it will put more pressure on the woman because she will sense this .
not all women are flirts and there 's a decent chance she might not see you that way intitually which is also part of the reason why the following might be better .
what i was getting at is if you try to get to know her a bit in say a friend group setting ie cold approach with a mixed sex group then you can at least interact more organically and with much less pressure .
after talking with her in this lower stakes manner for a bit you should move to the next level of asking-out-on-a-date if you 're still interested .
the idea being that now that she feels more comfortable with you the ask out and everything would be smoother .
and also if she does n't find you attractive initially but then you can organically build up an image of being witty/smart/whatever your chances will be better .
haha just a bojack horseman reference but thanks for the info
if you have the wolverine kit they do n't really have a weakness .
the wedge is a bit steep on the sides making it possible to get bite with some horizontals but i still would n't want to fight one with a horizontal .
a good driver with a d2 is pretty scary .
it was a toys r us exclusive color for the game boy pocket and a n64 controller .
right now both of them have too much of an ego to be an andy '' on eachother 's streams .
i think u/wundy needs to offer to teach photoshop to the tribe twitter .
there are hundreds of studies on the difficulties facing young job seekers today compared to the previous several decades .
post secondary graduates are using food banks at a higher rate than ever .
but yes the giant group of millennials the millions of us are all stupid .
also minimum wage here is 14/hr and no it 's not enough to afford housing where i live and food clothing and transportation .
you seem like a really fun person to be around and really smart .
i got it fairly easily but that was six years ago now .
but the pictures on the post just show her extracting data from her own phone lol .
i know they 'd hate to outlive their firstborn .
it 's not that wizards did n't have any the store itself did n't have any remaining .
wizards never replied to the email which is why i still do n't have an adventure grid .
those yale students will become yale alumni i 'm sure they will remember this when yale asks them for donations .
an existence as any type of colonist is extremely bleak and mars would be no different .
nobody makes predictable decisions under extreme stress caused by constant threats to their existence .
school never closes for the thinkers of this world .
but to understand them you first need to hear them .
first thing they do when you check in will be to ask for photo id that matches the name on the booking .
it not being transferable is in the terms you agree to during the purchase .
tickets purchased from cid entertainment are non-transferable and non-refundable and should not be purchased through third-party sellers .
purchasers found reselling cid packages will have their orders cancelled in accordance to our purchase policy .
to redeem all elements of your enhanced experience order you must present your receipt picture id and credit card at the enhanced experience check-in .
all package elements will be rendered invalid if resold .
name changes will only be issued at the sole discretion of cid entertainment .
also i already promised my mans that we would go see it together
it 's an aussie website they 're angry about mcgree being robbed
echelon international iiie is a collection of like-minded individuals who are looking for a streamlined tightly knit community of experienced players hosts and veterans who participate in authentic and immersive operations in a variety of settings .
flexibility echelon has no formal sign-up process no commitments and offers instruction on request .
certification in specialty roles is available and run by professionals in the field .
we plan and conduct in at least a few operations a day taking place throughout the day during eu and na time zones .
professionalism operations are cooperative zeus curated events built by military veterans and run by dedicated community members .
roleplay is encouraged tactics are refined and immersion is achieved .
immersion mods we use on the server are focused on expanding the default feature set and enhancing immersion .
our entire mod collection is found on the arma 3 steam workshop .
persistence when not hosting operations the community server runs a persistent dedicated monthly dynamic campaign which many community members enjoy during the off hours .
respect we are looking to play with respectful patient members who we can trust and have a laugh with .
community we do n't want strangers we ask members to be social and contribute in their own way .
maturity players must be easy going know when to be serious and be willing to learn and improve alongside their fellow operators .
communication members must have a functioning microphone and use it during all operations .
join the discord server https discord.gg/c7vys3v for more information .
join us on our bohemia interactive unit page https units.arma3.com/unit/echeloninternational to use our identifier during operations .
i 'm 19 this is the first election i 'm eligible to vote for .
neither of the candidates for governor are supporting or objecting to any policies that are going to have a measurable affect on me so i 'm not really worried about who gets into office there .
the representative for my district is up for election but he is in 0 danger of losing not that a house representative is going to have a major impact on my life anyways .
my state house representative is running unopposed and i have 0 clue what the attorney general has done to impact the state in any way and from brief look the incumbent does n't seem in any danger of losing .
100 he just put the cup back on the ground .
just going to leave my boi w w out or what ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you may not have a story in your title .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for askreddit .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
ok so the ease with which you can climb is kinda defined by the ratio between front chainring and cassette .
let 's call it x where x t r t f where t f is the amount of teeth in the front t r in the rear .
right now you 're with a 32t in the front and a 42t in the back so the maximum climb ratio '' is 42/32 1.3125
it means that for every 1.3125 spins of your cranks the backwheel spins once .
now if you get a 30t front chainring the ration will become 42/30 that is exactly 1.4 .
instead if you get a wider range cassette e.g .
a shimano 11-46 11speed your ratio will become 46/32 1.4375 much bigger than the one that you get by swapping the chainring with a smaller one .
you could even grab a sunrace mz90 11-50 so that your ratio would become 50/32 1.5625 immensely higher than the other choices but you 'd lose fluidity '' when switching gears up and down because of the gap '' between each single gear .
they can be less healthy but that 's the same for everyone .
if you do n't eat right you wo n't be healthy
lol i have never heard a song from danse manatee
even though this is a nickname for ganondorf i always have to fight the urge to call greninja this .
oh yeah that 's a good one and thanks for sharing .
i feel like i am aiming for your goal as well .
i know i 'll never be a full minimalist because it 's just not me but i would love to have joy in my home and space .
i grew up poor as well and believe i hoard as a coping mechanism i ca n't believe i did this to my home tho .
i guess i have to dig a little deeper on why and let go some of that so i can do it here at home too ...
because i shared my opinion on something that you do n't like ?
wait you mean to tell me that seeing a constant feed of people who are better looking than you have more money than you have hotter boyfriends/girlfriends than you travel cooler places than you have more friends than you live more exciting and interesting lives than you and are just all around more popular than you can have negative impacts on self esteem ?
i can see an election happening in fact i thought she was calling one last week !
having said that the chance of a hung parliament is pretty frightening in this moment .
not 100 sure a new referendum is practical although i 'd like to see it .
i think most member states would approve extension because of risk of fallout .
not many have a real axe to grind except maybe spain .
it would be powerful for him to know how many people out there care for him and his well-being
i 'm familiar with the voice actor issue and it 's a shame but that not an example of a union working as intended it 's the kind of difficult edge case you get when two businesses with very different revenue models intersect .
the voice actors are just as annoyed as we are because from their pov games are the worst roi because the hours are long the work is risky and there are no residuals .
what the vo actor rules do handle quite well are commercials which is what they were designed for .
the residuals for vo actors roughly scale with the cost of the ad buy .
there 's a floor '' at which point the actors can literally get checks for dollars and cents but that 's why the session fee is there .
if that 's still too expensive the option is available to go non-union .
i 'm not saying we should attempt to copy paste another industry 's rules into ours but it 's definitely possible to make rules that scale between budgets in the hundreds to budgets in the millions .
it 's been done many many times before in other creative industries with many moving parts and people wearing lots of hats .
but you 're right ... at some point it will be a nightmare for somebody .
right now though a lot of people are already feeling like things are bad enough to consider what kind of nightmare might be a step up .
lol i think you mean austin powers looked like young richard branson .
i very much doubt branson modeled his look after the international man of mystery but i would n't be surprised to find out the opposite .
i spend 27 years in siberia under clouds to visit england during clouds so i can enjoy the splendid 247 steps of the cathedral .
try telling kids to not do something and watch them do it .
the hard way is the best way to learn something .
looks like you dug a hole into a random stick and super-glued a crystal to the end of it .
yeah tomb raider had a woman and conker had a squirrel and banjo had a bear .
my point was and you know i 'm not wrong the majority of games for a good while had muscular white male protagonists .
and it 's not pleasing the perpetually offended '' it 's expanding their market to encapsulate a wider audience .
it seems you 're the dense one who refuses to understand that companies do what 's best for their bottom line .
they do n't add women and minorities to games because people were offended so we got ta fix it '' they add people to their games to get more sales .
the problem for them is that the crybabies out in the world get offended by inclusivity and try to tank their sales because of it .
they ca n't say grow the fuck up and accept that you 're a grown man crying on the internet about video games '' so they do the next best thing .
tell you to bugger off if you ca n't get past it .
frost and twitch are some of my most played ops .
i enjoyed them so much i got an elite for twitch but i was thrilled when i found out frost was gon na have one .
i 'm pretty sure you all shared a date at some point and collectively believe it .
family members have been opening crappy versions banking on the company name .
the one off preston is the original and it 's still pretty decent .
i tend to get stuck in a sort of hyperfocus when i write to the point where i reword the same sentence for like an hour or fiddle with formatting for half the time i 'm working even though it 's going to get messed up when i continue writing at which point i 'll spend another 25 minutes fixing it ... ...
ha what a loser just be born finding them hot and you save like 2 years and you get to perfect your preying on body insecurities with backhanded compliments hunting technique
do you tingle when you see finn pose on the apron perhaps ?
i like this silent princess cross stitch https www.etsy.com/listing/505011775/cross-stitch-pattern-silent-princess as something understated .
the flower is a symbol for princess zelda relevant scene from breath of the wild https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t6-_tps68kw .
it 's so weird there are highschool friends on my fb like i 'm sooo going to make sure my son knows that it 's wrong to sexually assault women at parties ! '' .
i 'm like hmmm my mom never told me that and some how i just knew .
like ... if you specifically have to tell your son that there might be other problems with your parenting style .
yes what do you think is the mechanism of evolution ?
mutation does not explain the creation of complex life from molecules .
since the experiment would be simple in a lab why ca n't we reproduce it ?
deep geologic time is not an empirical definition of anything except that it say so much time has passed that anything could have happened but we still are n't 100 sure '' .
give me 214,544,522 years and i could probably discover how to empirically prove to you whatever i wanted but time is not a luxury we have to use .
it is a gamble and a scientific leap of faith to assume what happened period .
you ca n't test it you do n't know anything for sure except for what you guess may be evidence and you ca n't reproduce or test the thing you assume to be fact .
u/fudgerubdown your submission has been removed from r/gatekeeping for the following reason
refrain from re-posting posts from the top 25 or from the last 3 months may be removed frequent offenders will be banned .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgatekeeping .
echelon international iiie is a collection of like-minded individuals who are looking for a streamlined tightly knit community of experienced players hosts and veterans who participate in authentic and immersive operations in a variety of settings .
flexibility echelon has no formal sign-up process no commitments and offers instruction on request .
certification in specialty roles is available and run by professionals in the field .
we plan and conduct in at least a few operations a day taking place throughout the day during eu and na time zones .
professionalism operations are cooperative zeus curated events built by military veterans and run by dedicated community members .
roleplay is encouraged tactics are refined and immersion is achieved .
immersion mods we use on the server are focused on expanding the default feature set and enhancing immersion .
our entire mod collection is found on the arma 3 steam workshop .
persistence when not hosting operations the community server runs a persistent dedicated monthly dynamic campaign which many community members enjoy during the off hours .
respect we are looking to play with respectful patient members who we can trust and have a laugh with .
community we do n't want strangers we ask members to be social and contribute in their own way .
maturity players must be easy going know when to be serious and be willing to learn and improve alongside their fellow operators .
communication members must have a functioning microphone and use it during all operations .
join the discord server https discord.gg/c7vys3v for more information .
join us on our bohemia interactive unit page https units.arma3.com/unit/echeloninternational to use our identifier during operations .
people need to be introduced and broken of the wwe conditioning that wrestling ca n't be good with big names/tons of goofy skits and a bunch pretty led lights .
people claim to be wrestling fans but never follow half of them once the family casts them off .
there is a ton of great wrestlers/wrestling out there if the casuals would just be able to find any beyond the e and their little indy fed down in florida .
ben has also had a steady stream of hall of fame wr1 and rb1 and 2-3 other pro bowl level receiving options .
the best receiver eli ever had was ben 's second to third best receiver from the year before and he literally shot himself in the leg before he could make a real impact on eli 's career .
steelers ol has always been better too and eli still has the iron man streak .
i personally would n't buy a mustang that had been a rental at some point let alone being a two owner car already .
you also did n't mention the current milage which will make a huge difference in its worth .
does this mean i turn everything on and use a clamp meter to measure the draw ?
i 'm gon na get a lot of mileage out of this one
he 's a super nice guy and quite brilliant in fact he invented calculus 4.0 .
so they asked if the neighbor could go to the doc and be a sperm donor .
he 's the friendly uncle-father to the kid but he travels often for conferences so he 's not around much .
kid loves mom and dad and it looks like the tyke is turning out be quite a thinker .
some say he 's going to invent physics 5.1 by the time he 's in high school !
if the o would have been able to do anything we would have been in that game ...
so there 's absolutely 0 chance of them at worlds ?
i normally just watch groups onwards so i have no idea about how this stuff works..
i guess that i 'll have to try that more often .
reddit liberals as in the wishy washy fucks that flip flop on consumer protection depending on whether or not they like the company in question
i remember seeing this whole thing on yt way back .
i 'm so sad he took it down for whatever reason it was so beautiful .
not to mention the glass table has 1996 all over it..
i 'm not brave enough to play facebook after that kind of run up especially when they 're overhauling the platform to fix privacy issues '' ...
i 'm just telling you what the statistically best play is to take advantage of high iv .
does n't mean it 's free money '' every time .
this is part of the wish ender quest line .
killing them with the tokens from the hidden tangled shore mission gives you coins you need to make worthier this is one of them .
also another issue on xbox is that when you open the xbox menu your frame drop to like 30 and if you 're in operator pick phase then it wo n't load you in until you fully go back to the game .
implosion in your cranium you mean their heads would explode just say that
in pa the parole board will not release you until you have served your full minimum .
for a sexually violent offender they will probably not even see you until you are well past your minimum .
i was thinking about using roll20 but not anymore fuck that
name a civilian job where you can be diagnosed with the same sleep apnea you 've had since middle school and get paid 50 of your pay tax free for the rest of your life ?
i was a 6ft tall skinny girl in high school .
went to a party chubby girl eyeing me and i can just see she 's about to insult me .
i 'm fucking built this way so do n't say a fucking thing .
omg i was unaware of that before i visited denver i must have almost tripped 3 times just walking on the side walks due to uneven rocks or just huge pieces missing .
the only thing we really have to fear are other humans and getting to a point where humans have enough to not be a threat is a big achievement in itself .
i could be wrong but ... i believe you are missing the entire point of my original post
i prefer some michael bolton ballads for my monthly lost everything/suicide thing
i think they just could n't spend that much time on every person who dissapeared so they made it easier .
i do n't think there is any other explanation and i guess it can be called a plothole but i do n't know how else it could have been done .
and i loved scenes with people slowly forgetting stiles and then slowly remembering him so i 'm glad we got theses scenes
slime king tower is a straight up clone of boi .
i 'm in the same boat i 'm going on holiday about 4 hours before i can claim the gold ... and get home a few hours after the last time i can get it .
considering how much i suck at making gold that really sucks .
mormon women for ethical government mweg is a nonpartisan group of over 6,000 women dedicated to the ideals of decency honor accountability transparency and justice in governing .
mweg is not formally affiliated with the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints .
we do however fully sustain the leaders and doctrines of the church.
wtf does that even mean to fully sustain the leaders of a church that you are n't fully affiliated with ?
for me it usually ends up being weird hypothetical geometry videos i actually watched a few once on purpose so it remembers but usually it 's weird shit like that dancing kid against the green screen from public access that turned into a meme or weird conspiracy junk .
if she wants to have what brett did investigated by authorities why not file a police report with evidence a crime occured ?
omg why the fuck did i read this post .
if i ace all of my 9 aps and other classes then yeah but that 'll be tough .
it 's the love hate relationship we 've always had but now it 's way more bipolar
for the fulltime workers attending grad school ... .set a regular schedule for staying up on homework and lectures .
i would try and get some of the lectures out of the way at work if i had time .
otherwise when i got home mon-thur nights were homework .
be diligent and you 'll get it all done without having to wait until the last minute cramming stuff in .
the 4chan post claims that avennati begged her to do a one on one interview with poppy harlow .
pretty sure that is the name pewdiepie uses for his alter-ego news presenter segments on youtube .
would you believe me if i told you becky had the largest pop followed by carmella ? ! ?
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 7 https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules wiki_too_low_quality this image is too low quality one or more of
poor photography badly lit https i.imgur.com/rcqmxvg.jpg motion blur reflections in glass https i.redd.it/allhqxp9yvu01.jpg background that is out of focus https i.imgur.com/fjh052z.png distractingly busy background https i.imgur.com/llobm8k.jpg
screenshot of a gif/youtube video distinct blurriness typically uncropped example https i.imgur.com/7alay60.jpg
a poorly done or low effort/low quality photoshop example https i.redd.it/vvmui3ogxhu01.jpg
photo of a photo instead of the original example https i.imgur.com/iefnbee.jpg
if you have any questions about this removal please read the rules faq https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules because it will have the answer .
if cruz were closeted and had a thing for beto ... . that would be beautiful
patently false is a pretty big jump from the truth but if you 're relatively close to an ecmo center and youre a candidate for ecmo then yeah it 's worth considering .
i do n't have ed ecmo within a few hundred miles .
my eds here will do exactly what i do except with more frequent rhythm checks and compression pauses .
for me and my service i 'll stay and play generally .
sooo ... .i 'm not the only one who went into this wondering why the hell the type of floor in your house mattered for at-risk kids am i ?
i was really curious as to what the differences between a 50 grade floor 75 grade floor and 100 grade floor were .
like what type of material makes floor 50 grade linoleum ?
you 'd want 6000 or 7000 with updated b/mobo bios series intel
we want r/fortnitebr to contain a healthy mix of content that all people can enjoy .
we believe that variety in a subreddit 's posts is the most important aspect and will help curate the subreddit 's content as such if it falls into our guidelines .
posts must be in english about fortnite or the fortnite community .
images and videos of the game taken with a phone will be removed .
bug posts are exempt but highest quality image/video will take priority .
you may post match results videos—we want to see the endgame of your win !
please use the search https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all before posting about something .
duplicate posts or similar posts around the same topic will be removed with the first submitted allowed .
feel free to view our epic plz wiki here .
it will be updated to reflect removals for whenever the community begins to overwhelmingly post about the same topic https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/epicplz
for more information you can refer to our rules page here .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules you can inquire about this removal by contacting us via modmail .
if you do not include a link to your post you will not receive a response .
reposting content in an attempt to bypass a filter or moderator action is strictly prohibited and can result in a ban from the subreddit .
i 'm sorry but i 'm you think leaf d has lack of depth you not play much attention to the leafs .
the main reason many people claim leafs lack d depth is because they still very young .
guys like lilgren and sandin were picked both in the first round the past two years .
mo is great gardneir is gardiner 50 point player the russians .
dermott is primed to have a breakout season and theres like 3 other guys who could in the next year take a spot .
ozhiganov will be a name to look out for guy won the khl slapshot competition with a 160km/hr shot hes a polak 2.0
there is something ... there is something inherently defective in you and you and you and me and all of us .
we look like everyone else but what makes us different is our defect .
see most gamblers when they go to gamble they go to win .
when we go to gamble we go to lose .
me i never feel better than when they 're raking the chips away not bringing them in .
and everyone here knows what i 'm talking about .
hell even when we win it 's just a matter of time before we give it all back .
when we lose and i 'm talking about the kind of loss that makes your asshole pucker to the size of a decimal point you know what i mean you 've just recreated the worst possible nightmare this side of malignant cancer for the twentieth goddamn time and you 're standing there and you suddenly realise hey i 'm still ... here .
us lemons we fuck shit up all the time on purpose .
because we constantly need to remind ourselves we 're alive .
it 's this fucked up need to feel something .
this is kinda the road my brother went down he never got out of it and ended up in jail because of drugs and all that .
just got ta keep giving yourself reasons to keep going use other people as examples of what to do and what not to do it 's worked for me so far and i 'm only a lotta bit crazy .
we take the things that are important to us and generally do the best we can with it .
however if you find something you opposed to do your best to look at it from their side and see why the oppose you .
then unless you feel very compelled to help and committed to her for a long hard haul i would say you should break up with her .
of course be kind about it but do n't stay because you feel obligated .
ultimately that will ruin her self-esteem more than having to find her feet on her own .
hahahahaha when i was a tech was i glad to leave the pharmacy to get the pharmacists ' lunch .
meant i got paid to drive around for food instead of actual work .
it 's an upstate ny thing i wish i could ship them out to people haha .
test again in a couple days and keep us updated !
the bridge does n't take long but i 've always had bulbs take a long time .
yeah but it was so that if any other player existed and decided to use the same spell to frame up ainz and make other 's believe ainz made another massacre ainz could say he can use the spell once every 10 years .
oh shit i thought he was a fa next year .
i still ask you friends i 'm no american who is mac
been doing some min-edge hangs lately and it is surprising to me how quickly it goes from easy to impossible .
i can hang on the 15mm yeah i 've got a long way to go easily hardly kicking in any try hard but on the 10mm i can barely get my feet off the ground for 2 seconds .
to expand on this the command you will need to use is ! time if someone is using the charlemange bot in discord .
you can still make them with a quick recipe online .
probably wo n't taste 100 the same but 90 is still good yeah ?
it 's linked to the account so he could have online on both switches .
he 'd set up his own as 'primary ' and his account on yours as 'secondary ' .
as long as it 's synced on his switch after he finishes playing there and then on yours before he starts playing on it it will work exactly like that .
might be a good idea to check the last sync time before starting to play on another console just to be sure .
the thing is if they do ever bring it back you 'll be the first in line to give them a congratulatory fellatio
i have 77 on future demoness on mobile but i 'm having horrible luck with it but if i were to give it my very best shot and my luck was normal i would say sakupen hell is currently my limit
this is one of my biggest pet peeves about this game .
i ca n't even say afk balmond noob swap .
there are a lot of articles using outdated information saying that you should charge from 20-80 .
if you charge until 100 you are not degrading your battery faster .
just frustrated newcastle never do good in the cups .
i know that 's off topic for this sub where it 's all about the perm and cup runs are n't wanted but i wish we had a cup run again one season
devs/publishers would get exposure through gaming conventions/expos before the game is even playable .
however only reasonably big companies would be able to have a booth in these conventions .
indie developers would have a hard time to let the public know their games before they have final product .
and then steam became a thing and made it super easy for indie devs to get their games out .
but for games like pubg that got a huge amount of traction .
game devs can reach out to streamers and offer them free keys when the game is in close alpha stage .
the streamers would play the game and people would watch .
probably even offer some giveaways if they were given extra keys .
that 's about the best publicity you can get these days especially if a popular streamer plays it .
you would have tons of people already waiting to buy when it 's released for purchase .
at the time when i needed magic chainers in 10-man i used barb and frozen hurricane .
lexa took the spot and she does the job perfectly .
every single trial that i did between lexa 's banner and dark fina 's 7 featured barb and lexa .
basically the same thing unless you have a reason to nitpick .
trajectory planning deals with getting from point a to point b without anything undesirable happening in between .
motion planning deals with breaking down a desired motion into discrete actions .
if i want to grab my cup i 'll have to reach out open my hand spread my fingers make contact close my fingers around the cup etc .
i suppose you could say that all trajectory planning is motion planning but not all motion planning is trajectory planning if you want to differentiate between navigating a location and simply breaking down a movement .
well i know of one specific comic page where rocket actually threatened thanos with a custom cannon .
it is n't designed to kill it is designed to trap him in a singularity where he would never be allowed to die .
but obviously comic thanos is not the same as mcu thanos comic thanos wants to avoid eternal life at all costs .
the same threat would n't work on the mcu version .
and they disrupted other diners ... that 's what 's even worse .
in the end they accomplished nothing but annoying s bunch of people whose opinions they 'll never change anyways .
it 's great for people who have n't had access to it i guess
who would you drop for cook kittle if not engram ?
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3awilliamsburg 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3awilliamsburg 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
be sure to check the comments in all previous posts for any warning signs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
i dont know maybe because it 's such a pretty name and yes it is life is strange
i know it 's a old post but bruh the greek freak can barely buy alcohol in the states .
edit no one shits on him anymore but he had a dramatic turn like ingram has at least to r/nba .
i think bi will be a top 10 itl dude at some point but the alphabet will be 1 once bron slips or retires
do n't have it but i can give you another image from this series https i.imgur.com/eane9x1.jpg https i.imgur.com/eane9x1.jpg
i keep saying this and it really is getting annoying i really wish we would just run up the score if we are on a hot streak if our offense is just gunning down the field then keep doing it .
i hate when we get a lead then we just completely shut down and hope the defense can hold it the thing is like i would be ok if we were up like 2 touchdowns and we just ran to lower the clock but the issue is when we do it we do n't just run the clock out at the start of the 4th we start doing it at the start of the 3rd which is like mentally insane in my opinion
can i do mongolia-china-hong-kong-macau-china-north korea-china-portugal with a double-entry visa to china ?
that 's why u should have a cheat day.. para masatisfy mo ung mga ganitong cravings ...
and in the long run prang mawawala na din sya kc manghihinayang ka sa effort na ginagawa mo sa pagpapayat ...
yeah i 'm afraid they 'll just spawn like your personal vehicle in gta online never directly in front of you just barely out of view .
the 75 around the burwood hwy springvale rd intersection is always this empty
honestly i ca n't help you where ap is concerned as it has n't been offered where i live .
other than that math hl is a strong option going into a geophysics course .
physics hl might also benefit you with the way that it builds upon understanding and hammering in the basics .
other than that geography hl would be ok if you 're not taking chemistry .
in dutch they are called wasbeer that translates to wash bear
that would be and interesting show and i bet they find a lot of interesting quirky things in the trash .
plus dealing with the stigma from people that know their profession .
not to suggest that high public spending will result in a 100 success rate but if you have free english classes community meetings community events gp 's surgeries that arent overburdened libraries not closing public places for people to congregate and a police force equipped and able to deal with events and not be considered underfunded and unable to combat crime then there is a damn good chance that integration will occur far more successfully .
i only gave 6 solo wins so every win feels this good
tbf the pictures are pretty deece aswell there was no need to add the autism part .
in golf a birdie is when you get the ball into the cup hole in one less try then than the listed amount of tries par .
so wayne is trying to put his balls in the girl 's hole successfully ... metaphorically speaking of course .
lucians autos are super smooth and probably one of the easier champs to farm with
as a russian it is really easy to figure it out .
if you have ж in russian write z_dot if your have a soft '' р write rz .
adding to the already large number of children she has .
i feel like lawtwins missed soooo much ... it was kinda sad honestly ... generally i like them
i 've gmed a couple of short campaigns of victoriana .
i 'd say the system as a whole is fun to use but it 's stuffed with many many elements .
i suggest you take what you need and leave out the rest for example in my campaign there were no fantasy races we thought they did n't fit the setting we had in mind and we did n't use the celestial engine '' mechanics not because we did n't like them but because we either forgot to use them or found they only applied to very specific cases .
it 's very easy to tailor the system to your needs and i 'd say this is one of its biggest strengths .
you also have to get accustomed to the combat system which is quite different from the ones you find in most of the other rpgs you first declare your actions then resolve them in order .
character creation can be long be sure to take it into account
the weapons are described intently and give some more flavour to the setting
we seldom used the magic system so i ca n't say much about it although it seems to me it does have its flaws not many interesting spells some spells are way more useful than others some have huge costs/requirements while others are very easy to cast
the gm section gives some solid advice on how to spice up '' combat encounters .
i 've got to agree with the other guy just eat all the egg whites as they 're just protein little to no cholesterol .
nuts are a good source of fat and protein and peanut butter is too .
and the best fish to eat is salmon or barramundi and maybe limit tuna too 2 ounces a week to be safe .
barramundi tastes best crumbed and salmon taste best cooked by itself .
maybe they each originally formed their signs but when selitos cursed lanre the signs were turned into curses and made permanent ?
this is just a image macro with a quote from the show .
skeleton ships will be hard be are supposedly doable .
pretty sure only tessai and hachi could perform an advanced kido like that .
looking for fits of brands that are the same as easy guy from n f .
the easy guy fit me perfectly and i want to start diving into other brands !
it would disincentivive young players from signing for a chelsea knowing they would just be playing in reserve/youth whereas at the moment they can sign knowing while they wo n't get a sniff at the first team they are still likely to get first team football on loan for a couple of seasons while still getting the benefits money of being at a chelsea .
i do n't think i 've ever found a sure fire winner with a player .
i 've ballsed it up a few times thinking i have then too many appear on the market i 've ended up losing money .
most people have a 60hz panel still i do atleast .
if you dont plan on upgrading resolution or refresh rate your gaming experience wont change from a hardware upgrade .
if you 're satisfied save your money never know when something might break .
i thought these jokes were only to be found six feet under but damn am i happy to see people still going hard with the great comedy
something like this happened ten years ago with me .
i asked myself why do i need to do all this shit .
ashworth was the man who wanted aluko as an iconic england player to take part in the fa 's culture review and promised it was an entirely confidential process .
it was ashworth who told her it was a mere coincidence when within two weeks her 11-year 102-cap england career was in effect ended for what sampson called unlioness behaviour .
i looked it up and there 's a fairly large subset of the population who do it .
enough i think that those who do n't do it should stop judging .
this really takes a lot of wind and meaning away from the cheers of people who are saying i 'm glad my country is finally doing something about loot boxes '' .
they 're saying hey we want to line our pockets with loot box money too . ''
all you need to do is play an invis hero and you 'll win .
not gon na lie i still use windows 10 because it has not shit the bed when the times comes that i power on the system and windows refuses to launch i will install linux without a doubt and make it my daily driver and try gpu passthrough for those games that refuse to work with any emulation/compatibility layer
how big of a cluster of atoms would it need to be for us to see it ?
or how many atoms would it need to be ?
i 'm from the uk but have lived in ireland for many years .
i meet the requirements for citizenship through naturalisation and am considering it .
but since both countries support dual citizenship i could become an irish citizen and get an irish passport but keep my uk citizenship and passport too .
well we know for sure he did not have the luke is anakin/vader 's son idea until the writting of empire
all weapons are overrated compared to the fork of horripilation .
why use a gold level cp 160 weapon when you can stick a fork in a bull netch .
nope you are complaining about someone elses build in a way that is childish so it deserves to be treated as such .
gpu sag is a common thing and that 's why there are reinforced pcie slots these days .
his minor sag with a huge 2.75 slot cooler is not poorly built '' in that it is not affecting you in any way .
if you were to purchase this machine you could then use poorly built '' as a way to talk the price down .
other than that it comes off as an elitist attitude from someone who is affected by this in zero ways .
if it makes you feel better to say ... oh of course it makes you feel better to say this or you would n't be saying it .
repeat after me this is not a computer club and your grade '' will not go on your permanent record .
you clearly do n't know anything about the causes and factors of income inequality in the united states .
i thought i was okay with either tyler or kaycee winning but i just had a dream that kaycee won not that anyone is going to be extremely interested but the votes were bay r sam haleigh fessy and i was so upset over it that i woke up .
i guess i 'm not as okay with it as i thought ... lol oh well .
i also saw angela working at chipotle later that same day and she told me she was going to switzerland .
it 's depression so i do need a throwaway .
i just want to know if i can make it through if i really focus
they could do some sort of hand clap and then pull their hands apart slowly to reveal a sword pretty boring though .
it 's from the old days of lights when it had ÷3mm .
it 's the second best tier 7 light and is way better than a wz131 .
am i mistaken or is 1 of that only 2400
if you love guns and hate the gop i do too why not support the party that fights for your rights instead of one that fights against them ?
the libertarian party has another option on your ballot neal dikeman .
skirt or flank are both tough but are eaten tender when properly sliced .
air pollution can severely affect physical health and even intelligence .
it 's getting worse globally but the resources we 're putting into dealing with it are relatively pitiful .
does n't one usually cool the burned area rather than making it hotter ?
you versus the guy she tells you not to worry about .
for small amounts i just prefer to keep that cold storage cold whenever .
i do think mizrahi and sephardi jews are both seen as lesser based on the accounts .
whether they support the withdrawal or not does n't really state their ideological representation .
for example they can be used into thinking certain things that they do n't actually represent brainwashing .
alas i think zionism is jewish supremacy in a nutshell so another definition for you .
when i included the european part in the definition that 's my own twist to it because the movement was started in europe and basically the immigrants that terrorized the local inhabitants were mostly european jews .
obviously this does n't mean non europeans could be zionists because they can be .
tuesday-sunday at least a few hours a day unless literally anything irl pops up .
this is certainly true for the devastating array of 'research chemicals'/'legal highs'/'bath salts ' since the mid 2000s
i prefer them in general and think the theme is just more fun .
i 'm 5e i think kensei is kinda inferior as a subclass
i agree it 's really been useful to own a bass .
sometimes if i 'm feeling frustrated/writers block on guitar i 'll grab the bass instead which seems to help get my ideas out .
also for under 100 the sx basses on rondo music are n't bad at all .
the electronics on mine were really buzzy/poorly shielded but as far as the comfort/playability/feel i 'd give it a solid b
i did n't even do that quest in my firsts sword and story '' run death march was the firsts time .
did n't die once and we fought until dawn .
it 's boy 's soul '' but because both words end with an s he does n't pronounce the s in soul '' .
boy 's soul boy 's 'oul boy 's hole .
ohh so i was n't watching soap opera 's all these years.. turns out it was actually porn .
both have shitty plots so its hard to tell em apart
a mark is a robot that pretends to be human and sips z u c c juice aka water .
if one rings you tell him to z u c c off
at least the one from the live-action titans does n't have tusks
therefore i started with a 10x10 hex sector and is only showing the 10x5 hexes to the players so i have the other half to expand into .
it 's like samson and delilah he fell asleep and she cut off his ass .
áhh az egyetemi linux plusz képfájlba zárt pöcegödör felállás én is így csapattam virtualboxxal anno .
but perhaps in the actual implementation of the council 's directives not everything that occurred has borne good fruit .
i do n't agree at all they have the same effective range .
both hammers and swords are quite easy to dodge at long range especially if there is some cover near .
running 6 shooter in crucible almost feels cheap nowadays imho
shakespeare and chekov 's works are all free online .
look at what 's winning tony 's and pullitzers .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
priša san na poco nakon 5 godina samsung galaxy s3 koji je taman veličine .
poco mi je ogroman tako da se još privikavan .
ima i one hand mode al mi se ne sviđa .
hey man join us..search for the bat cave '' apply wer are active and do daily raids..
eh ... organisms go for normal profit '' which is the posh way of saying break even '' .
they just take what they need to survive they do n't really take a surplus .
hmm i guess squirrels gather and store nuts the shrewd little savers/capitalist pigs .
oh nvm it 's a website for real money not gold .
i laugh all of the time about him but cable guy is also one of my top 10 favorite movies .
this scam is often referred to as the grandma scam '' .
the scammer tries to get the older person to identify them eg .
then they usually claim that they were arrested and need bail money or something like that .
they can pivot '' their story line depending on whatever other information the victim gives up .
to be fair is this really all that surprising ?
imagine how much money in taxes the rich people in our country pay .
i bet some of them spend more in taxes then their entire resident state uses to buy food and clothing .
yeah taxation is theft and all that but i 'm not really surprised by this .
what does that say about the wikipedia entry for using it as a source then ?
kurdish militias have been bulldozing arab houses in kurdish regions .
now those arabs were moved there by saddam in order to arabise the areas ...
this never bothered me and i just moved along .
i do n't form attachments to people the way most others do .
i loved this on the gamecube not sure i ever finished it though .
well ca n't help with the money part living on pennies myself !
seems like 2015 and 2018 is where it is at .
others just are n't willing to compromise their morals or do n't see going to jail as an improvement on their situation .
eh i do n't think that kind of behaviour would fly with most fathers though .
yep fox is awesome though i find a lot of
my players use it to carry extra stuff through a dungeon because i use variant encumbrance .
sure it was n't great but it was a good set-up to a larger connected starverse '' and it did have some enjoyable moments .
the sequals however ... absolutely terrible though i would n't call the last jedi an entirely new plot .
a lot of it felt like a copy of a new hope .
honestly the real news here is that someone is making enough money off a bad apples to apples clone to dump it back into politics .
like really who 's the target audience of this ?
i think we are going to have to agree to disagree i can whole heartedly see where you are coming from and if you live in a country that has committed human atrocities all around the world i would want to have stringent boarders
globe is heating up drought famine floods heat is going to make parts of the globe uninhabitable why should those who have caused this problem decide who is eligible to enter greener pastures ... ... .i 'm just giving it you from a different perspective .
that 's awesome you say that because i actually did use half a bottle of the tessamae dressing !
it was like partially full so i added those things to it and it ended up tasting like honey mustard dressing .
i had a hard time doing calories since i added stuff to the bottle .
my boyfriend says i do experiments '' in the kitchen all the time when i do stuff like that haha
mano eu estudei a vida inteira no estado e meu primeiro semestre de química na unicamp foi punk com as matérias de ciclo básico .
he explained he 's a struggling creative who hates his job and said the boys inspire him and they deserve to be where they are and asked for tips
it is exceptional as in an exception for pterry though given how dark it is .
it 's still funny of course but it 's also far more serious than most of his other books .
they would double their viewership if they replaced buck with eucker .
heck they would increase viewership if they dropped buck for a screaming banshee .
we already have a doom but i wo n't ruin it for ya
la la la let me spread some of my mental illness in r/libertarian today .
would be great if everyone reported the browser they used to make a report successfully .
up to now browsers have been a huge issue .
still got my old internet explorer installed just to cover the bases .
that 's why we have to initiate a crusade and purge all of this retarded people and cleanse the world from their infidelity .
last 750 skin was 546 days ago and after that there was supposed to be sewn chaos blitzcrank amumu '' which were dropped because of 750 rp quality which they do n't want anymore .
hell even in latest qna 's riot responded that they wo n't make 750 rp anymore since people want higher quality and even themselves do .
i would n't say you would be living the high life or anything but it 's not terrible .
which makes it even more degrading that it took them as long as it did .
q3 is over so the rise will largely impact q4 not as much q3 because of 3 weeks .
is trump finally getting impeached ... for the 37th time ?
fuck i thought something happened in the market dragon thread so i went through it again .
plus having a good range of salads that you can make means you do n't get bored and you can feed a crowd by making all your salads buy cooked meat or bbq it and bam dinner for twenty friends done
but i do know about ten different good salads ... just waiting for the friends
the evil villain lair from the rocket is also heavily changed
you know that routinely happens for other crimes right ?
if you are credibly accused of armed robbery it will fuck up your life even if you are actually innocent and are exonerated in a trial .
i 'm not saying that 's a great situation but i 'm not sure it 's really avoidable without doing more harm to the victims of real crimes .
and it 's weird to me that rape is the only crime where people are up in arms about how we should n't be adjusting our opinion of a person until they 're actually found guilty in court .
the issue is people can pull out their internet cable in the last round and claim they disconnected
it gets one scheduled service a week but it gets a ton of football specials whenever birmingham city play at home so it 's used by a few thousand people on those days .
the quirk is that as football fixtures and railway timetables are n't published at the same time then it 's impossible to put the football trains into a timetable hence the weekly parliamentary train .
i 'd imagine that official station usage numbers are drastically under reported and that 99 of people using the station do so on additional '' services .
yeah i actually read about this apparently she had a softball injury earlier that year that resulted in seizures but had been getting better
some food contains harmful saturated fats or is very high in salt or does not have the appropriate nutritional content .
immaginate di trovarvi tra le mani un libro intero scritto così .
decine e decine di pagine contenenti sequenze di lettere raggruppate in modo incomprensibile ai più .
pubblicato nel 1965 atlas of protein sequence and structure è stata la prima raccolta pubblicamente accessibile di tutte le sequenze proteiche conosciute .
i swear i 've seen that exact statement from a fb or youtube comment lol .
except a trademark potentially lasts longer than a patent or copyright .
while it is generally more restrictive in scope it is less restrictive in time .
just try and use an apple in a logo .
but apple is likely to object if only to show they actively protect their logo .
in this case it is a smell they are trademarking but what happens when a printer ink maker makes an ink that happens to smell like play d'oh ?
my gronkowski p. lindsay and k. cole for his kelce and bell
would blow my rb line thin as ice but leave me one free spot to pick him up .
i really want to say allen robinson but i just ca n't get over how bad trubisky looks..
dann an dich die frage wann ist ein sachverhalt ein offensichtlicher zusammenhang und wann ist er ein beweis für eine politische motivation ?
für mich ist es in dem angesprochenen fall recht einfach die schlussfolgerung einer teilmotivation zu ziehen weil bewiesen ist das während der tat rassistische bemerkungen vom täter gegenüber dem opfer geäußert werden .
statt zigeuner '' nennt er ihn dann vielleicht penner '' verhält sich aber sonst nicht anders .
wenn das der fall ist sehe ich trotz rassistischer bemerkungen keine ausländerfeindliche motivation .
wenn das nicht der fall ist und er wegen der andersartigkeit zu größerer härte greift oder wie auch immer differenziert sehe ich hier eine klare ausländerfeindliche motivation .
die bemerkung ist dabei für mich kaum von bedeutung sie dient bestenfalls als indiz .
und zu ermitteln ob das der fall war oder nicht ist etwas was im aufgabenbereich von gerichten und staatsanwaltschaft liegt .
wir können hier nur mutmaßen aufgrund einer vermutlich recht einseitigen darstellung .
und mutmaßungen über das was in fremden köpfen vorgeht traue ich mir nicht zu .
ich sehe beispielsweise auch einen deutlichen unterschied ob so eine rassistische bemerkung im singular oder plural fällt .
im singular bezieht man sich ja prinzipiell nur auf eine person im plural ist dagegen eine wie auch immer definierte gruppe gemeint die eine ausländerfeindliche motivation deutlich stärker andeutet aber eben auch nicht beweist .
the 119th congress the one which will be elected in november will be inaugurated on january 3 2019 .
the currently sitting representatives and senators will stay in congress until that date even if they lose their reelection in november .
the period between the election in november and the inauguration in january is called the lame duck congressional session .
traditionally congress does n't do much during this time .
they usually do n't even meet unless there is something urgent like they need to allocate funding for a natural disaster response .
however if the republicans lose control of the senate in the election they absolutely have the power to call a lame duck session and ram a supreme court confirmation through .
in fact if they lose control of the senate i would be very surprised if they do not do that .
they dont have to change any pois or do any new shit .
they still do it and all you kids do is complain .
you wouldnt be whining about this in other games because they dont change shit .
be glad with the new updates you get.. this annoys me so much
at that point i feel like it 'd be easier to tap morse
my father once told me that my grandfather told him not to marry my mother because she would grow into a mentally unstable woman ... he also should 've listened .
came here to nominate this song because it 's just a straight knife-twister for anyone who 's been trapped in a bad relationship .
society vastly overrates the value and effect of intelligence . ''
you can be the smartest person in the world and still know nothing about a certain topic .
you can also be an expert on a certain topic and still find yourself out of touch with the popular consensus/reality see college professors .
the only thing intelligence may do in linus 's case is make him more receptive to reasonable arguments challenging his perceptions but even then he may be too emotional and too bias to acknowledge them because after all being smart does n't make you immune to human emotions .
i think that this post should be amended to state the following
sidechaining is definitely an audio-engineering concept turned buzzword turned fix all '' .
the whole point is to use it where it is necessary .
some 808/kick combos are going to have frequencies that overlap and thus would benefit from some sidechaining or other creative arrangement/mixing techniques .
no the last post about this was literally 2 days ago just search by now not hot .
do you know people in that hood to cop from ?
i ca n't claim politics is good but millennial and gen x voted more than older americans in 2016 and this trend is expected to increase due to age/birth/death rates .
the pro genocide or alt right make up a large majority of the people who are 'passionate ' enough to vote .
the reason i think trump is going to lose next election is that his dumbass actions woke up too many of the non voting population .
in 2016 only around thirty percent voted i think .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
rule 5 reposts will be removed at the moderators discretion this includes but is not limited to reposts with the same title as previous submissions .
we allow some images to recirculate if a period of time has passed or if it previously did not receive much attention .
if your post is part of a cluster of submissions of the same image it will be removed .
if you feel this was removed in error or are unsure about why this was removed then please modmail us .
3.9k genji main here this is not good tip in my opninion because after 2nd jump its easy to track when you going down .
what you want to do is to peek around corners by using wall climb then coming out from corner and double jumping back behind corner you are so hard to hit at this point .
also ur main damage source is ur shurikens u want to try to use weird positions wich is avaible to you cause of high mobility .
there 's ideological purity and then there 's voting against your own interests .
if you 're any shred of a libertarian or if you just live in the burbs and are middle class voting d is against your interests 100 .
if he 's a petulant baby why are his policies succeeding and why are other countries working with us on things he wants to ?
it 's like people ca n't judge results and policies you can only judge what the media is telling you to think and it 's creating this echo chamber that distorts what is really happening .
like every little thing he does is harped on and people have lost their minds when by all means things are going well .
another aspect of it is that i think a lot of people on reddit are the show me a citation '' types who rely too much on being told what to think and ca n't stand a guy like trump could buck the experts '' and do well .
it 's not just what he 's doing it 's the fact he upended the mystique that people in the media/politics/academia are actually smart or that their policies are better because they are more rational or educated .
trump winning just overloaded these peoples senses and they lash out with hate .
it sucks so bad because we have already had a death in the family every day passes and it hurts to know you ca n't do anything about it .
the only value a woman has is her physical attractiveness .
i love how yoongi kept asking if they could get cherry tomatoes and it took jungkook giving permission for him to go grab them ... what is this family dynamic
itse olisin ennemmin maksanut vähän enemmän ja saanut luotettavan taksikyydin aina .
suomen taxi on aina ollut todella luotettava kyyti verrattuna ulkomaiden palveluihin .
mulle turvallisuuden tunne ja luotettavuus on tärkeämpää kuin parin euron säästö jos kyse on vapaammasta hintakilpailusta .
the audience of people paying for a ppv at 2am is gon na be minescule .
i 'm not getting mates round to chip in with wings and beers for a 5am main event .
i 'm sure most uk fans are already recording it for the morning or just catching up on highlights later .
he played kayle botlane with ignite and skilled w level 1 it 's not about playing offmeta it 's the fact that he was soft inting that game and making sure it was lost
petr is 36 atm so this is from 2 or maybe 1 idk seasons after current time .
and in career mode for some reason players above 30 decline faast he is 82 in game tho .
because if you do n't eat tons of food that baby in there is gon na die ? ? ?
so you cant be a fan of the present ?
you just let anything slide and dont give a shit what happens now because two years ago you won ?
ill bet all athletes feel this way too hey why compete we won it a few years ago '' matter of fact ill bet thats written on tom bradys wall next to the clock that counts down to the super bowl .
youre skipping on big thing this team wasnt supposed to suck .
this isnt a rebuilding year this is liekly one of the last or maybe the last year of a transcendant talent youll never never see again .
yet we waste it because of ego 's and idiots who sit back and rest on their laurels .
yea something tells me tom brady would be pissed at someone like you .
if you wan na play cooler then stop posting this weeb shit .
well more in response to saying principals or those in authority positions ca n't make jokes or be friends with students .
you saw the speakers set up and you knew .
there are areas they can make jokes and areas that are off limits .
if they they like the idea of having a beautiful dog more than actually having a dog ...
so you think there are real risks to the pup 's health ?
that 's what i 'm interested in because if that 's the case i need to do something
you can already smoke pretty much anywhere you want now anyways .
just roll a blunt and light that shit and 99 of he time no one is going to say a damn thing
but if only it looked anything like the characters .
either i have a logic error or something 's fucky with my ifs
its almost like we need a criminal investigation before we can move on is n't it ?
well my calendar alibis says i was getting my gainz on ! ''
he 's remembering the fond memory of his father teaching him about calendars and not about gender equality .
prediction dems are going to get him to lie today
oh come on admit it you hate that old lady who lets her dog poop in your garden
i definitely remember being at a party the day before football training camp started my senior year of high school .
i tried to help you out with a review but amazon is now protecting the know off seller .
sorry we are unable to accept reviews for this product .
there can be a number of reasons for this including unusual reviewing activity .
they will not be maintaining the openjdk 11 past 6 months but bugs that are discovered will be fixed in 12 13 etc .
a number of companies in the opensource community have already stepped forward to provide backports of said fixes to openjdk 11 for 4 years .
the particular sadness of lemon cake involves a great deal of description of food .
it 's a little surreal though the main character discovers she can taste the emotions of whoever prepared her food .
the word starts with 5 consonants or 3 if you 're counting the sounds instead of the letters or 4 if you 're counting the sounds but counting an affricate as two sounds .
the cluster in the middle of bezwzględnie '' is 5 consonants no matter how you count it .
ok now it works it wasnt working on reddit is fun
you can always wash them if they get dirty 👌
a permit to have a hot dog cart in central park is 290k .
that 's a lot of dogs you got ta sell to break even .
yeah but that dirty hot dog water is so good at washing money .
i was on the football team of course i would n't go to a drinking party duh
sounds good i 'll see if i can get it together soon !
first forsaken exotic from xur will be during the dawning .
right did n't see you address the double barrel issue and when i build what did the minigun do to my walls ?
are you actually agreeing that the minigun shud stay the same so that less skilled players can just spray all the timr ?
also i have multiple clips off all my pellets hitting for 7 damage so that ai n't my aim blood
they mentioned that you username was getting reported quite often they did what they had to do when user get reported and do n't follow the rules .
if possible bungo should post the stats/percentages on the amount of people that use sleeper sim for guardian kills in gambit .
mostly because everyone who has posted a comment with i 've died any random percentage of the time from a sleeper '' is going strictly off of their own memory and current mood which is usually pretty negative .
if bungie posts legit stats then we can really see what 's what and then have some valid discussion .
have you ever heard the tragedy of texas world speedway ?
if there is one thing i hate it 's when you fail something or tried really hard and someone says there is always next time !
you wanted to throw that moltoff cocktail into the window of government thinking it would do some good ?
waited so long for that replayed the previous games in the summer leading up to the release .
came home from school to play on the pc which by the way was an amazing release of a pc port to have a blast the whole time playing the game .
i think everyone agrees that the gameplay was the absolute strongest part of v. so many options to do what you want .
i know kojima was sizing back on the cutscenes from the backlash of the movie-like cutscenes in mgs 4 but jesus there 's nothing in this game in terms of story .
and sure you can argue it was a creative decision to have a minimalistic story but the thing that makes me automatically disregard that point would be the ending .
they literally just ending spoilers lol s copy pasted the tutorial entirely except adding in one little bit at the end and showing the 'twist ' that you 're not actually the real big boss . ''
i mean they uploaded a cut ending on youtube for people to see and it seemed more grand in scope .
to me the game is disappointing because i went into it expecting typical mgs twists and turns in the convoluted story but in turn just got fantastic gameplay .
it just kinda left me with a sour taste along with the part when my fob basically got robbed by so many players once i stopped playing for more than three days .
the game had its shining moments like the mission s where you find the warehouse filled with the vocal parasite patients '' or s when you have to go into the quarantined mother base platform and end up killing your own men . ''
if there were more moments like those in the game and no mission replays it would have been one of my favorite games of all time .
but thanks to konami shoving it out the door for money we only have this .
shame too the fox engine seems like a very very good engine all around .
seriously it was probably a weekend because it 's easier to account for them because we worked weekdays so could n't possibly have gone out in the evening ... . sure .
yes people who work particularly kids in their summer off never go out on work nights .
dude i cry when i get sentimental about my dad and hes alive
see this is why we dont go on the internet anymore
it is a job interview and the question is whether this guy is qualified for the job .
speaking of bile some comments about the witness on this same thread were equally disgusting .
and a couple other choice adjectives jameson likes to use .
wrong dr. halsy stated that of all the spartan fireteams were extremely lethal .
but there was only two fireteams she would consider to use blue team and nobel squad .
they were the best of their classes blue team were the original shit kickers and nobel squad were the best of the spartan 3s .
she did n't use blue team for the events of reach bc most of them were dead .
a fact 343 forgot when they made halo 5 .
rapists ... no we do n't really give a shit .
too many people think it 's a victim-less crime .
good for him for doing the right thing in the end but no sympathy .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
be careful who you trust because it 's the people who say smile and call you 'friend ' who end up betraying you .
the how i had a close friend who did n't think twice about betraying our friendship because of some guy .
so make sure you put your trust in the right people .
why ca n't i find someone who talks about me the way kavanaugh talks about calendars ?
however his credibility has now and will always be in question .
the amount of harassment and hate he will get will put him and his family who is n't at fault forever on edge .
i can see several years of this wearing on anyone even this monster .
obsidian minecraft to pair with bad juju for unlimited supers
but she 's just so cute i wan na scoop her up and cradle like a baby !
i know plenty of young professionals who party on weekdays frequently .
or maybe it 's cuz he got accused of being a rapist ?
sort by new '' i think it 's like the 5th post down at the moment .
to use an appeal to emotion lapse into yelling break down into tears and explicitly blame the left '' for these allegations is frankly disturbing and reflects on him incredibly poorly as a man who is on the verge of becoming a supreme court judge .
furthermore you can not expect people to ignore these allegations in the first place .
people are allowed to have made up their minds based on the information available .
check this contest out i think this clip would be a good entry .
if you keep getting hit by moves just shield more if you do n't have time to avoid it .
sometimes jumping over luigi 's wavedash approaches is risky because he can still hit you out of the air with upsmash or a rising aerial .
yeah just knowing luigi 's limitations and stuff is good for dealing with him .
his wavedash goes pretty far but it does n't have infinite range and he has to expose himself briefly both before and after he attacks after his wavedash .
specifically he is vulnerable for 14 frames during the startup of the wavedash .
for these 14 initial frames of the wavedash he is locked out of inputting any moves so you can just hit him while he is sliding toward you during the first part of the wavedash .
this is just one of the many things that you can abuse about luigi .
his bad aerial drift is another thing i know this has nothing to do with wavedashing but i thought i would mention it anyway .
if he is decently high above you he is more or less a sitting duck coming down .
you can anticipate him nairing or fairing on his way down and either time your strike after or just space around it with your own bair .
also stuff like fox 's u-tilt and upsmash can just beat luigi cleanly when he 's falling down onto you .
nekos arent furry either and this is basically a turtle-dragon neko
is he reading all of his autobiography or just half of it ?
serves me right after my last rant about the buff lol
i honestly pass it up every time even for a gray tac
yeah i made it about 25 hours and i am done .
did side stuff along the way had fun but im getting bored with the repetition
man that was so beautiful senza a double to lead off the inning but you do n't get shook by it ?
if it was constructed ratings 75 of the cards would be f 's .
my favorite explanation of brook 's law in a sentence
nine women can not make a baby in a single month .
your card will be declined if you have insufficient funds .
i keep jokingly saying food is my only joy right now but it kind of is ! !
yes this is the correct way to balance a game .
choose an arbitrary number based on a made-up combat score and nerf anything above that .
it 's not that easy defense play different ways the amount of the lead matters it 's not as simple as just looking at a stat and making a clear cut decision .
i grew up in the bay area so i 'd watch the games sometimes because people would talk about the sharks .
i did n't become a hockey fan until i moved to canada though for uni the vancouver area .
this may be sacrilege but i became a fan of the canucks too because i watched so many games with my friends here .
the sharks are my 1 team though of course .
maybe i 'm misreading it but it sounds like he said that because nazis also criticize political correctness and he does n't want to be associated with nazis he 's giving in .
in other words he perceives that you 're either an intersectional feminist or you run the risk of being tarred by accusations of extreme racism .
there 's no nuance or middle ground permitted by these lunatics .
yeah they are great little figures i have a solid snake figma .
imagine a series of statues based on all the bloodborne bosses .
i 'd cut off my arm for a darkbeast paarl
he kicked six kinds of crap out of the turtles .
seeing splinter free who he thought was out of the picture broke his composure and one mistake is all it takes to lose .
i think op refers to the fact that hrc is an honest and exonerated politician
listing bnghazi pizzagate or the earpiece as if there are many scandals just detracts
we had a chance for an honest competent and fully exonerated president with hrc
now we have rapey don and his rapist friends ...
give me a cool woman protagonist and i 'll be totally fine the choice just messes up with the lore and the immersion .
i believe he 's making a comparison between majordope and the crayon eater currently in the white house who likes to make silly posts too .
reminds me of the fnaf 1 drawing where bonnie is seen rising out of a gift box .
temperatures have risen more than 1 degree celsius in the past century .
that 's the fastest increase in the history of our planet and it just so happens to have started exactly when we began mass producing industrial goods via factories .
i posted it a few times on here n=but i never could get must interest if you do get some concept art for it please message me i would love to see it !
the gop is trying to stack the courts to protect trumpovich so that they can continue their pillaging of the nations coffers .
the shortlist of scotus nominees does n't include another person that believes roe v wade should be overturned that the president should n't be able to be indicted while president that a presidential pardon also prevents states from charging people for associated non-felony crimes and is a rapist just like trumpovich .
the only way this stops is if someone talks kavenomeansyes into withdrawing by offering him a super cushy job for lots of money somewhere forcing donald to be pissy but appoint someone else .
at least op is fully aware of what he 's done so hopefully he not beating boners to underaged lolis
that is why they keep on fucking doing it .
seems after the boosts the instantcash rewards are gone too .
but hey i can level up my white and blue collectables i will never use .
i just inherited one of those from my grandmother .
i think it 's the next size smaller though .
that 's also why if you ask us how we are doing we 'll probably tell you the truth .
when i went to the us for the first time and people kept asking me how are you today ? ''
it took some time for me to realize that that 's not an actual question just friendliness .
graham is seriously on the defensive on msnbc he knows this is bad .
not if you 're in the military you just move your vehicle on pcs orders .
i never thought i 'd say that but i can really really relate to that panel .
i did a lot of really dumb shit when i was younger and i probably should n't be alive so now i just really enjoy a nice calm 9-5 job and life .
while you 're jumping from the colony i can just shoot you in the air .
it 's like having 6 invaders at once also you have to come down from the air eventually .
you 're also assuming that you 'll have time to react against the colony which a lot of times you do n't
at one point the matchups were between matt mcgloin/connor cook and tom savage/brock osweiler .
yes amazon is really a huge behemoth and shitty .
but the cult mentality that the co-op is so just and great is ridiculously misguided .
it truly has changed a lot since when most super-loyal owners started shopping there we had a survey and most who took it said they were owners for 10 years .
even since i started working there a lot has changed .
i have been there for 4 years and it has progressively gotten to be a more hostile/stressful/not cohesive work environment .
i have even seen department managers totally check out because they are not heard or cared about .
i will add it is not the worst business .
it is okay again okay for a retail store .
it is just this sorta myth about the co-op that people blindly follow then many go there with high hopes for employment and i see them utterly defeated and sad within a couple months .
sold all my aapl calls this morning for a 1300 profit .
a slight modification we kinda know what paracetamol does in the brain .
we 're not entirely sure how this reduces fever though .
people would do too much chatting and clog up the servers .
i 've been doing one a week nothing noticeable yet .
my strength is actually still going up as well .
i think most of us agree we 'll be heading back to the dreadnought for the next final ?
major expansion if they retread ground once and hopefully do it right there 's no reason they could n't take a crack at getting the infinite forest right down the road .
i 'd be happy to see then out in the effort .
yeah i 'll agree with you even though i see where above poster is coming from .
it 's like when george w. bush dodged a shoe at that press conference in iraq .
this is just a really funny occurrence but this time with celebrity .
teams for the most part could n't throw the kitchen sink at romo because they knew they 'd get burned .
r/massivecock now provides you with the opportunity to find someone to play with your massive cock .
you are encouraged to include your location and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
if interested please include your general location age and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's going to be a clip on world star .
knows nothing about the industry that she 's been a part of for over half his life ?
as i remarked in another comment all mitchell 's questions have accomplished is to confirm the details dr. ford related in her testimony .
mitchell is in a tough spot because the strategies she uses in the courtroom are like a fish out of water in this situation .
she 's attempting to lay the groundwork for a rebuttal which is n't going to work because this is n't a trial .
dr. ford and the democratic senators are kicking ass .
i bit the bullet and upgraded to unlimited for 50/month .
i have 2 kids and they stream all the time and i was well over 1tb every month .
its ridiculous that we have caps on home based internet
and it 's a way for the killers to sort of protect their totems overall i think it 's a fantastic addition to the game .
more phone numbers in 2 days than i 've gotten in 6 months .
those were the idiots who asked for a separate country for them .
it 's current borders are based on who the british conquered .
why should anyone be loyal to some arbitrary lines in the sand that europeans drew for their own benefit ?
plenty of groups did n't want to be part of india .
muslims were the only faction large enough to succeed .
and the muslims not involved from southern tip of india to the furthest north were forced to move too .
meanwhile the population of hindus in pakistan and bangladesh has dropped by 97 since 1947 .
the muslims wanting their own state or the hindus who demanded they remain loyal to the british borders ?
are n't i supposed to be defending my team !
aria in the starless night was written by request of the anime team for more content .
already got him not too long ago like mid september iirc .
the code worked for me i just said fuck it and grabbed the 1070ti .
in oregon we have ridiculous liberals that want to ban everything .
and also crazy conservatives that get into armed stand offs with the feds .
not a whole lot of middle ground makes the news here
sorry working and do n't have time to source further .
feel free to search for stolen dnc papers some 10 or so years ago his staunch denial of involvement at his hearings and the subsequent confirmation by those working under him that he was in fact involved .
man the 7970 was sooooo good when it first came out .
i miss those days when amd and nvidia released equally capable products .
oh man this is not fair even tho i got riven 2016 i want the chroma for my season 2 riven
so you 're pretty much another waffles how long till your corp get 's absorbed into pl .
they would have to take the stance of the noble conservative '' which considering that these days siding with the republican party takes some next level cognitive dissidence is a really hard sell .
they 'd have to go full newsroom and i do n't see that happening without them tarnishing their brand '' .
this question is probably better suited for r/academicbiblical or r/askbiblescholars
then why not put a border around new york to get rid of out of state criminals or california or texas etc .
fantasy-land prisoner gets wrapped up in dragon business and also gets to kill stuff with swords and magic
i use 90 because i feel like it 's the best middle point between ideal conditions and player skill .
we both have mixed up appointments dates on occasion .
i have adhd and work in rehab services and i am terrible with time and schedules .
it 's not my strong point and it 's not my therapists either .
but i am at the top of my league in my profession and so is my therapist .
he 's 100x better than any other therapy provider i have seen .
over the years in my field and other helping professions i have realized that being exceptionally good with people sometimes comes with the cost of not being good at other things that might seem simple to others .
i do try understand if the client ahead of me is having trouble wrapping up their session .
it 's also not always easy to kick one client out and move forward to the next person immediately .
it 's easy to forget specific details when you work with many different clients .
i do n't mean this to be an excuse but an explanation of how the job often plays out .
i think if it bothers you and time management is key to a positive relationship with your therapist just send them an email .
or if you feel your making progress with the therapist and are just angry about the time and scheduling issues .. discuss it with them first .
maybe there is a solution a better appointment time or using email instead of calling or maybe they too have adhd and it 's just a personal struggle .
the bottom line is is the therapist good enough to work with on the issue .
i think accepting therapists as individuals with their own faults helps me realize my anxiety and issues can be accepted by others too .
even though i chronically run 5 minutes late it does n't mean i 'm useless .
so .. for what it 's worth that 's how i project my issues on this anyways .. 😏
i 'll be watching the video in a few minutes you guys might cover everything i 'm going to say here .
i think the controversy surrounding demos all but disappears at some level .
i do n't know anybody who thinks that demos are inappropriate/bad/noskill/whatever .
the demo meta is less fun to watch than the backboard meta was . ''
personally i agree with that first complaint i played against u/toothboto the other day and it was annoying as hell watching all those demos but i think that 's the point .
i encourage anyone to go for demos to annoy me .
the other thing that really annoys me in-game is when the opponents shoot the ball well and score goals .
that really grinds my gears and i ca n't think of a single game that i won where the opponents scored more goals than my team .
i also want to ask is the data from s3 meaningful ?
i 'm not sure how many replays rocketleaguereplays had from s3 .
i 'll try to look that up tonight if you guys did n't already cover it in the video .
i was told money is n't an issue and they want the output asap .
it will probably be quicker to get our cloud connection established than go through it to get additional resources we 've been trying to get an additional nas for the last 8 months and have gotten nowhere despite having the purchase approved .
i 've also been working on convincing the head of the department we need a computational cluster .
if the costs start to add up maybe they 'll be convinced .
jesus the guy the jews do n't believe to be the son of god was made up ... by the jews ?
what kind of warped abrahamic faith does this nutjob follow ?
in a world where elves and magic exist those things are other but also everyday and the presence of magic and monsters does n't have any particularly religious aspect to it .
i do n't think they are referred to as demons for example just monsters .
the witchers do n't serve a higher power just a challenging moral code .
the perspective of the media is that of the witchers so it takes a dim view of the conservative religious movements that are turning people away from knowledge of the world .
they burn books shun witchers and other non-humans as relics of the past etc .
when zeke told eren that he will come to save '' eren did he tell him his name ?
i 'm just a huge fan of hibiscus flowers and like to show that .
autolyse is a method where you combine flour and water before adding yeast .
it allows the flour to fully absorb the water before fermentation begins .
it usually takes about thirty minutes to an hour for the flour to absorb the water .
it also helps fermentation to occur more uniformly throughout the dough resulting in more even distribution of bubbling .
i 'll copypasta the response i gave to someone else in the thread
i had to do it with the timing i did .
they had axed my boss the previous friday and it looked like they were getting ready to pin missing equipment that had never crossed my desk/inventory on me/my department .
given that they had booted my boss who had made me promises of certification and further pay raise two weeks earlier the writing on the wall told me it was time .
not having a job came in handy at least had to travel to the next state over less than a month later and take care of my grandmother after she broke her back for a month and a half .
pubg has better tickrate but feels worse than blackout did in beta .
but you do n't need high wattage to chuck clouds .
you need high wattage for a warm or hot vape .
chucking clouds depends on your airflow and your build .
on an energy weapon it regens ammo when you match shield type .
not too often am i using my non element kinetic sniper to break a shield .
tfw u lose to ur friend in a bitter jury and then have to share a show with her where she constantly cuts you off .
it remains unclear how much the firm will be valued at eventually .
zion is much too far considering you have red rock here ! !
there are so many great hikes that you could do one long one or a few in multiple areas of the park .
yeah theyre definitely not the majority but i would say just having one is problematic but in this thread theres multiple !
just because something has an engine and four wheels does n't automatically make it a bus —my college professor 's response when someone asked him the same thing he 's autistic
were they not used by the us marine corps and as a marksman 's weapon ?
i 'm not super familiar but that 's what i was under the impression of
while this did net tampa a super bowl which automatically makes it worth it
in my view jon gruden is one of the most overrated coaches and talent evaluators ever .
let 's keep in mind the super bowl is the last playoff game he ever won .
not to also forget the numerous misses on first round picks he 's had .
yeah first get those new players then focuse on the old ones .
in my opinion budgeting and saving money is just addition subtraction which we all know from 6 or 7 years old .
and percentages/fractions which is what interest rates and inflation are all about .
if you know how to add if you know how to subtract if you know how to use decimal and percentages then you 're already there .
if you have 2500 real estate properties 47 bank accounts .
7,342 pieces of depreciating property then you need to hire someone to do that shit for you so you do n't have to worry .
there are probably a million youtube videos on how to balance an account .
as you go along you will need to learn about different things like retirement accounts and such .
study them you only really have to learn once .
follow the advice on this subreddit 's sidebar prime directive and then look at the age ranges .
way more difficult than budgeting and balancing and the mechanical things .
this is why so many people that win the lottery go broke and why 80 of pro athletes go broke 3 years after they stop playing .
the real trick is to not spend your fucking money .
there 's a million little tricks '' to get you to spend money .
the adverting industries spend trillions of dollars with one single goal to make you hate yourself .
yes that is the goal someone wo n't love you if you do n't use their deodorant .
this makes you uncomfortable '' and makes you think you might stink and never get a girl/boyfriend or whatever else the advertisement is selling .
they try to make you uncomfortable but when you watch thousands of messages it makes one feel so inadequate that they end up hating themselves .
so try to avoid advertising as much as possible .
do n't watch broadcast tv radio or anything with advertising .
of course you ca n't do it 100 but get rid of most of it .
try to gamify '' your spending by spending as least amount as you can .
it is well-known that making anything a game makes most people want to compete even with themselves .
so the game is to spend as little as possible .
so i know how much i spend per year/quarter/month/day .
for example i spend 2.04 per day on auto insurance 64/month .
i spend 2.25 per day on gasoline 68.37 per month .
the saying that i do like is take care of the pennies the dollars will take care of themselves . ''
which is not to say to be penny wise and pound foolish .
no that is not the meaning of the saying .
the other thing i can say is to look at your accounts every single day all of them .
how long does it take to log into an account online ?
look at the last few days or week real fast it takes no more than 15 or 20 seconds .
if it takes 20 minutes because you have 3000 transactions then you are a superhuge company and need a fulltime cpa but most people are n't .
the sad fact is that many do n't look at their account balances for months .
then they do n't remember what everything is for but if you look at them every single day you know immediately and can take steps immediately to see what the issue is .
also you are actually required by the bank to monitor your bank account .
if there are bogus charges they only give you so long to notify them then tough shit you 're out of luck and one could lose a lot of money this way someone steals 10,000 out of your account and you wait 1 year to tell your bank ?
lots of people say to save 10 as if it 's ok to just spend money on whatever you want to up to that point .
for example if you learn how to program and become a world-class programmer and earn 250,000 a year in your first job does that mean that you put aside 10 or 25,000 or whatever the after-tax amount is and spend 225,000 on hookers and blow or whatever ?
if you were making that much money shit i 'd still live at home for 5 years eat mom and dad 's food have mom do the laundry and spend 10k per year for those 5 years .
but most people spend like drunken sailors which is why lottery winners go broke in 3 years and pro athletes are broke in 3 years after retiring .
https www.cnbc.com/2017/10/17/dallas-cowboys-alfred-morris-drives-26-year-old-car-he-bought-for-2.html ? recirc=taboolainternal make sure to read down to the bottom for other frugal spenders .
my favorite money video https vimeo.com/41152287 book mark it and watch it every month .
pretend it is like a reverse advertising '' and just like regular advertising you have to see this one over and over until it sinks into your mind .
oh ... one of the most important things automobiles will keep people broke-ass broke for life .
my last car i got for 4,500 and it lasted 16 years with no major repairs toyota .
i just got a subaru for that much expect it to last 15 more years .
then divide that by 12 to see how much i was paying for my car every month .
oh do n't go to a private university unless you have scholarships and grants for a free ride .
private schools are 50,000 just for tuition per year or 200,000 for 4 years .
you can go to a state school for at max i think is 12,000 per year in tuition .
unless you get accepted into a top tier school like harvard stanford yale etc that 's the only time it makes sense to spend that much .
no one gives a fuck where you go to school unless it is top-tier .
no one gives a shit about your grades unless you go into academia or think tanks or some special cases but for your everyday regular job no one gives a fuck about gpa maybe in the first job they do but that 's it .
i 've never once been asked about gpa after my first job .
remember there is so_much_bullshit out there more than you can ever know .
that 's way too much power for such a cheap light car .
you better film that shit when she starts dating misty
example the hat of crackshot since it 's not part of the hitbox if you shoot threw it wont damage him in fact you can see the bullet entering a coming out from behind the hat
the point is that the legislature feels entitled to arbitrarily raise taxes
if we spend all the surplus money to ensure we 're not taxing people too much the state will have no money when the next recession begins and they 'll have to raise taxes .
people need roads and freeways in good repair to get to work .
why would it be a bad thing to require voter approval before increasing taxes that affect all of us ?
indeed why not require voter approval before the legislature does anything ?
at least he was n't eaten alive by a hyena or did n't slowly starve to death his likely fate in the wild .
so in the narrative about the mind-boggling complexity and triumph of escaping the confines of earth you choose to 'be ashamed ' because it also made an animal sad ?
edit downvote all you want you moronic pussies you know i 'm right .
dwight would be there to stand behind michael with advice '' of what to do even though michael told him 10 times he was n't coming .
getting into yo-yo has ruined that joke for me .
one of the main yo-yo styles 4a is off-string http yoyo.wikia.com/wiki/offstring .
watch hajime miura win the 2018 world yo-yo contest in 4a https youtu.be/djqnlspktyi ? t=66 and tell me you do n't see a market there .
i imagine she makes bank from these and it allows her to take smaller paychecks at least in theory for the other films that she clearly likes to do .
this submission has been removed your title is not formatted correctly .
it does not include the tags h w psa q or pc .
please check the sidebar and the wiki http www.reddit.com/r/gametrade/wiki/index for information about tagging your submission properly .
look at other users ' trades for guidelines as well and make a new submission with the correct title format .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gametrade if you have any questions or concerns .
cheesy gun play and lightning quick unrealistic movement that is better suited in the small map multiplayer mode .
the draw for me and many others on pubg is the steep learning curve .
i have friends who play games once a week for 3 hours and they 're excited for blackout because they know they can pick it up once a week and be formidable so i think blackout will cater more to the casual player .
60 is a lot for one map/mode and who knows if they 'll ever release another blackout map for free .
jc has some issues but i enjoyed watching him .
had a game where i get a double intense fight .
x marks the spot 2 guys come to my location instantly as i 'm mid heal and i die .
if they do n't want to get rid of it decrease the time the x shows to like a second .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
because release is quickly approaching hype is building exponentially and the subreddit is seeing a higher volume of posts every day we have enacted a special rule that disallows countdown posts by anyone but moderators .
this rule was put in place to declutter the front page and prevent waves of posts at significant intervals in the time leading up to release .
edit just look at this guy 's other posts in gw2 thread he 's prolly a troll..or i hope so for his sake that he 's a troll .
before i make some explanation tl dr we hate the business not the guest unless the guest is a douche canoe .
everything i say here is meant to be educational in no way attacking or otherwise negative .
most properties will do what they can for you and not try to mistreat a 3rd party guest .
but on the other hand many properties will assign the more preferential rooms to guests that are not costing the hotel a commission .
the 3rd parties charge the hotel between 15-20 on all bookings .
certain 3rd parties also contractually obligate the hotels to accept discounted rates which first lowers the bookable rate then the hotel has to pay commission on top of that .
over time that really begins to hurt a hotel 's bottom line .
this coming winter i already see bookings where we are receiving 64ish on a 100 rooms because of the commission .
of course right now i 'm technically in violation of our contracts by even mentioning the commissions .
the only other point i wanted to address was the loyalty points issued by ota 's .
if the 3rd parties did not charge hotels commissions and other fees you would not be getting loyalty points .
the fees the 3rd parties tack on to any given reservation would not be enough to pay their own business costs in addition to paying the hotels the scant portion they get when redeeming a free night .
as a side note these views are my own from my years being a front office supervisor and being the prime liaison between my property and all the 3rd parties we work with .
they spent years learning the craft before they could purposefully and skillfully break them .
plus history shows us that trust and loyalty is important to pop and the spurs .
derozan has proven himself to have those qualities butler has n't .
the actual amount of bitcoin is 24 billion at current prices .
but how much needs to be spent on electricity and chips ?
well i commented earlier that bowser thing was almost as bad as the worst of sonic fan art wtf is this shit
it 's not perfect ... some modders do n't put their mods on ckan though most do by far .
you can do all the essential realism overhaul mods that way for example .
the biggest value of ckan is ease of uninstalling which can be a major pain though usually manual installation is very easy and also that ckan by default shows only what is compatible for your ksp version and detects incompatible mods and dependent or recommended mods .
i had a bit of struggle figuring out how to install and run it at first since i was a super noob at terminal/linux and the ui is definitely a bit clunky and buggy on mac but definitely worthwhile .
you can even have it manage multiple installs of ksp a must for someone like me who has at minimum two at any given time more often three or four .
do n't bother searching for it you 'll be terminated . ''
it 's a huge problem that does n't just affect people who make bad '' life choices .
these sort of scams happen because there is absolutely no way the supply of consenting adult women can keep up with the demand for sex services .
the ally where we had orchestrated a military coup and assassination of their president when that puppet had proven no longer useful ?
also refusing to go to war meant you ended up in prison .
well then clearly going to war was the right thing to do .
any soldier who fights in a war deserves some amount of respect .
the japanese who engaged in the rape of nanking do not deserve any respect .
the americans who engaged in the my lai massacre or any of the other massacres in vietnam are not deserving of respect .
soldiers who went to war because they were idiots and did n't know any better deserve the same respect as your average human being .
but simply being a soldier in a war does not magically grant every participant the qualities we should admire and hold up for emulation .
following unethical orders simply because you do n't want to go jail makes not a hero but a coward .
i am an endgame content player and pvp guy .
i have already reset my gambit once and almost done with luna 's howl .
i am looking for a clan that wants to raid and is highly active .
i would prefer all adults i ca n't and wo n't handle/deal with trash talkers or negative attitudes .
i am the type who is willing to help others and do n't mind leading out a raid or gambit etc .
i do my own lfgs all the time i just want new people to play with especially for endgame raiding .
i have 3 toons all around 550 i have n't done anything yet for this week so they should be about 560 by the end of the week if not higher .
what do yuh mane a peter pan peanut butter alert
i 'm really hoping for timeline progression as well .
i dunno if larger deployments will be a thing i hope they are i seem to recall some folks saying they limited it to a lance for practical reasons .
i 've been quite happy with my logitech g602 .
granted these days i do more autocad drafting then gaming .
early analysis has a lot of de going in the first two rounds .
wisper was actually discovered by kingteka 's friend punkii bet kingteka wishes that didnt happen now haha .
one hypothesis is they would wait for midterm results of students in mm classes before making a decision determination
so they can steal langdons laptop and go to the sanctuary alone
waiting for a link or i have no reason to believe you lol
it is very hard but i 've defeated it 3 times .
i just stay in one place for most of the time and use the solar eruption .
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/9j94hm/see_ya_tomorrow_boys in r/fortnitebr was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in an automatic ban from r/fortnitebr .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
just adds to the salt and cancer on this sub and is a waste of time
you are in high school and i am in brooklyn !
seven reverie dawn gauntlets in a row after three weeks ... not a single chest piece !
sizable disposable income spent on collectibles which are precious to you .
orderly you spend a lot of time measuring researching thinking over the ikea catalog and maybe apartment therapy ?
i suspect you have a decent steam game list too .
personally i used a laser legion because it can hold multiple months worth of ammo and it has very good projection up to 40km which smashes anything that webs you .
ham loki tengu only has enough for a handful of c3 sites and you have to chase down the awakened upholders ?
lead 1150 def viktor 7★ fixed dice ribbon ifrit with plant killer
it 's still the office but it was erin .
thanks for the suggestion bro but unfortunately you are preaching to the choir .
i read that book about a decade ago and loved it and agree with all you said .
my brother 's wife who is good friends with my wife even recommended it in june to my wife .
i think i will pick it up again tho thanks for the suggestion !
the scene works in a ‘ i scratch your back you scratch mine 's ' kind of way .
therefore most of them getaway on basis of favours to each other .
i would so buy one if i could make it say frick or heck i say those more than fuck .
would op 's wife ever be open to making and selling these ?
we already missed that boat he has n't done 162 for a while now .
titan fall did n't die it was murdered then buried alive
personally i hate anal and think it 's a fad i let bf try a few times got it in a few inches felt terrible the vaginal penetration is the only think i like but some young women i know are able to open up easily and enjoy anal penetration especially if it allows there pussy to be stimulated in the clit i.e. a woman on her back it 's really about getting fingered and the male just places his penis tip inside your anus and can feel all the contractions of the vagina as he caresses it that 's what we do sometimes but it 's not hardcore anal . ''
i 'd term what we do kissing anal in the the penis tip just kisses the anus gently and may pop in just an inch all the while my vaginal lips and clit is being massaged with lubrications results in powerful orgasms for me and edging '' for the bf
any tips for how to get started with clay molding ?
i have heard of it being used to treat depression too .
this game just fell like a true metroid/vania updated to current generation .
actually being autistic enough to believe they thought this far ahead .
not exactly no but my dad out so many conditions on my 6th grade outdoor ed permission slip.it was like no .
its embarassing to be only kid in group who ca n't sleep on top bunk or has to carry own first aid kit .
i have uncommon black dieci and could add some keys
young jaylen got it bad cause he 's brown .
fuck with kyrie cause he 's a flat earther .
when you see scary terry you know you 're in danger .
with theis and aaron baynes-o dunkin ' on lonzo .
on the clippers with chris paul and the doctor .
when he played golden state he was going nuts .
and on the other hand without lebron the east ai n't done .
but it ai n't gon na be philly or raps at one .
the celtics are going all the way to the top .
they got ta new coach but they ca n't shoot threes .
yeah just watching that video ... how could you not sincerely question who your friend is as a person ?
i mean do people no longer steal then stab ?
you know the article is just basic info with no partisan spin .
its almost like the writer was capable of shame so just stuck to the facts .
i just adopted a 1 year old rescue girl who we think is border collie lab borador or border collie retriever .
plays but can also just lay down in the middle of the floor and chill .
so far she 's been easy to train and i 've taught her several commands .
you have such a chiseled facial structure and i really dig it .
i got my blood drawn until august 's end and i miscarried the first week of july .
if you do n't think it 's right let it go and move on with your life .
it 's the best thing for both of you .
best advice i ever got was take care of yourself first you 'll be better to everyone else yourself included in the future for it '' .
he 's 👏🏻just 👏🏻 not 👏🏻 that 👏🏻 into 👏🏻 you 👏🏻 asia .
how would that not be cheating if making out with other people is not okay in your relationship ?
for the future have real conversations with your partner about what is and is n't okay for your relationship .
there is nothing you can do if you 've already apologized and he does n't see a way forward except learn the lesson for your next relationship .
it does n't help anything it does n't actually make you feel better and it 's not going to convince him of anything except that you need to stop hitting yourself .
wow it 's really sad how brainwashed these people are they blindy follow anything the gop says .
i bought the nonstick insert and i love it mostly i use it for pasta and rice and cleaning is way easier .
whoever put the tip about vinegar in here is not kidding that works well !
brave man im sitting on the fence on this one still hurting from the muoplase
fate is very versatile largely because it 's focused more on narrative than number crunch .
is a setting/module for it based on an interstellar courier service think planet express from futurama but could be pretty easily adapted to just being in the run .
it just may not be as big a problem at the struggling d..
hearthstone is not necessarily a lot of money you can grind your way into most of the content .
it 's just odd because it said the game had completed installing .
and it installed the full game when i put in spider-man for the first time .
these awards need more honest participation from patients like this sub so it 's not so slanted from incentives from select lps .
did the venue have those antique couches in the last photo or did you rent those separate ?
did the florist do all the table garlands too ?
about how much did that cost if i might ask ?
i really want to do something similar on long tables !
its the nature of average snowboard waist widths that somewhere in the spectrum of turnkng your toes with toe straps will get put into snow .
thats prob not the board for you for that anyway
so maybe someone here would be interested in talking about this with me .
something i found odd that kind of made me question black knight 's ike echo viability is actually a quote from latest sakurai column .
'' this is because isabelle and villager have fundamentally different body types and personalities so we could n't have made her an echo .
all of her animations are different not a single one is the same .
ike and black knight are not the same height .
his armor also would make them have to redesign the entire character .
unlike someone like chrom where you really are just fixing hair face and clothes .
the general concept of the character still has these features just tweaked .
i think there might be more work than what sakurai is willing to put into the character without making it a brand new character .
i guess what i 'm saying is is the black knight on character design alone already too much effort for an echo and maybe sakurai is already unwilling to make him a unique ?
i do n't think out of all the crazy fan wants out there that black knight would be able to keep up in popularity .
if that is actually what is motivating character choices in this game .
i hate to be a downer but does anyone else feel like the mets will win the world series next year once david is no longer part of the team ?
i only think that because it would be a classic mets move
he 's definitely an authority '' when it comes to eating ice cream .
level and gear does n't equal drops hitting the required sb and luck do .
this remind me of my last year at school .
our classroom was side by side with the other class classroom .
it had thin walls like plastic but you could n't hear nothing .
my colleague started to make a hole on it as well with a pen then a scissor then his feet..
when it was closer to the other side we talked with the guys of the other room we 'd create a tunnel and so we did .
when it was done we 'd steal '' cases and other things from people as a prank and throw to the other class .
it was fucking hilarious until the principal got there and fucked us all..
american politics has made me incredibly cynical so i still think that the most likely outcome is that non-conclusive evidence is found .
the gop will say that they have done their due diligence and confirm kavanaugh with ease .
personally if there is any doubt it should disqualify him .
this is a life time position and should be held to a higher standard .
is there no others that are equally as qualified that could be instead nominated ? ?
his attitude and demeanor alone should be a disqualifying offence .
even justice thomas had more respect for the procedures then this guy .
the ones in the game are pretty vague aside from in ultra sun and moon which requires you to hatch 20 eggs and beat the game first .
however there are some online calculators where you just input your pokemon 's species stats and level and they 'll tell you immediately .
gave me an excellent starting point to begin a solid practice .
already seeing results after just a couple of weeks .
cooperate with an investigating does n't mean saying the person is guilty .
he might very well just say yeah i was with kavanaugh nothing ever happened . ''
i usually highlight proficiency when trying to do complex things requiring real skill ex i want to run up the wall and kick off it to grab the chandelier and swing above it and stay there to ambush whomever enters the room '' if the person is a monk or a rogue with a backstory in a circus or thieving or proficiency or skill in acrobatics or escaping or something like that i´ll have them roll with advantage and maybe 2 to dc .
other pcs roll with disadvantage and maybe a 2 to the dc .
anyone know if there is going to be a listening party that he 's going to live stream like his last albums ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
sitting a lot • boxer briefs keep me from sitting on my nuts .
on my feet • boxers let my boys hang free
throwing • compression jockstrap worn together to get the best of both worlds of support
as for boxer briefs i 'm almost exclusively under armour https www.underarmour.com/en-us/mens-ua-original-series-printed-boxerjock/pid1307038-473 ‘boxerjock ' series synthetic blend .
great fit the thighs do n't ride up no wedgies the boys have great support creating a nice bulge and your ass looks good in them .
if your a guy who uses the fly on underwear these are really easy for fishing the one eyed wonder weasel out and the weasel does n't wander about when you put him back .
what are those metal x plates that go above the board where the trucks are .
i tried to find them but i ca n't figure out what they 're called .
we do tease my sister a bit about that .
harper is one of the names that got way more popular for girls after he was born .
so i changed a few things but wanted to make sure it was n't gon na affect anything..
i took off ths tower case causs i have a computer right now and would assume i can just use that tower if i disassemble the computer i currently have right ?
also the computer is going to strictly be used for music recording no games or a thing like that so what would be the absolutle basic video card/graphics card i could have ? could i just use my current one ?
what 's this awesome guy doing in some crummy basement apartment ?
the mainhand is pretty solid but the offhand is probably the least cost effective upgrade you can make for ranged so i would get that later after p4e2s and sgb .
the spags thing was more dave wanted an excuse to get rid of him
my cat was either getting named alice or pringles but a coin toss decided on alice .
it definitely needs to get used still its too damn good !
i dont know any reward how can i get that ?
you could get res and manually make filters but they are n't adding filters
the good news is that james corden is almost definitely better looking than ed sheeran .
i went to a bunch of vendors but i missed the lularoe one .
you must be a big brother who never actually realized how much of an asshole you were to your younger brothers .
a mixtape of your favorite songs is not a good birthday present peter .
especially since i already hate all these songs because you play them too loud too late at night .
instinctively for a second jena tensed but nodded with a smile regaining her composure quickly .
they killed her brother by blood and as far as she was concerned they were to blame for killing her goodbrother as well .
however jena was sure she had seen this man around far longer and likely had n't been back to the north in sometime .
it would have been quite a ways to travel for you from the north to king 's landing but i believe i 've seen you around for quite some time .
if it has been more then a couple of years i must apologise for not speaking sooner she added with a smile .
apparently not being physically abusive to an autistic child in public makes someone a softie. okie dokie .
or do you guys see any flaws in it ?
was n't a tricorn but okay you tried take my upvote
i can fold my tongue back on itself in half
i think they do n't show blood so that the visual of bleeding status is more obvious .
they traded the big yellow flash for sparkles but a very obvious audio que .
what i would rather have instead is a unique monster animation for being ko 'd .
i doubt logic told such an in depth thrilling story with a crazy plot twist that has no form of symbolism or reason behind it .
i think the dude 's lifestyle sealed his own fate .
not like i wanted to see him murdered or really anyone for that matter but for those that acted shocked or started praising im posthumously.. c'mon yall .
this was pretty much the outcome be it this year next or the next .
when you openly taunt local gangs and carry yourself like you 're fearless.. someone with bigger balls and less to lose is always there tp challenge people like that .
world enough and time/the doctor falls/twice upon a time 9.5/10
the day of the doctor 9/10 note only this low because i tried to remove my bias of it being filled with so much good fanservice
ibo had the most depressing but probably most realistic ending .
i know but sadly currently i got a ton of real life problem and frustration cause like i legit lived off of league tournaments money prize and daily ladder money
thank you for the advice💕 i 'll try that !
i feel like there 's not really a bump per se but the angle at which my ear is so bizarre that it feels like a really thick layer of cartilage .
when i edit will i hv to tap b to switch to weapon ?
if this is your installer drive it might have read only access .
is this just a random usb drive that you used the creation tool on ?
is it plugged into a 3.0 slot before drivers are installed ?
if you do n't need it anymore you could format the drive then it will likely work
i mean how would anyone know how attractive they are ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/halloween if you have any questions or concerns .
the security of the burn address is a false dichotomy when assessing this idea .
at best reducing the money supply means the value that is described by money remains constant while the number of units that are represented by money is reduced .
this alludes to famous incidents where a commander having landed in a hostile country ordered his men to destroy their ships so that they would have to conquer the country or be killed .
once you 've burned your cash for wormhole tokens you have nothing but to commit to the new token .
if the wormhole token has a higher price wormhole arbitrage you can buy back the bch and repeat thus reducing the supply of bch .
the net result is still burning one 's boats .
as whoever has those token on the other side has nothing to gain by supporting bch and everything to gain by supporting wormhole .
wormhole cannibalizes the bch economy arguing over the false dichotomy of whether or not the coins are actually burned is irrelevant .
burning bch is like watching people burning books it does not create value .
some 'answers ' are just evasive counter attacks designed to mask the fact that the person does not actually know the answer to the question or is trying to hide the truth
i would list it as something that is in preperation in progress .
if you do n't an important feature will lack on your cv .
and by stating that it is in progress you are fully honest .
he 's more useful at lower ranks im assuming you 're a low rank since you 're still buying ops and he 's cheaper
tell me o wise one what she was actually referring to when she advocated universal health care . ''
a mandate that people buy insurance from for-profit insurance companies ?
those who can afford it that is the rest should just die quickly ?
yeah worst thing about ghosting is the unanswered questions ai n't it ?
not sure if they just ai n't in the mood or if there 's an issue they do n't have balls to confront so you got to stew in it
the republicans did n't care about oliver north reagan both admitting treason on national tv what makes anyone think they would care about rape money laundering emotional instability and blind right-wing partisanship ?
as long as they maintain their hold on power it is all good .
cultural differences probably it makes perfect sense to me .
i mean if the small talk is n't meant to lead to anything more substantial if there are no biscuits to get to then you might as well not say anything and just enjoy the silence and think about things .
because the way i see it the end result is basically the same either way .
i do n't know if you know how big a deal that is .
it was n't much but none of them were in my district except one .
jcpenny is not nearly as bad off as sears .
if you see they are going for heavy bio play know where your economy is relative to theirs .
if you flood lings blings with spore support you can handle it all day with no issue .
the tricky part is not falling behind as you know the terran is setting up their economy behind the attack .
it 's not a fast thing to learn but the key to beating it is good scouting good planning and adjusting to where the terran is at a macro level .
and no i 've never played ttt2 only ttt1 .
anne is definitely being inappropriate however i do n't think jack slept with her .
he 's given you nothing but transparency and is going so far as to record their conversation on his phone which seems a little extreme .
ultimately if your trust issues run this deep with jack based on his past behaviors it does n't really matter if he did or did n't sleep with her .
if he 's flirting with her and you do n't like it that 's enough to be upset .
but you either need to trust him fully or not at all and walk away from this relationship if it is n't working for you .
you seemed like you knew what you were talking about and i was hoping you 'd end up reading it and writing your thoughts
would the prov be interested in a bank of cambodia subsidiary be placed in the mong cai smart city ?
we believe that it would kickstart a better enplacement of financial services for cambodia .
wait are all of these actually in the kernel itself ?
i thought it was in the emails he sent but not in the actual kernel .
coming from someone that 's not very good with legend i think it 's the damage control trade off .
i roll the h/s every now and again but the runs that go the smoothest are the ones where all big bads fall super fast .
with h/s you are less likely to contribute to that .
there are arguments to be made for control but i think with the better players they end up being able to control just fine with more dps effective weapons .
that said if you clear legend just fine with h/s then i would n't worry who thinks what about any given weapon .
trump is incredibly insecure i 'm sure he 's mad that he 's even in someone 's head
d 's are using the rape allegations r 's claimed a president ca n't nominate a sc justice his last year in office .
they both had the goal of delaying a nomination until after an election .
my most recent one had a dream i was driving in am unfamiliar car on the interstate and the car was full my daughter was in it and i was checking the mirror for something and figuring some buttons out well 5 days later i 'm in a rent a car in the same part of interstate doing everything in the dream on a 29 hour drive to go on my first vacation in 5 years with my kid before summer ended .
not sure it would appeal to a western audience .
but if you get some hotshot white guy to play the lead like tom cruise in that samurai movie it would work .
i 'm seeing ol ' snappy getting treated like this everywhere and it just ai n't right i tell ya !
those things are stupidly bright when i 've mucked about with them i have them at 1/8th power and they are still bright just not blindingly so .
i 'm not sure what you mean by georgetown tx runs on coal power the city is 100 renewable and they 're working out a plan to pay homeowners to install solar panels that would feed into the city 's power grid .
that way the city would n't have to buy as much power .
edit i see you posted this over 20 times in this thread .
yeah i 'm having that sort of troubles wait how did you know lol
we are not determining guilt here we are determining the necessity of maybe finding out if he 's guilty .
the point is that the bar for guilt which is beyond a reasonable doubt does n't apply here because there has n't even been an investigation .
sort of really getting sick of seeing daily posts on r/wow from people telling me that i am wrong for liking something
had both in my off campus apt both are absolute necessities .
rojo is currently on someone 's roster rn but yeah and there is n't an ir slot in this league .
i think shes signed to one of those uk deals as i think shes still doing brittish indies
yep also got back into it with forsaken after only playing it 30hours or so on launch .
right if that was dolla sign that song could have been so much better
was thinking pure tacticals yer dont really like tanks but the apothacaries are something i forgot about.was thinking of running 2 squads of tartaros to run with carab into combat since they have the closest movement and running honor guard with loth .
what about the forgeworld character sirae for the ancient ?
so other then the scouts and razer back i like it
the dirksen senate office building is the second office building constructed for members of the united states senate in washington d.c. and was named for the late minority leader everett dirksen from illinois in 1972 .
i feel like it 's a dig at her 😞
i dont read mediums specifically just stumble on mostly js by randomly browsing web though ml is also quite popular
it does start at the top and look who 's at the top .
i appreciate the formatting and i 'm not trying to spoil anything but uhh ... you know what happens to guys named geoffrey right ?
only an insane person would go to multiple parties where they knew gang rapes of minors were occurring .
since she was an adult i 'm pretty sure that 's a felony as well .
strictly speaking it 's worker owned means of production which is not a bad thing at all .
it 's actually possible under a capitalist '' system as we know it .
imagine every company distributed their shares equally among the workers when they went public .
but anyway we both know thats not what most people mean by socialism .
so is it spending a lot of taxpayer money ?
well the usa spends 4 trillion a year on their military they 're not socialist .
some americans would say yes but if that 's true then socialism sounds like a pretty good deal to me .
is it nationalising certain industries and a minority of private companies like venezuela did ?
well that 's what ireland did during the banking crisis to keep the economy afloat and now they 're the richest country per capita in the eu .
it 's also what britain did with coal what the usa did with airport security what many countries do with aerospace firms .
i want to know what specifically is the bit of socialism that pushed venezuela over the edge because it seems to me that if it 's actually their social and economic policies then countries like germany and the uk are very close to total collapse .
hazard is amazing but do n't put him up with ronaldo or messi .
for all his ability all he needs to stamp his place is 1 .
it 's a lot of fun but chapter 3 the vague open world chapter just seemed to drag on til the party went north imo .
looking back there are some things i would have done differently most likely for the better .
i have done this for about 7 years now and still do it on a regular basis on a 900€ xc hardtail .
never had a broken bike or anything that ca n't also happen on a dh or others .
broke my derailer once dented rims and of course some unavoidable flats .
take heart my man it will be the best breakup of your life i do n't wish you any more breakups but you know what i mean .
i 'm not sure what your first question is asking .
do you mean can you calculate what map number you should be able to get to given a certain amount of favor ?
if so i 'm sure it is technically possible but as you say there are so many other variables that i think it would be very hard .
as for your second question i think you should be able to get to the current level cap between 1e12 and 1e13 favor if you have some good event champions and of course decent gearing .
less favor is needed to get to level cap in an event of course .
i mean when you open up the cellphone select a player from the lobby and select the send message ' it just opens up their profile on social club where you can send a message through there but it 's not the same and is much clunkier .
one interesting thing however is that you can read those messages if you open up a browser and click on the email page .
you can also compose letters from there i think .
all we see is a president who himself admitted to serially committing sexual assault refusing to order an investigation into a man credibly accused of such a thing .
you are the one denying due process by opposing a proper investigation .
this might sound dumb but what is a language exchange ?
i only speak english ... would it be silly if i went to one of these ?
it can kill a 125 corrupted heavy gunner in like 2 magazines a few seconds .
if you 're having trouble killing anything with it you 're doing something incredibly wrong .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
i think his issue in v3-5 was more that his emotions got the better of him since the possibility of kaito dying would fuck with shuichi as kaito was very supportive of shuichi and filled the void that was left when kaede died .
we do use listings to reach potential buyers on social media but it 's not necessarily targeted to solicit buyers for your house .
we need the clicks because even if they ca n't afford your house we will get their info and can follow up to sell them something else .
it 's kind of like baiting the hook ... you can catch stuff you 're not necessarily fishing for .
aside from ads we belong to fb groups and advertise amongst ourselves before the listing even goes live .
this sounds like a total sales pitch but it 's actually true when we say we sell your house twice ... first to the other agents then to their buyers .
we are constantly networking to see who is getting ready to list whatever kind of house because inventory is so tight right now .
if i want a house for my buyer i have to know when the delivery truck is arriving so i can grab it off the loading dock .
by the time it hits the display case it 's sold .
most important is that your house is priced correctly and that the listing is appropriate for your price range .
in my market we only use most of that for high-end properties but any listing agent worth their salt will hire a photographer and be able to write a decent description .
check the agent 's other listings and make sure that kind of stuff is tight .
i 'm not saying social media advertising is bad by any means but just make sure his whole game is on point and he 's not just using your pics for bait .
if you bothered to do a google search instead of consulting your conspiracy flowchart you 'd know that when ford went public feinstein turned the letter over to the fbi where it became part of their records .
the journalist who broke that story confirmed that was how he obtained his info .
i use to go for tokens but now that i only get players i know i want i do n't see a point in doing those flashback heavyweights etc sets .
after your behavior here i would have to be retarded to show you the respect you seem to feel you deserve .
you have done nothing but participate in bad faith from the start .
you push false narratives that you claim are supported by evidence but are unmatched by the sources you claim contain that evidence .
you make absolutely clear that you 're motivated to maintain the beliefs you came with .
you have no qualms with insulting the victims of rape .
i have made extraordinarily clear that i wo n't waste my time trying to convince someone who is dead set against being convinced .
i will and have shown the opposite courtesy to people who behave in opposite to you .
people like you are why rapists go free and rape victims commit suicide .
it 's hard for women when they start getting into their 40 's .
turned down kupp and collins for cooper and dj earlier today yes would have processed for tonight .
random first time user with first time post to reddit declaring ultra conservative views to reddit .
im just gon na bandwagon kc and la this year since the falcons are gon na finish under .500 since im sure sunday we 'll lose 3 more starters on defense to acl tears .
the real question is could you even get another line of credit at this point .
i 'm doubtful that will happen at this credit score .
do what you can to pay your cc 's down as much as possible live really frugally sell unneeded stuff donate plasma whatever you need to do or possibly consider a personal loan so your debt is bundled and you 're usually paying a much lower interest rate but again your score is so low i 'm not sure you could even get one .
in my experience not all motherboard manufacturers put their motherboard in static shield bags ... go on youtube too and check out some asus inboxing videos .
i 'm against kupp and goff and am losing by 90 right now .
i love how the new wreck it ralph lampshaded it .
i would do that though the problem is that i 'm underage .
the tip lines are right above where you would sign on the receipt anyway .
that 's a purty color and light it graced op with..
the throws goff is making in this game are out of this world
hi your submission has been removed because your account is new .
this is done to avoid spam from reaching the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/progmetal if you have any questions or concerns .
i am navtive american descendant from the sioux tribe but i do n't like letting my ethnicity or sexuality define me as a person .
i 'd rather be judged by my character instead .
it 's dramatically improved and i 've gotten more free kick attempts this year than all the other years i 've played combined .
i got some complaints but people do n't understand that a game with tons of fouls is awful to play .
rachel 's ig live for the old geezers that do n't have access to ig .
strange maybe it was all just misleading put in a support ticket ! ''
i 'll always upvote an alliteration title all the best with this one !
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
463 yards with 16 minutes to go ... 5 touchdowns tying a rams record career high yards for goff
now this is an entertaining game to watch for an afc fan .
they can still ask the questions but if there 's evidence of discrimination based on the answer then yes it 's possible it 's actionable .
weil jetzt heißt das was kannst du nicht einstecken dass da wer zurückstochert du spargeltarzan ?
oh hast du ja so herausgefordert die polizei ist ebenm nicht aufs maul gefallen .
tja das wandert in stapel a stapel a wird am ende der woche zum anwalt gegeben wenn da was geht dann macht der das .
tja das ist keine verfolgung sondern einfach eine prüfung hat der herr denn angst dass wir da nachschlagen ?
i 've never heard of hsas i 'll check that one out too .
can you tell me what kind of fabric you use here ?
no it 's the equivalent of being in low security prison talking trash about the biggest guy in a max prison starting enough shit to get transferred there and then being made into his bitch .
hey my little league baseball coach was a murderer !
he also ruined my interest in baseball sports in general .
tell your mom i 'll see her in hopkinton in 2020 .
not sure how to send pictures but i got the white and blue and they look just like the first photo !
this is what the league wants because this is what the fans like
give the phone number to me and ill spread it to about 100,000 marines .
i do n't have order history because i ca n't sign up with the email i used to purchase it because theres no verification emails .
you ca n't expect 3rd party apps to have already updated their probably free apps to fit the s4 screen yet .
it took a while for many apps to look good on the iphone x give this one a few weeks .
as for durability issues i work at a desk so i ca n't really say but i would n't be afraid to lift run play tennis or anything else with my watch on .
my cat has/had the same thing and the vet said it was an infection .
i 've been giving her antibiotic eye drops and it 's been going away .
it 's possible you 're reading more into it than is really there .
little indie darlings '' in a piece for arcade fire or lcd soundsystem ...
oh yeah well which direction does the sun set goff ?
yes at my table we sometimes so as well .
i 'm talking about people who mention doing stuff without their opponents rolling initiative
this is a sliding shutter for a webcam to ensure privacy because blah blah hackers or something .
i went many years without seeing one of this but then have seen at least three of these on this site in the last 18 hours or so .
oh of course he 's responsible if people did something but you ca n't do this preemptively .
i hardly do coop due to freezing issue now day solo all the time and all win but coop definitely more fun and relax lol .
1. get in with cleo blast rifle easy to use very long range powerful cleo battle axe no long blade because you need lots of stamina to swing the long blade deployable minefield x 2 deploy behind the wall as backup protection for technician
2. get all the repairkit 6 in total use 1 to repair the default broken wall another 5 put on floor near the middle wall .
3. get all cleo ammo x 4 and first aid kit x 3 and blast rifle put on floor outside the middle wall .
4. choose a rtx weapon to use it and get all the ammo x 4 with you short gun good but close range you need to run more to use this weapon machine gun and rifle can knockout z or kill them from distance but player need to have decent shooting skill
6. wave 1 to 2 just running around slice and shoot after wave 2 finish just drop your rtx weapon and ammo run like a dog for cleo drop only pick up cleo ammo bandage and explosive only !
go back to base pick up blast rifle keep 3 stack cleo ammo with you are enough the res of the slot just for explosive and other thing fix the wall if need else just chill beyond the wall while waiting wave 3 to start .
7. wave 3 try your very best to shoot these z with high accuracy dodge and shoot do n't wasting your time trying to multi shoot amour z to death 1 shoot them knock them down run to them slice the damn thing to death .
sometime it is good to let bloater die in front of the wall you can make use of these toxic gas to create a mega explosive with your fuel bomb .
use your fuel bomb do n't have to save them but do n't use on jug lol !
wave 3 done now drop all your remaining cleo ammo on floor go for cleo drop run come back fix the wall if need throw remote grenade in advance in front of wall randomly make sure you have 3 stack cleo ammo with you again wait for wave 4 .
wave 4 combat wise just rinse and repeat as above activate the remote grenade if need else keep for wave 5 wave 4 done drop all your cleo ammo do cleo drop run you may get some remote grenade again randomly throw them around the wall get yourself 3 stack cleo ammo fix the wall and wait for wave 5 keep repair kit with you from now on ! .
9. wave 5 fight like crazy lol activate these remote grenade when you see z are crowded on each wall blow the hell out of these z do n't keep it else going to be wasted .
once you saw wall down dont panic just run inside the base stay close to the technician protect him and now you can let the minefield do the magic work get a good timing to fix the wall if you can .
priority clear these small z and protect the technician jug wont straight away look for technician if you draw jug aggro please run away from technician and kill the jug as fast as you can otherwise just stay close to technician to clear small z around him .
wave 5 done fix all the wall before doing cleo run must get all the rocket pod and deployable minefield from cleo drop if you do n't have slot just drop cleo ammo i am sure you have more than enough cleo ammo for the following wave .
deploy minefield inside the base and get ready for next wave .
10. wave 6 fight like crazy again do n't worry about broken wall just fix them i do n't fix them if there 's just one wall down during the fight .
wave 6 done fix the wall and go for cleo drop come back get yourself ready for wave 7 .
congratulation you win this wave are so easy because small z are far lesser than wave 5 6 just clear these small z then only jug minefield will help hunt down most of the feral .
u/tstrand1204 is leading this one and he posted a schedule .
ask her if that 'd be ok go low key .
watch a movie drink some tea do n't pull any moves .
let her get used to you in a new format
special thanks to my girlfriend for bottling and labeling .
kavanaugh is clearly talking about senate dems building as much steam as possible behind he said she said ''
shit dude this much is clear even in the text you selected .
i think it 's often in reference to young men dying in wars especially like wwi
it 's free updated weekly is on literally every platform out there has millions of players everyday etc .
considering this game is free and more popular than minecraft was at its peak and minecraft is still very relevant today you tell me
every cadet here has a issued one with no firing pin in their room .
the wider one is any organism bred to have more desirable characteristics .
i 'm currently with my dogs surrounded by australian wattle and white eucalyptus in a nice patch of forestry and im in fucking spain literally anything surrounding me except for a few weeds has been bred for our benefit .
you can get 4k ma rights though by redeeming an old deadpool blu ray code using itunes .
doing so will give you 4k at vudu once they ever get it
i 'm absolutely not making that assumption but even if this guy is a brand new 90-year-old landlord he should know this .
if he 's going to go through the trouble to buy investment properties with the idea of making rental income it stands to reason that he would be expected to do familiarize himself with the rules and regs involved with being a landlord .
i do n't think that 's an unreasonable expectation .
also i never said that op should n't try talking to the landlord first .
a question was posed that asked why ca n't we just talk why go straight to 'legal stuff ' ?
and i gave what i believe in my experience is a reasonable explanation as to why someone would take that route .
source read the commenter 's question and answered to the best of my ability .
and then said these allegations were the worst thing since 9/11 — that whole implied threat from what we saw in the 2000s what goes around comes around.
he quickly backtracked in saying it was n't ill will but hey the dumb fuckface bush administration lawyer who found torture legally permissible just threatened 60 of the country in his opening remarks .
sounds like the best guy to have a lifetime job .
this had the peculiar effect of making russia the only country with alcohol free beer worth drinking .
slavery of the past does n't stop mattering because slavery still happens .
look at their faces each with a distinct personality .
unless you 're bringing hundreds of thousands of dollars to these offices those senators wo n't give a fuck what you have to say .
i 'm sorry for the cynicism but it 's hard to think that any shred of human decency still resides in gop senators after yesterday .
continue to function or proper despite something that could have killed you
continue to exist or live after something that could have killed you
traumatic tragic or harrowing '' does not carry the connotation of an appreciable degree of lethality .
one is a survivor '' of plane crashes and terror attacks not cat-calls and a pinched buttocks .
gaddafi was a prick but the nato campaign was a disaster for libya .
the most developed african country is now a salafist mad max set for christ 's sake .
if you want the one being used here finish an escalation protocol level 7 .
i would probably put the completed manga in my top 20 or so of all manga i have ever read .
that being said while the adaptation was fine the cgi parts were a bit much at times .
refusing to date someone because they are bi is just kind of ridiculous but completely unimportant in the grand scheme of things .
i have n't watched got because i 'll watch it when it 's over so i have you beat there xd p
yeah it is not that hard to make bite resistant armor .
knowing a bit about hema and armors used around the world there are many simple to make armors that would at least increase your safety a lot when fighting walkers
either that or we are actually going against actual players and someone is hacking .
u/lilyvess tagging you but i would n't be surprised if you saw the image before seeing my comment
same on xbox one x game is even crashing while idle .
no we do n't use the microwave we use the stovetop
i seek for speed low fees easy navigation and most of all security of my funds .
will try out ethershift and i hope its as great as your article says .
if she does n't see her behaviour as wrong then there is no hope in my mind .
great info thanks for sharing all of this ! ! !
i thought it was harmless but i guess it 's way more dangerous than i first thought .
you misunderstand ... not dying is very important especially when you have a lot of kills .
1 your opponents will get massive shut down gold from you .
2 because you 're the strongest member of your team if you die in a fight that fight is lost .
when you 're fed you have greater responsibility over the outcome of the game .
... and do n't play for farm or kda .
if you have to give up farm in a lane to avoid dying to a likely gank then do so .
brain-dead farm-till-you-drop wo n't get you past even gold tier .
also focus on what you need to do to carry not how bad your teammates suck .
you 'll frequently get shitters you just have to play that much better to compensate .
look i 've played in silver with my more casual friends .
in general teams are n't coordinated enough at that elo to shut down a fed opposing carry if you play well .
teams do n't really have that level of understanding until mid-plat .
if you 're below plat and complaining that your teammates are too heavy you 're lying to yourself you 're just not carrying hard enough .
then they fire the employee cause clearly if they 're not getting enough tips that makes them a bad worker !
but that does n't mean staying there forever is the right choice .
that 's clearinng not what im saying and are making false connotations .
i 'll never be able to look at s narwhal again without thinking about his balls .
the one on the left has so much makeup that it could give her cancer and the one and the guy on the right needs to try harder at being a girl
this game is balanced between one shots and cc to stop one shots .
it is unfortunate that there is n't much middle ground .
some good team-based middle ground heroes are like winston soldier sombra lucio etc who ca n't one shot and do n't really have the most cc but offer great utility .
composite longbows are also bugged and adding 1.5x strength to damage .
thank you so much for your response it 's actually extremely useful !
i 'm going to try my best to get everything alright then
i might contact you eventually so thanks a lot for that as well it 's really really cool !
all the best for your career and have a very nice day
it 's liked wow but single player and it 's a lot more action oriented it goes faster .
if you like action rpg grindy game ull love this .
i went from not being able to sleep until like 4:00 am and getting around three hours of sleep to just hitting a wall around 10:30/11:00 pm and sleeping until 7:00 am which seems great but i 'm still fucking tired .
fantastic game but the ending just seemed a bit rushed even if it did end on a pretty cute sequence .
i kinda want to get around to building demise/ruin irl as i need more completed decks irl but god some of those cards are pricey .
sidenote i 'd love to pick up the ultimate rares as i have a small collection of them but those two are rather pricey as ultimates .
i kinda wan na pick up thunder dragons when they drop as i have a half finished abc deck that i do n't really see the point in finishing anymore and i enjoy the way they play but i feel like they 're going to be insanely expensive due to hype prices and all that .
i found a slightly closer locals around an hour and a half as opposed to two hours but finding spare gas to drive that far can be a bit rough plus my only actively completed deck is toons with an unfinished extra deck which is liable to get utterly thrashed .
beyond all my issues i hope you 're all well .
a one off fee for the bundle and not individual coins is a nice feature .
yeah well all those things except birtherism are true so whatever lefty .
most of the posts there seem to be attempts to creat in group out group dynamics for absurdly small issues .
the first time na nakita ko yung isang fb page last week na may shinare regarding the sugar daddy '' post dito at nakita ko yung source nung post which is yung fb profile pa ni d i v e l na realize ko na shit 's about to blow up '' dito sa sub .
clinton won the elections popular vote within the margin predicted but the right has been gerrymandering districts for a while .
or and here 's a crazy idea nominate someone who is n't racking up accusations of sexual assault while refusing to investigate them .
there 's a pretty moderate conservative justice waiting in the wings you may have heard of who gop senators have already said they 'd support merrick garland .
but he wo n't elevate trump beyond the looming charges so i imagine he 's not to your taste .
and people who have more important things to do than learn scripting languages .
he leads the league in targets he 's definitely up there in wrs in redraft
your arms are about as big as the lo mein noodles your supposed to be cooking
i was in the same situation than you and i 've been in level 4 for months .
also reddit do n't downvote someone because he have an another experience that counter '' your opinion or what you call a fact .
i just think zimmer has to adapt his defense .
he 's a defensive wizard but his scheme is incredibly demanding all man coverage very little blitzing so on and so forth .
we 've got a great offense so when the d is n't healthy and balling we 've got to shift to a bend do n't break '' style .
we give up chunk plays because guys get tired and ca n't keep up their level of play all year .
smashed the top of my index finger in the door !
i ca n't drive and my parents are very strict so we do n't get to do as many chill date-times like they are doing .
we still hang out often and he puts plenty of effort into spending time with me .
i just really really feel annoyed when i think about those girls and i just hate the thought of him having such a good time with them .
that 's the ornament you got from pre ordering the dlc
i 've been feeling self-conscious and uncomfortable around drinkers .
aight so in listening to this shit i feel like this album is almost like a self referential later in the franchise rocky movie or something .
like creed is dope because it draws just enough from the past while being its own thing .
to me this album feels like hey guys i 'm still young sinatra ! ! !
references old lyrics see i remember the shit y'all liked ! ! ! ''
i hate how much he references bringing boom bap back ... instead of just bringing it back ...
i 'm also not really cool with blatantly bringing back old lyrics .
that could just be a taste thing i guess .
i usually like when artists call back old shit but it 's usually more subtle you know ?
i really fucked with his verse on stoney bob because it felt more free than anything he 's done in a long time imo .
i often feel like he tries to feed too many different crowds and he loses sight of what he really wants to do .
this lacks the charm of the og young sinatra and i do n't know why anyone would choose to listen to this over someone making music that feels authentic but i 'm sure his fans will eat this up .
side note in retrospect i do think it was the charm that made his older tapes worth listening to ... the young sinatra style is n't as great as i thought it was back in 2011 .
there 's lots of reasons people under 25 would be at the post office tbh .
while scrolling through the reddit feed i saved this post to read at a later time hoping it would help with the quest .
i just picked up a few magazine layouts and redid something similar in in design !
if you 're good with in-design it 's pretty easy .
i also purchased a layout from design aglow but i found it easier to make your own than re-design theirs to fit your needs .
use the guide to educate clients about photography and your business .
i have sections talking about unrealistic expectations of pinterest posing timelines lighting locations and a short history of the business .
as for albums the best way to sell them is to show them in person .
i find it amusing that he got enthralled by the fact that a political party would abuse the system to derail a nomination during an election year and so plans to vote in the affirmative because of that .
but oh his conscience is clear because he voted for democrat nominations without multiple pending assault allegations he 's really bipartisan .
the only republican who had a modicum of decency was sen flake who did n't go overboard with procedural objections and instead recognized the difficulty of such situations .
i have a feeling this was absolutely not the first time she pulled this shit .
problem was she did it this time on national t.v .
just think what she did when no cameras were around during those 5 years ... ...
listening to the first few logic tracks is just a reminder of how sugary he is .
logic seems like the nicest guy but man his music has no teeth
and i 'm not happy if i 'm not winning .
and i 'm a whiner and i keep whining and whining until i win ''
i do n't mind reforging and keeping 2-3 sets of gear around for different specs/situations .
what i do n't like is everything on the gear i am juggling is super underwhelming .
it 's not the managing of sets that bothers me it 's the fact i have to juggle sets that all feel meh and pale in comparison to what they replaced .
the traits system just feels like paying king crab price for imitation crab meat .
you ca n't have tax-funded ubi and total demographic collapse as most developed countries are experiencing .
people tend to check their pockets when they see or hear such a warning ...
... which makes the pickpockets ' efforts more rewarding .
yea obviously if he had sex with a boy that would be gross to the gop
lolllllllllllll on the back of lebron james carrying your ass tt
there are a lot of them on mandarake for around 1k yen
i encountered what i think might have been a hoarder situation on my first night out tonight .
i live in lubbock so there are quite a few areas filled with college kids .
looked and looked for two that had a 14 bounty .
one was in an open garage with guys messing around in it .
the other a few streets over was behind a fence visible from the street .
i watched them all evening both vanished from the map right around midnight .
i realize i 'm completely new to this but how do people get by with monkeying with the system this way ?
also i love there 's no reason for it '' .
there 's no reason for a wr to ever drop a pass or a qb to ever miss a throw '' .
the reason is that they 're human beings trying to judge tiny little intricacies in real time from often a strange angle .
if we want perfect officiating we need to change the system altogether not the officials themselves .
this is n't a problem of improper motivation it 's a problem of human beings trying to judge something that has a relatively high margin of error .
really like the way the camera moves with this wish it was this way in the first game .
there is so much rage based content on this sub i 'm getting less likely to visit .
it is fine when it is real but so much of the content seems like it is meant to provoke instead of inform .
it is known that esl is going through tough times financially .
so other hosts stick with better streaming services because they can afford to do so .
csgo 's circuit runs in an open-market format unlike some other games like overwatch which runs in a closed circuit .
there 's a huge discussion around which business model is best
this is a repeat scenario of the public lynching clarence thomas received you racist piece of shit .
you can have your opinion but please offer some discussion points perhaps why you think something is op rather than just stating it in your title alone .
hell no to ninth degree dude you really and i mean really have to get a mouse with at minimum an integrated control and you better bet your sorry ass that you also should really and i mean really change the os settings c'mon bro get a rock under your feet i mean really and i mean really
been going to the smoke pit for years ... got a must promote and made tsgt .
doing from example.abc import hello in xyz.py gave me this
i thought you were correcting a typo and was wondering how i fucked up that word so badly .
their not concepts it was full 3d tenders give out to the press and content creators .
their parts are also present in the fortuna trailer .
i 'd love a sort of 'super-upvote ' that would also notify me of responses to the comment .
for when someone asks a question that i also want the answer to .
well you dont have to open a shapeshift acc to trade there
because once the online servers are inevitably taken off it 'd be nice to still have the option to play the game just in single player mode .
i 'm sure a majority of us would be able to define a time we had too much to drink by our own standards .
if you are n't familiar that would be drinking to a point that you have large gaps in memory have a severe lack of inhibition loss consciousness in and out or completely .
this can be pretty close to the line of fatal alcohol poisoning for many people .
i 've been to plenty of aa meetings in support of family members and a few friends to know the difference between those .
really though ca n't really tell anywhere close to for sure from this photo .
snails and slugs are common culprits but they usually leave smooth rounded holes and these are a bit jagged .
thank you newguys2020200 for creating a bank account in r/memeeconomy !
implant grade has a very low amount that is n't enough to bother most people but if you know for sure you have a sensitivity you 're better off sticking to titanium which is completely nickel free .
wait are they cute anime girls with dicks or cute anime people who look like girls with dicks
call it 10 kg for a nice whole number .
you can start estimates by number of cells x cell weight x 1.1 or any factor you want for extras .
one of the stores even told me people would call daily asking if bt was in stock
that may be just a quick way of checking to see if the truck from sazerac 's distribution channel has come in yet or not presumably all bt products available would be delivered at the same time without going to the trouble of asking about multiple different bottles by name .
if i were chasing trucks which i do n't i 'd ask about the most common product so as to avoid missing out if the employee who answered the phone did n't recognize the other bottles by name or was sick and tired of giving out answers and ca n't be bothered to even look blanton 's ?
odd thing is er i can find almost any time .
i noticed that too as mentioned above i think it may be too oaky for most people .
check my deviantart two one and a half of my other ocs also have emblems
zclassic is current at 3.81 with only 300k volume 24h listed on 4 big '' exchangers .
anon is current at 0.79 with a volume over 250k volume 24h list on 2 big '' exchangers .
notice that anon 's circulating supply was n't updated yet and all not clammed coins will be burned january .
0.79 is really good on the current market and available data about circulating supply
that 's a lot of travel time between places but i ca n't hate on any of your food choices .
r/massivecock now provides you with the opportunity to find someone to play with your massive cock .
you are encouraged to include your location and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
if interested please include your general location age and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd probably sell the towers like the tack zone inferno ring and ultra-juggernaut .
at this point with the amount of ramping they 're only going to be tickling the moabs .
but be sure to space them out and put some on close and some on strong so that they 'll target different moabs and be able to stall more at once .
yeah i 'm gay and when graham said to kavanaugh
i ca n't imagine what this has done to you and your family . ''
my first thought was yeah that 's because nobody would ever believe that you would initiate heterosexual sex with or without consent . ''
it 's not like they 're going to win any games anyway .
might as well get the young players some experience .
thanks for making it look like i did anything at all .
i get pretty nuclear farts on account of all the coffee i drink
it was n't a bad game just not as good as the others .
i do n't have an n7 sticker but my bikes got gears of war halo and naughty dog developers of uncharted and crash bandicoot .
it literally shows you how to call a function that does sentiment analysis on text and send it as a response in a route handler .
i mean you could make a nice shitty app that shows an emoji for the entered text if you map score ranges to emojis .
just look up the emoji for the score in the response and throw the text into a dom element .
it 's how to not give a fuck not how to never give a fuck
professors at r1 schools are evaluated mostly on their research ability and relatedly ability to get grant funding .
to get hired at an r1 you need to be the best of the best and being the best of the best at research requires sacrificing a lot of other things not necessarily but often does .
there is little incentive for the researcher or for the school to care that much about teaching .
there are almost no financial repercussions to either if teaching is bad .
i was a qb and got playing time in 3 games when the starter went down .
we played it really conservative and relied on our defense and i game managed the team to a few wins while relying on the running game .
that being said i think i could put up 300 yards and 3 touchdowns on this defense
might take a while with just my mouth but i 'm up for it 🍆💦
remember husker fans we have buthane-cookman on the scheduled ...
why ca n't they criticize obama he ran one of the most corrupt administrations in history .
he divided the country spied on americans and weaponized our institutions against his political opponents .
he should be in jail not running his mouth like he is still relevant .
you really get mad over a couple of conservative commentators being critical of hussein ? ?
is it because the middle of the country is fleeing your party and you are afraid they might like what they hear ?
right which is why the ottawa senators absolutely wo n't see any decrease in ticket sales this season now that ek is a shark .
and why the coyotes attendance never dropped when the team struggled to put together a good roster .
or why the hurricanes ' stadium is just as packed now as it was in '04 .
i 'd sooner buy a ticket to watch carey price stopping sidney crosby while wearing a potato sack than to see some echl 3rd liner play with the ch on his chest ...
i 'm imagining that she only turned that lamp to the wall to protect your eyes 😢
i do n't know what that means i 'm a technology ignorant old man .
but if it means linking it or increasing its visibility somehow then absolutely .
those who invested from the start will they get some bonuses ?
i dont know if he is really making 1 million but wand is a star in brazil most because his pride fights pride was really popular in brazil .
wanderlei is one of the few mainstream fighters in brazil .
not that it 's a bad thing but the fact the donald trump won the presidency .
i mean the whole thing is set up so anyone can run and anyone can win .
add the appropriate link flair to your post after submitting .
change it to include the link flair tag like news new rider !
check the full rule documentation for the list of flairs we have .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kamenrider if you have any questions or concerns .
had a lot of fun keep up the good work !
there are at least 4 problems with that bright idea .
it 's actually called artresin and i got it from michaels .
ecopoxy was what i originally wanted to get but it was expensive and hard to find in my area unless ordering larger quantities online .
i 'm considering starting a kickstarter to crowdfund from the tesla fans to pay elon 's fine .
i would n't use the money to pay the fine obviously .
but if nobody is profiting out of their stupidity money is being left on the table .
plus they 're trying to reach feature parity and some amount of interoperability between bedrock and java .
to that end at least reproducing in vanilla java edition the plugin capabilities they are adding to bedrock should certainly be a priority .
i doubt we 'll ever see cross-play compatibility but there 's no reason datapacks including json files for custom crafting recipes and mob behaviors and the rest of the plugin capabilities could n't be compatible .
if the only suffering that ever came into the world was from us choosing evil things that would create a difficult problem .
we would very quickly be conditioned into picking our good outcomes as a natural reaction to consequences being conditioned like dogs .
the negatives in my opinion are the lack of a center knurling and dual markings for powerlifting and weightlifting .
other than that the bar spins amazingly and i find the knurling similar to the dhs training bar .
i 'm not experienced enough to comment on the whip though .
okay so i have been doing new testing with winmtr and traceroute .
ran the winmtr test while in a custom game with bots ran the test for about 15 minutes to observe .
i grabbed the line which had the highest packet loss .
ran traceroute found the same line and it had an ip address following it .
i searched the ip address and it 's blizzard entertainment 's server located in paris france .
i think this is the particular server giving me problems .
i have spent 50 hours in the last two weeks trying to find out what 's wrong with my fps and network .
i do n't know what else i can do with my internet but perhaps someone here knows .
is it normal to be sending and receiving packets to a server in france while i play in the ord1 server ?
even if you only draw in the notes you learn to think like a piano player which is crucial to make it sound organic and interesting .
on another topic we could also use this use their tactics against the conservatives '' tactic with religion start a god loves gays church get tax benefits govt protections and then sue people who refuse to bake wedding cakes for gays because their religious liberty '' oppresses our religious liberty . ''
both sides should should prolly figure something out cus this is getting annoying .
a short story which you should read first inspired by the rock paper shotgun article heather and me https www.rockpapershotgun.com/2008/04/09/vampire-bloodlines-heather-and-me nsfw by kieron gillen .
or his apartment rather which began with his sleeping room the front room .
on days he would bring home dinner or 'guests ' he would lay them down .
on they slept as he continued to drink from them their delicious rum .
but not conscious enough to drown in the pain .
laying where they stood until the break of dawn .
only then would he allow them passage out of his realm .
this day was different for there was no lady with him .
and no one else to care for that matter .
perhaps he should have left her like a shattered bottle of wine .
it mattered not since the deed was already done .
not much choice for her though she may not have realized it .
besides who 's to know what thoughts and assumptions ran through that pretty little head of hers ?
she heard the elevator ding and knew he was coming .
by time he got to the door she was already over the balcony and on the wooden floor .
and with a smile so sweet she awaited his commands .
the man found her behavior unusual and wondered about it .
the girl 's eyes widened as she inhaled deeply with relief after having heard his seducing voice again .
'' i 'm just glad to see you after so long .
i could n't think of anything else while you were gone .
as the days turn into weeks he realizes the strangeness of her .
desires that seem to grow stronger with each day .
while contemplating on top of the highest tree in a vacant park one night .
he inevitably asks himself the central question of all '' what am i doing ?
you should not be afforded the right to call yourself a conspirator if you ca n't see that .
who else here is big fan of american pie bases-ball coors vodka and mcdonalvich 's ?
revelations never gets enough love possibly my favorite of the series but i loved all the ezio games .
i 'm part of the minority that loved the lore of those who came before and the modern day part .
black flag was the last one i played though .
after desmond died and they went to the 1st person modern day perspective with little advancement of that story i threw in the towel .
i fall into the trap of self pity too sometimes .
there was a chick that flirted hard with me at work not a workmate last year .
we went out on traditional 'nice guy ' dates where i only kissed her .
the forth date she was hinting at sex in her ford expedition .
my brain totally did n't get it because of fapping to porn .
we went out a couple more times after that but she clearly gave up and friend-zoned my nice guy ass as tried to hard to get sex and came off as boring and desperate .
i finally stopped all communication with her six months ago .
everytime i read an article about 'betas ' and 'nice guys ' boring women to death it feels like being kicked in the chest .
good part is that i 'm no longer that 'nice boring guy ' .
but still i missed out on lots of pussy and sometimes i do get depressed thinking about all the hot pussy i could 've had and what she must be thinking of me .
do n't let the self pity make you relapse .
reinstalling origin worked for me it does n't delete your game only the client it went from details '' button to download '' .
but the download button did n't work so i had to enable safe mode in origin and then it worked .
everyone 's piling on but the usage is confusing .
saying it 's inverted upside down can read as it is inverted by being upside down .
had it said inverted and upside down '' it would have been more clear .
there 's a forzathon live event that puts a ramp right next to it
this one absolutely requires a bunch of mk and even then a solution took a long time for anyone to find .
i think mk should be either be all on or all off on ac 's without regard to what you 've unlocked .
someone making shit up to stir up resentment toward rape victims on reddit ?
keeping your distance in a behemoth fight has obvious advantages – one being that your organs are more likely to remain in your body . ''
dauntless is the one game where the patch notes allways crack me up i really love this !
i 'd agree except that op is only at ceres .
that would realistically leave only rhino and banshee as possible frames that could be acquired out of those suggestions .
frost would be a good tanky frame if they get lucky with an alert mission rewarding a neural sensor .
otherwise neural sensors are locked on a planet behind the hijack mission that op is stuck on .
personally would n't suggest banshee as an option for hijack because of the difficulty regaining energy for an early star chart solo player in addition to her being frail with lowered shields .
however sound quake is quite effective but will quickly chew through their energy reserves because efficiency wo n't be too high .
the point of rule 12 is to keep people from doing nothing other than spamming their own content .
you 're active here in other threads so you 're a part of the community not just using it for advertising .
i have n't had a chance to watch the video yet but it has kiev and anime in the thumbnail it 's probably gon na be good
also i am formerly from sacramento i miss it .
sport goofy is not quite the same character as mickey 's friend or max 's dad .
he 's an identical figure intended as a generic everyman .
before he was branded as sport goofy he was often referred to as geefy george or george geef .
is this the first time it 's been lit in awhile ?
diva is just a good tank why does it have to be the kind of synergy you described .
i find it to be very helpful at time to sorta split up a team into half dive half normal .
having a rien and supports and one dps holding the front line in a choke and having the other dps and fav go around back to maybe get a tick or just draw the enemy away from the choke .
he was n't the right fit did n't have the right skillset to blend in karpathy has probably an entire cadre of ai research students working for him on his team now and the rest is history .
she gifted me my player 's handbook too lol .
i thinks it 's a hint she wants to make a giant faery campaign .
well there goes my night now i 've got a big case of fomo .
is it really as good as everyone makes it out to be ?
i will dig in that and see what 's best for me .
i want it to be online so i have to make sure everyone see the same thing
i have to completely change the controller scheme for this game .
you should be able to change it on the blu ray itself .
it sucks big time and even more so with cptsd on top .
i was n't surprised when i read the fatality rate from suicide for people with invisible illnesses is 25 .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
he became a communist in the hopes of abolishing the concept of debt .
you would have gotten to 30 with just 2 extra levels ?
it was at that particular moment that i realized i made a terrible mistake . ''
i 'm not engaging in anything dirty or bad by having it .
i engage in the kind of sex i want when i want .
i do n't care about what people say women should be interested in especially not in our current pornified society .
can we get a more dramatic gender reveal next time ?
so just to be clear you can reach divine without understanding hero timings item builds counters and what your class is supposed to achieve in the match .
what are you then practicing to achieve this mmr lane mechanics game mechanics ?
i think you ca n't really utilize one side without the other .
i read a very interesting article about transmen becoming fathers .
so yah for many it still has a use .
i meant how many meals did you make total ?
thats still loads of work and crazy impressive to have that dedication
there 's nothing i hate more than someone who says nice words to your face and shittalks you behind your back .
this feels like a bank issue and not an internet issue ...
sometimes at lower ranks they do it to fuck around
unless its like 20 inch and above there 's plenty of china brand tyres available .
that performance was like the culmination of the craziness of that era
mayos ca n't spot a drug deal when they see one .
they ca n't even model turret rotation realistically and you want them to make physically accurate sounds ?
it was my understanding that she had the priest from her church come not the hospital chaplain .
her friend worked at the school attached to the church that 's who got the priest there .
edit to add that if it was an up an up situation of an emergency baptism then i would imagine her friend would n't have had to arrange it for her .
it 's not near mckinley park but thai coconut on t street in southside park is pretty damn good in my opinion
i 'm already on the josh allen hype train ... but no need to trash tt
especially bad as he is touching his earpiece while making the call to the timekeeper .
either way clearly it did n't matter that much if he didnt do it in his next movie .
she kept changing her mind about what questions she wanted to keep i was like girl 🙄 .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i 've seen 2 ex in my 200 hours playing lmao .
well firstly are you trying to say that governments haven't used proof of political affiliations to further the goals of tyrants and idealists ?
secondly we have more guns than people in the united states violent crime has been on the decline for the past 30-40 years .
there 's little to no correlation between current gun control efforts in blue states and public safety .
their idea of gun control is less about public safety than it is to make it so difficult to exercise your rights that you simply choose not to .
whether it 's a matter of financial burden or a lack of time away from work or unattainable pre-requisites .
would you be so quick to defend the idea of placing birth control or abortions behind similar barriers ?
or should we implement wealth and education thresholds on the right to vote ?
quite frankly those who desire gun law reform have really shot themselves in the foot in this respect .
by pushing reactionary laws that do n't affect criminals but rather target the law abiding they 've used up what little good will they had .
the idea of compromise '' is gone replaced with a demand for concessions .
i mean you have politicians pushing nonsense laws that they have no familiarity with like the infamous shoulder thing that goes up '' .
it 's like watching a 90 year old white dude try to legislate vaginas !
cool i 'll add lake cal to my list of my first pick does n't pan out .
i 've never fished lake cal but the river has been on my radar .
is there an area of the lake you recommend ?
if you want a new technology to catch on everything has to start using it .
tigrex is my worst fear all time just imagine it charging towards you i might shit my pants
that still does n't help the rest of the people stick in the game because if someone is backfilled soon enough the game can be won
whipped should be the red one and handprint should be the purple one .
i mean jfc did these people even think about the names ?
why would we play anyone but trayveon back there .
you 're saying this as if it is hard to imagine .
i remember when i binged the manga cause i was tired of waiting for each episode to release .
keep going i hope you 'll enjoy it more and more !
if those allegations were unfounded i 'd definitely still go with my favorite especially when if i delayed someone else would be in power to pick someone i did n't like at all .
i also fail to see how a presumption of innocence is a bad thing outside the courtroom ?
if its not a good thing why do we use it in court ?
if it is a good thing why not promote it 's application to all areas of life ?
you can up to level 325 or to a lesser extent 340 .
if you play so much that 340 is useless then your other gear rises much faster than your azerite because there are fewer ways to get higher level azerite .
literally every other slot except neck and azerite keeps improving with farming though .
i 'm not sure why this is broken '' exactly though .
your neck piece also caps put and can not be easily raised past a certain point .
no matter where you are on the gear apectrum though there is more gear you can keep getting
the main issue i 've really felt with a ilevel 347 toon is the bag space for lots of azerite .
if i need to keep a zillion of them to and match then i really wish it had a dedicated storage manager for them .
my answer is i just trash the ones i 'm not using .
more gear keeps coming so it 's not that big of a deal if you lose something that would have been marginally better in tandem with some other gear that is still an upgrade even if it dorks up your overall setup .
they had major ps3 games coming out like the last of us but that still did n't stop them from releasing a new console .
tier 5/6 role pref 3 but i can 4 or 5 aswell
well that is a very childish thing to assume sorry but there are not written guarantees for anything relationship related .
that a loved one will break your trust at some point in a relationship is something all of us have to live with because humans are very faulty creatures by definition .
so if you send nudes you are always at risk of getting yourself in an awkward situation .
it is all about the mindset like i wrote you in another comment that you downvoted right away because you are hurting i get it it happens .
if you play that game you risk getting owned by someone you thought was trustworthy .
seems like you have learned a valuable and very basic lesson now which is that you are not the kind of person that likes to send nudes because you are scared of the repercussions so in the future just do n't do it anymore .
also do n't blame it on a manipulative ex blame it on yourself for not thinking about the different possible outcomes .
you are a grown woman and you could have just said no i do n't like the idea of sending nudes because i am too scared of what might happen if something between us ever goes wrong '' .
would he have made a scene you should have just dumped him because there is no point in wasting your time with people who ca n't respect your opinion .
people need to learn to be less naive and stick to what they believe in no matter what .
this looks like the maltese falcon and according to the website she has a maximum speed of 19.5 knots http www.symaltesefalcon.com/about.php .
if it were an adpost it would be a violation of rule 5 .
this was meant to show love for asuna and nothing more .
however bs it has as far as i know no supers .
are you playing on the switch or the tv ?
i been playing on the tv and it 's smoother than the switch
i actually came into this thread hoping to see tl tear it up but most of your fans just really suck .
gon na have to take a hit before hazard rips saints a new one next week .
when i think cfa i think asset mgmt trading portfolio mgmt .
70 is the national average for women it 's something like 77 years .
i 'm excited to see him healthy next year and what kind of numbers he could put up on both sides of the ball
yeah same i went from 1.4 kd to 2.4 this season but i keep getting fifty partied every top 5 situation .
even if you win the fight another guy is gon na come and get you while you 're have no health .
a true liaramancer knows this ... ..it 's me2 liara that makes me withstand her in me1
how about everyone takes a hit for the team and we have sex twice a day ?
please sign in triplicate this will be good until the bottom portion the revoke clause is turned it .
i 'm kind of seeing canada slide towards a similar path .
it could be because where i live is a hotbed of shitty racist misogynistic shitheads but it seems like the extreme right is making advancements .
the best part about season 4 is that it brought dahrkrhkh into the arrowverse so he could join lot .
for real though my discord server agrees that that 's what it is
as i understand it you ca n't sue for slander for anything said in the senate floor .
the speech and debate clause provides absolute immunity for congresspeople from liability for things they say on the floor of the congress but i 'm not sure that applies to other people like ford .
harry reid claimed romney had n't paid taxes in ten years and after romney lost he pretty much said he made up the whole thing .
it 's a shame they can get away with bs like that but they kinda need immunity for stuff they say in the senate .
is ben davis gon na get in this game ?
also how odd it is that i have the same pencil box .
just putting it out there i do n't think that umbrella 's gon na be very good at stopping rain
they usually invaded during the fighting season the war would drag on into the winter .
impa is iconic to the entire franchise as a whole .
just because her looks change does n't mean she stops being important .
toon zelda is a terrible addition an adult link does n't even exist .
it 's just regular link like all the other regular links .
how about somebody that is n't in the triforce trio instead of 2 of everyone
i had a crazy mean art teacher and she would get mad at every single thing .
i told my buddy that her earrings reminded me of super man and said they were super earrings. he sort of overheard and thought i said stupid earrings. she did n't believe me when i told her what i actually said even when everyone else agreed .
lucky that it was taken care of so well by you buddy !
if you lack any a friend queen/ace can suicide for the esper .
i always thought cornrow conor was a genuinely badass look but alexander gustaffson conor from the aldo fight is n't bad either
anon exterminated that thot like the true gamer he is !
my mother died at 53 all of my grandparents died before i was born i think in their mid-fifties i have had several aunts and uncles all die in their mid-fifties .
i think my dad is the oldest person in living memory in my family at 64 years old .
and based on interactions with him i 'll be shocked if he makes it more than a couple more years .
a lot of people on here just do n't seem to follow the rules .
yeah it sucks for him if we assume he 's in innocent and she 's lying but that 's not innocent until proven guilty .
but she gets that doubt too and the chance that this actually happened is enough to move into a different nominee .
it sucks if he 's innocent but he 's not entitled to the position it 's not his right and lots of people have tough breaks he just happened to avoid any until he was nominated for the supreme court again assuming he 's innocent there 's a well above 0 chance he 's not and is getting far less than he deserves in punishment .
that 's not the way juve plays and they 've never played like that .
that 's the reason why higuain did n't score as money goals as he did at napoli .
you do n't think europe was innovative after the fall of rome ?
you know the term the dark ages is more myth and faulty history than fact ?
got excited this kaptainkristian 's new video and thoroughly disappointed
i 'm pretty sure it was a bit not sexual harassment
i 'm considering benching david johnson this week for bernard and flexing either fuller or ridley as i expect that falcons/bengals game to be a shootout .
i 'm kind of confused with that to do with david johnson atm .
great art but when the hell is al gon na implement melee ships ?
ugh i could n't even imagine asking that of my bridesmaids !
i told mine to just please get a burgundy dress and if they all could possibly decide on a similar length i would appreciate it but other than that they have free reign so they can stick to their budget and pick a dress they will wear again .
also who has that much for a bachelorette party ?
i noticed there were n't any user reviews on it
if they do n't speak english how will they read this ?
for all the smelly things i rely on r/fragrance but they do n't know this one either !
was in hs biology learning about genetics and punnet squares .
i was curious about my blood type so i called up all of my grandparents to see what theirs were to try and work out the problem on my own .
my mom 's mother has o and her father has a .
i was very confused explained it to my grandmother but she insisted .
i then put it together but i was like 14 and did n't know what to do so i keep it to myself .
anyways my grandfather has been plagued by health issues for years and the day after i talked to granny she called my mom and said hey you should visit .
i 'm not sure what happened but the last day in town apparently my uncle and grandmother both tell her that granny has stepped out numerous times on grandpa .
it should be noted here that my own personal belief is that granny would be diagnosed as having clinical narcissism .
it should also be noted gramps had a vasectomy years before my mother was born .
mom does n't talk to her mom for like a year or two .
grandmother never says any names or anything so i do n't actually know who my grandfather is .
my mom has rationalized it in her head that the man who raised her is her biological father .
okay whatever that 's the man who raised her and loves her .
my mom and her mom 's relationship has somewhat normalized though i think there will always be that grudge .
to make a long story short i accidentally created an incident which caused a huge rift in the family and let my mom know she is the product of an affair .
i still feel awful just thinking about it and to be honest i 'm not sure if anyone else knows that i was the impetus of this .
with having fake money laying around i 'm hoping my subconscious will accept that i am a money magnet and will attract the real thing
i was always a dominos ' fiend and for some reason i thought apache was pizza with a bbq sauce instead of tomato-based sauce but i was wrong .
however i still maintain that dominos are the king of the processed takeaway pizza !
you have absolutely no evidence of that so you are falsely accusing her which shows what a hypocritical piece of shit you are .
and the other kid is terrible but that 's has nothing to do with society judging him unfairly .
so yes everything you are saying is completely idiotic .
you 're just choosing to defend men '' because you feel threatened .
this happened to me with water filters for my fridge .
amazon vendors pull this garbage but so do independent websites .
one in particular got me great price onen month and sent me an email for one-click reorder .
that reorder was double the price and they sent me a coupon code for 10 off .
search the website some more and they were selling the same filter under a different sku for what i paid for the first one .
for you are amazing from deep within in you core .
it was was n't but there 's a very good possibility that could happen now .
or she 'll claim the dog pulled it out again when really she pulled it out herself in order to try to get a surgical tube quicker .
so you 've been wasting weed longer than i 've been alive ?
that and he is a rapper so he 's probably used to moving in a similar way while rapping
nbc could fully embrace the synthwave/outrun style in the show .
detecting posts based on content is hard and lacks hard-lines .
most people agree here that spam is bad as well .
'you ca n't get benefits if you 're here illegally '
when she is older in high school way way harder to impose boundaries
also you ca n't tell another parent what your daughter ca n't do not tv or internet in their house — that is crazy
not as a punishment but as a matter of just living .
prob with that is everyone is cut off advantage with that everyone cut off true you will all sleep better
my kids only because good st getting themselves up after they left for college sad but true .
how much screen we 'll no screen at all unless she needs the computer for homework purposes have a no screen at all is simple no different rules for different types of screen computer phone etc .
in terms of size it works so i do n't see a gameplay problem with it .
i worked on several projects where i collected data from human test participants .
i collected everything from kinematics to electrophysiological recordings where raw datasets can be several gb .
one i collected and analyzed accelerometer data during living conditions and another where i 'm involved in a large-scale electroencephalograph with almost 500 people worth of data collected .
i used statistical techniques from the lowly t-test all the way to multiple regression and bayesian techniques with mcmc .
the general consensus here is that college advisors do n't usually have the best advice when it comes to law school admissions .
i would search this sub take a look at spivey consulting blogs or even speak to a law school admissions consultant .
general consensus here will be retake lsat and try to get scholarship from there .
gpa is great and if you have to wait until next year to apply in order to get your lsat up enough to cash in 50k or more in scholarships it will be extremely beneficial for you financially .
edit apply this year and see where you stand .
if you do n't get the offers you want you can get a job or not and bump that score up and go wherever you want next year .
i 'd say you 're fine to go once you get comfortable .
it 's not unusual to see people go shirtless in the gym even with ac .
i legit thought this was a nick game about spongebobs replacement snail when i first played this
nice timing to announce that after having secured the 8th consecutive title .
it 'll be even funnier if the conservative party fail to notify the ico that the breach occurred as well .
that would be another fine of up to 10million euros or 2 of global turnover on top of whatever they get fined for the actual breach .
it should match what her passport says to avoid any issue .
in this photo she kinda looks like eliza dushku in bring it on .
every stat you have shows in the status menu just r1 to get to the screen with the whole list .
this is one of those oversimplifications used to explain it to kids before going in-depth into why that 's not the real case and how it actually works at higher levels .
claiming it is as simple as x has y a has b nothing else is real '' beyond that context is like claiming people with other amounts of fingers or toes do n't exist because that 's not what you were taught as a child .
wrong construction trades are massively undercut by illegal immigrant labor
that would be buying into the media 's bullshit .
ugh i hate when i 'm just trying to understand someone 's subconscious psychoanalytical reasoning but then i accidentally steer the conversation towards phrenology
really m is the only one i dig in this pic .
so i had to choose with k i 'd like to fuck .
so i went with the bigger girl for novelty 's sake .
remember fellow europeans the pre-season is great prep time to fuck up your sleep cycle in advance for the regular season !
since watson left we do n't have a qb that is smart enough to essentially call the plays and protections at the los to offset the shitty playcalling from tony elliott .
looks like leno will have a run of games now unfortunate for cech .
i understand that phrase concludes the piece but there is nothing within the body that supports the claim .
just my opinion but it just seemed to be really unorganized free-flowing thoughts that were so random it deemed the article meaningless for me .
measures heart activity more closely than a regular heart rate monitor to detect possible health problems .
most smartwatches lack the processing power display smooth animations and start apps fast .
there is always a bit of lag and stutter on most watches .
i knew i recognized you 're psn as well .
if i 'm not mistaken i believe your team got the best of my rando squad .
i 've seen your set wanted to purchase it on many occasions .
tho had recently sold out of all my big items and i 'm kinda starting fresh .
one of those was a cosmetic skin for the skullfort lol .
if you plan on getting finest degrom i 'd say sell but wait till a little after the end of the ranked season since ls diamond prices usually dip a little because of that
i had a motorcycle and i 'm familiar with a plate size .
after some time experimenting over a few daysat the start of my modding days i usually just spend an hour searching switching installing and organizing mods before each playthrough .
this is mostly because i already have a staple set of 50 ish mods that i always use and the other ones are a rotative of mods i 've tested and used before depending on the build or world i want .
i sometimes try new mods and if they work they fall in one of these categories .
he even played a badass supreme court judge on the west wing .
either as a lane bully splitpusher building on-hit attackspeed or as a lane freezing lategame scaling teamfighter going ap .
do n't know about you guys but i do n't think the problem lies with packing a bag .
throwing items into a trolley/carrying over in your arms to a tiny shelf with no systematic packing area or routine just gets my goat .
you 've got people shoving past you the shelf is far too small .
as a customer you 've got to take your items off the exit till bundle them if you 've not got a basket or throw them into your basket trolley then walk across where everyone else is walking past you out to the door then unpack your basket or trolley into your bags .
i like that generally people move faster than in tesco 's but generally people do smaller shops .
aldi/lidl never have enough staff on when i 've been in and you 're always waiting in a long queue at a check out far longer than tesco 's .
but you still have to actually have them in order to play them no matter how cheap they are .
you 'd have to be pretty dumb to try and sell a nugget like this at scrap value or in a hush-hush manner .
a big gold nugget is considerable more valuable per oz than smaller pieces of gold .
now that there 's a media buzz about this particular nugget it will certainly bring in a premium price at auction or private sale
he can definitely keep doing it but he 's lost his main account .
not exactly how i wanted to see leno get his chance .
i was waiting for her to knock the smaller girl out .
the medicines are wrong since they 're mostly for anxiety and depression .
next time go to the himalayas if you like mountains .
north eastern india is mostly unknown to the world even indians do not go there much but it is definitely worth exploring .
❤️ he was a hell of a cute boy .
does this mean that c9 will make it out of groups ?
just our fucking luck when petr cech was in great form .
the lesson for un delegates who may have laughed is this hope you do n't get found out .
sounds like someone is saying be afraid of a bully ! ''
i would say no thank you '' to that .
yeah pancake flipping is hard but once you have the right viscosity for the batter it 's all in the wrist
if your heart is set on him then do it .
and with the rest of the money you can do some investing .
i would love if bungie made a competitive playlist for 6v6 4v4 and rumble .
kane is really fucking my team structure up if i do get him but i think he is going to do really well in the next few games so it is hard to not go for him .
many of these are just standard empathic social procedures that you should use when communicating with anyone at any time..
listen it 's important you actively listen use minimal encouragers '' or me 's to show you 're listening maintain eye contact nod your head say mhmmm '' etc .
use open ended questions and silence do n't steer the conversation let them talk .
i 'm just giving a basic idea of how many would be needed if they could obvioudly they ca n't lift like that but then either you do nothing which is boring or you try to figure out how much they can lift via flying against something which is a completely different equation i am nowhere nesr qualified to answer .
but the pivot point of the entire episode the raise was never resolved .
i know it does n't matter but the raise was the plot of the episode they should resolve the plot .
edit it 's also about jim finally seeing something from michaels perspective which comes into play again later in the season and i love .
as a social worker who worked in addictions this is unnecessary .
if you ask the right questions most will be honest about the amount used as long as they know they 're not in trouble .
you can do whatever you want but unless you 're a 5 ' 100 lb woman then you are still a beginner based solely on your numbers .
tell that to any one of the millions of employees that spend billions of hours handling paper .
these things are well worth it even when they cost 500 for good ones
i play a lot of winston and learning where the health packs are has drastically improved my functional 'up-time ' .
if i come back from a dive through a route that passes through a big health pack i save myself and my healers a couple of seconds of healing .
not always important but sometimes it makes a huge difference in a brawl .
it preserves mercy 's time/attention and moira 's heal juice ana gets to put two darts into someone actually fighting and lucio/zen/brig are all poorly suited for topping off a depleted tank under the best of circumstances .
squishies benefit even more from health packs as they can top completely off and re-engage without drawing support resources at all .
more regularly picking up health packs denies them to the enemy .
i wish i had done something at the time but i was more focused on flying under the radar since management was completely corrupt .
court ordered 50/50 2-2-5 custody of our son to my ex wife and me .
my ex wanted me to only have every other weekend .
so it 's like instead of changing the people you believe it 's better to change yourself .
but that makes us angry at some point right .
20 nos and a yes is always coercion by default .
because if she wanted it she would n't have said no 20 times dumbass .
enjoy your new res tag of rapist in situ ''
if a man and a woman are both piss drunk if they both say yes how can one be a rapist if neither of them can consent ?
the answer legally and ethically is whoever put something into the other person .
so if his dick was in her then he 's the rapist .
if she shoves a lamp up his ass she 's the rapist .
google it basic bitch because the question has already been answered .
she 's trying to leave and bond 's not having it .
i drove a slightly drunk to guy to crash a funeral .
he was n't invited as some family members felt he was responsible for the death .
he asked me to stay and wait and i told him if there was any trouble i was leaving .
so i parked the car far away and he went over 15 mins later he come backs and he just a crying mess for the ride back to the hotel .
telling me his life story and his strange relentionship with the deceased
reggie you have the ability to overcome great fear ... .. welcome to the green lantern corps
i own a threadripper but for a small household this i3 is soo underrated for what it can do !
it allows people to get the units they want that they cpuldnt get on their main account .
i came from the guy who took me home at the end of the night
i have gone to a lot of hearings with my clients and i have never seen anyone demonstrate the open contempt that kavanaugh did .
as a judge there is no way he would have tolerated the tantrums he threw in his court .
that is exactly what you do n't do and he knew it .
the question is then was his reaction beyond his control or did he just not care ?
either way he is unfit for the supreme court or the court he is on now for that matter .
found it hanging from beneath the steeing wheel today .
i really want the harp for toah and stella for dragon
this moral problem 's been around a lot longer than metoo and as long as we 're human it 's not going away .
now that you mentioned it he does look like a normal base master card .
thought about the same but i do n't think it 's a good idea .
i 'll try to focus on upgrading eugen first since 6 seems to be wind-based so i can push through and work on grinding until the raid starts later tonight .
i will eagerly pay a premium price for this app .
perfectly balanced comment section as all things should be plz let it stay this way .
😂😂 yo i was not expecting to see this comment
genuinely interested if there 's anything that comes close in regards to vegan alternatives .
generally vegans seem to suggest beans but the macros are worse and calories higher .
that having been said op has n't really helped themselves in tone or approach .
i 've only caught a few others this small most the ones i catch are really big the biggest being around 50 lbs .
about the size of the hood of a vw beetle .
i give it 5 days till she 's in the whitehouse shaking hands with trump for her courage in bringing light to the syrian refugee trafficking pakistani punching rings being fought and saved by mother russia .
your post has been removed for the following reason s
your comment has been removed for one or more of the following reasons
it was primarily a personal anecdote with little or no legal relevance .
if after doing so you feel this was in error message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reply to this message as a comment .
like teaching your kid by saying hey smacks kids head we do n't hit ! ''
in some ways i wonder what my career would have been like so far if i did n't have a 'passion ' to pursue .
if you do n't have interests already or something you want to study you can make really rational choices like aiming for a really high-paying or flexible profession .
do some research here https www.bls.gov/oes https www.bls.gov/oes and here https www.onetonline.org https www.onetonline.org to start .
you can see what careers are likely on the upswing that might suit you
they 're nice and strange all at the same time .
the video i linked in my comment is a good overview !
is n't this the plot of nearly every secret agent movie ?
you just mindlessly press whatever button is off cool-down .
bm is takes more skill to play than survival right now .
but god-forbid bm is good in a raid that requires much movement .
yup besides it would be impossible to play physical gwent under the new rules too much calculations would have to take place each turn .
as much as i am looking forward to the homecoming i like to play round of good old oldschool gwent .
how is that different than what is happening now ?
the senate elected by the people is deciding to delay .
actually slavery was a very controversial topic throughout american history .
there is a reason it was banned in the north long before the south banned it saying nobody talked about it is a bigger fallacy than anything i could say .
initially the army 's first pattern choice was the multicam pattern developed by crye precision but allegedly due to printing fees '' procurement discussions broke down .
3 4 6 crye precision developed the original scorpion pattern under a government contract in 2002 the pattern was modified by the united states army natick soldier research development and engineering center in 2009 and named the scorpion w2 pattern .
4 7 the army owns the licensing rights for scorpion w2 which lowers the overall cost and allows the army the option to restrict the pattern to service members only .
i bought both ... dont have a record player ... idk why .
perhaps i 'll leave them sealed they could get more expensive at some point .
you hit the nail on the head requires my full attention for naps . ''
my cat is like this too and it 's seriously hard to get much of anything done because she acts neglected when we do n't participate in her nap somehow like being the bed or pillow for her .
it 's because voip is horribly broken in game .
i had 3 friends on discord and one rando in squad .
i could hear him every couple of minutes other guy in discord heard him the whole time .
the last discord squad mate did n't hear him at all .
using the teeth comparison it would be like having fuzzy plaque covered teeth no matter how much you brush .
it 's okay for straight women to think other women are hot .
i did n't say it takes time to print it just takes luck and speed to research the bunkers for blueprints and then find one with a 3d printer printing does n't use the 3d printer only the matterials and the blueprint .
just make sure you dont have a busy schedule because you 're going to want to play it all the time
some people might mention that the irs will request you to pay in quarterly installments next year but that was n't my experience even when all 32k of my stipend was fellowship with nothing withheld .
i like 90s music bc i grew up listening to that bc i was born early 2000 's so ik what u mean lol
you can go to your general practitioner to your school health referent or directly seek an appointment with a specialized doctor .
nicely said it does indeed stand up imo the trilogy of ab zooropa and pop was an astonishing run add passengers to that and it 's sublime
that aside i like to play as zhang clique chineese duke north of tibetian kingdoms and keep touba clans as my vassal its actually helped me unite tungustic kingdom under my family as i pressed my touba 's vassal claim and forced the poor guy to marry my daughters
i also invited alot of askenazi to different my clique from averange chineese warlords by claiming that us sino-tungustic people are descdent of yahweh its actually kind of right since we intermarried with nearby scytian tribes who have israelite blood and enriching our elite culture with israelite infleunces
at the end of the game i gave in to mongol and conviced jochi to worship yahweh .
which caused the destruction of abbasid empire and restrotation of the third temple by zhang dynasty i managed to assemble a revolt against mongol and sent my brother to rule china
in the end i managed to staged a rebellion against my brother as legalmized bastard and took arabia .
invaded byzantium and failed so i created my own sun-worshipping cult and raid the fuck out of egypt until 1453 .
starters kit will help you out basic rules some prewritten characters as well as as some blank sheets and the rule book tells you how to roll up the character .
it also has a set of dice and one adventure book .
if you do n't have any friends interested in playing the go to your local store to see if they host any games .
the content prior to bfa is irrelevant it 's meaningless .
you might have some fun if you 're a transmog hunter but outside of that what fun can you possibly have ?
i would love for there to be something fun in the outside world but in this day and age everything is instanced in the latest dungeons and raids .
defence and policy experts kunal kamra and tanmay bhatt have already said there was corruption .
i do n't want a new gg because my character dizzy will definitely be left in the dust .
just want to make it clear that by future games '' i meant games that take place after it chronologically not games that will come out later .
i should also point out that tpp half expects you to have played the other games so it might spoil 4 or other games for you .
basically you 're probably safer just doing it release order .
there 's already a line about god working in mysterious ways or blessing you on the back-end to tie up criticisms of god .
most of the people that believe in god believe he has communicated with them in some fashion so it 's not all just reading the bible .
yeah but let 's be honest ... ..you do n't care about proof .
no amount of proof short of a video of kavanaugh assaulting someone would be enough for most of you fuckwits .
i feel sorry for the women in your life .
why not pick literally any other judge who is n't a known degenerate gambler and alcoholic ?
with the options that are actually in the game anything more then 3-4 levels of paliden is in fact bad .
its really weird to me that pathfinder went so far out of the way to encourage mono classing that in pnp pathfinder im not sure ive ever multiclassed but this game which is based of it did n't include nearly amy of thous things .
no favored class bonus severaly limited archetype chioces several classes either dont have there level 20 capstone or its just not good enough to persuade me not to dip into say paliden monk or fighter .
class balance feels a lot closer to late 3.5 then pathfinder to me probably because it is the massive available archetypes that allow you to really build a class worthy of sticking to .
hell theres not even a token amount of talents to choose from .
when i setup the homepod in my friend house i allow speaker access to everyone with a password so when i go back home i can play with the wifi of my residence .
however i did n't do the software update fo this i need to go back to my friend house 😅
gon na get it in there before we kick off fuck r/soccer it 's not our fault sky put us on the telly you soft cunts
the alliance between right wing fascists and conservatives is inherently anti business .
you 've made your bed now get comfy and enjoy your backwoods status along with hungary and others .
america take note we are heading down the same path .
ah yeah i remember noticing this in my first read through and wondering if parallels might be drawn with it and the 10 bulls but i apparently then forgot about it .
on second reading i ca n't tell for sure what stage i 'm at .
it 's unclear whether these stages described in development of trust are repeated whether one goes back and forth between them .
i have also wondered whether the stages one goes through with the course occur totally independently of the stages one goes through as a zen buddhist .
a startling thought but quite possible though i imagine they both have the same eventual outcome .
i guarantee you it takes the exact same amount of effort for a french canadian to speak their native language than a frenchman to speak theirs
'the whole argument that communists use famine against the people is itself capitalist propaganda . '
i made my point the ussr was responsible for countless atrocities so i see no reason to doubt that they 'd use famine against their enemies not when there is so much supporting evidence proving that they did exactly that .
please review for any tags you may have missed and reply to this message to have your submission re-approved .
have a question or think this removal was an error ?
you reroll to a tank dh then you 'll get into every group
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
probably because people thought every flash reflection was a ghost .
to be fair certain red eyes like darkness metal or cyber angel benten for an engine were meta at one point
but yeah its pretty cool to see rogue '' decks from the tcg become tier 1 in dl
how is the cost of footpaths or cycle lanes massive ?
when you have a chance to win a premier tournament in korea you do n't not try that hard '' .
it makes sense but i did n't know that was part of the standard .
that being said if the compiler your using handles it in a specific and reliable way you could always just do it .
i 'm doing that in a project of mine relying on the fact that allocating with operator new and freeing with operator delete works just fine on all compilers i tested despite that being technically undefined behavior and no i 'm not talking about the keyword delete but the memory operator that does n't do any destructor calls
you get asked if you 've played life is strange at the very start of the game and if you say yes you 're then asked if you chose bay or bae .
im not giving him my views or time but im assuming these were baseless accusations ?
because if they were something that serious could be taken as slander and they could launch legal proceedings .
36 with ehlers danlos syndrome..i ca n't reach for a piece of paper without dislocating a shoulder .
my hips knees and ankles dislocate with every step .
bones in my feet and toes dislocate if i kick to swim .
i used to be a cop but pregnancy woke up this complicated fucking horrible disorder .
it 's impressive as hell this guy can do what he can ...
but it can still be sad for some of us 1/3 or 1/2 that who ca n't .
i think no matter what happens now i will still watch until the end because i 've invested so much time on it i need to see it through .
it 's easy enough to complain about what you 're watching just switch it off !
admittedly the episode where rick leaves will probably ruin my day though .
i 'm fairly certain i do n't have a drop down all i can do is rename and pin things .
idk if im at all correct but it could be less safe because of radiation leak or something cause its just that old ?
you 'd think people would know by now that posting parody offbrands is a violation of sub rules .
then you see the 10,000 reposts of obvious plant ...
how long did it take after buying to ship to the warehouse
you could see against chelsea how he was dribbling across their players and breaking the formation and making those passes .
but i agree that we need one more creative outlet in the midfield .
maybe klopp can try moving firmino on to attacking mid .
salah in attack and shaquiri on the right ! !
hahaha fuck ya 😜 fuck that sucks that there was sniffer dogs so many cunts would get caught here if they used em.bro mdma is the best drug known to man 😂 but rn i 'm experiencing the comedown which is not the goods 😂 but i 'll be fine .
everyone i know said listen in was a 11/10 and i wholeheartedly agree hehe
and when the have a mavericc and all defences against hard breachers are useless so the entire objective room becomes fish in a barrel
they also consume half the water and get clothes twice as clean .
edit just because you keep downvoting everyone even suggesting front loaders are objectively better does not mare it not true .
you 're so off on such a variety of things it 's almost like you 're trolling or paid to be this uninformed .
we are on boss 41 right now and i am the main damage dealer .
i still kick myself sometimes because i allowed myself to get talked out of fortnite when pubg dropped on xbox and i played it for the next few months along with smite and by the time in march i came back to fn everyone was already good at building and just have n't had to will to really sit down and grind the game .
as much as i talk down on fn there is a huge skill gap compared to other games when it comes to building .
was n't that part of the in-universe motivation for cable forming x-force ?
xavier was n't letting him go hard enough to prevent his future from happening or something like that ?
umm have you played either of them this season with the new reocil changes they are both incredibly usable now .
like bucks c8 handles like a dream on pc .
do you have a customer support to help me understand your title ?
bits is stupid and pandering to the previous paradigm of bills and coins .
yes bits causes a ton of overlap and conflict issues .
same i am a network engineer and we measure network traffic in bps bits .
i can send you some edgy memes i accumulated about a year ago
din musik var en stor og vigtig del af min barndom ungdom og opdragelse .
the mobs can get pretty beefy yet if you use an aoe np there are some low hp demerit mobs waiting to give you a treat .
i can admit i am kind of gay because i am not insecure in my sexuality .
now tell me where did those numbers came from ?
there were n't always there no nm '' or any other unit of measurement is a human creation .
we just agree that 1 meter means a specific lenght .
the concept of a meter '' only exists in our heads it 's an interpretation of a specific lenght .
something is x meters long '' only because we agree what a meter is .
that would be subjective according to you since the concept of a meter '' exists only in human heads .
but that 's not how it works by using the word meter '' you 're reffering to that specific lenght a meter may be an arbitrarly chosen lenght but the lenght itself is objective .
same with colour by using the word orange or purple you 're referring to specific wavelenghts .
their names are just as arbitrary as deciding that we call x lenght 1 meter '' but without that communication is impossible .
if you 're using a word you 're referring to what that word means so saying ichigo has purple hair and 5.4 arms '' is an objective statement that is wrong .
just because it 's visual in nature does n't mean anything the information has to come from somewhere .
scientists who defined light wavelenghts were also looking '' they were just using tools and interpreting information mathematically .
if there is something new it 's coming in january february presentation during ces 2019 .
the monitor is great lots of features and small bezels .
if you have companions they will die easily to anomalies lol .
he was reffering to the discord ptt activate and deactivate sounds
this is exactly what we did for the same reasons .
friends came only to the civil ceremony it was a small intimate thing .
a year later big wedding with family and friends .
everyone knew our situation and that we were legally already married for visa purposes .
it did n't make our wedding any less special .
we 're doing a prezola registry where people can send money but for specific things so ours is a honeymoon fund with things on it like ‘bottle of wine with dinner ' or ‘contribution to flight upgrade ' .
the most expensive thing on the list is £50 though and many are £10-£20 as we really dont want people going overboard .
it 's a way people can give something specific but not have to worry about looking round for a gift .
we 're making it clear that a gift is not expected though and are making sure we tell everyone that .
we originally were n't going to do a registry but so many people have asked what we would want we decided this would be an easy option for everyone .
flexible work arrangements super pay is pretty good and the people are n't too bad either .
or maybe they mean the only valid days are 1 and 31 and for months 1 and 12 p
shame all the earth-chan hype actually did die down it was better than a lot of shit we got recently .
no where was included in the plan since it did n't actually exist .
a royal commission concluded that no such documents had existed
did they charm him or just have high persuasion rolls ?
even though he is n't aggressive he still needs mortal souls to stay alive .
he holds no ill will towards strahd and knows killing him does n't do him any good lol .
and of course there 's the thing were he basically gets off on seeing good aligned players turn evil .
just in case he is going to tag along to fight strahd regardless then you 're just going to have to use all of strahd 's resources .
werewolves wolves zombies animate objects rahadin his steed the witches .
and if you want to buff strahd boost his hp to the maximum amount and/or have him wear his armor raising his ac to 21 .
you should ask a black person what it 's like to live in the rest of the world
the kith lebron hoodie has an annoying stitching on the inside of the sleeves hows you fix that ?
i like the g1 designs when they look realistic like in high moon studio 's games or bumblebee .
what changes should i make to the below team so i can get kane or sterling in
i find it difficult unless it 's a separate mode from regular movement like now aiming in zelda games i do n't wan na sell the 3ds remakes short their bow and hookshot aiming was phenomenal as well as botw 's or ads-only like in fortnite .
splatoon 2 is my achilles heel as i understand why they lock y axis away from the analog stick in gyro mode but i really wish they allowed the option or went one better and allowed gyro through a button hold similar to ads in other games .
i 'm that unfortunate 50 of people who ca n't get used to it and just feels gimped and i do much better with stick aim which is n't that good lol .
and i 'll use this space to elaborate that full viewfinder style gyro is where it 's at .
anybody who uses pure tilt for aiming on switch is the devil .
fortnite 's first post-motion update revised from full gyro to tilt but i think it 's changed back now .
captain toad uses tilt for the minecart stages as well as using the minecart for center rather than toad 's head .
it 's such a poor design decision it 's infuriating coming from nintendo .
if you 're no intermediate/advanced lifter i do n't think it matters much if you use a cheap barbell .
hell at any gym in my country there are no speciality bars .
thats funny i have a hard time killing sheilds they take so many bullets and punch faster than 1 speed dont make sense
back when i first started i watched the bounty rise on multiple birds after marking them missing .
i got this idea after living in sweden with my boyfriend .
he uses yoghurt instead of milk on his cereal .
he got a bottle of banana yoghurt and muesli with chocolate bits .
yes you are right but we could say the say about climate change .
the issue is that its changing in a dramatic way .
what im saying is that the solar system is always changing too but its changing right now in an dramatic way as well .
our magnetic field is weaking faster than ever and thats a fact than can be looked up and something that will affect weather more than anything and also something that is not affected by co2 .
like i said im not saying humans are not affecting it we are but its bigger than that as well .
i 've just seen comedian bill bailey live and he was awesome
and it 's exactly what you 're looking for .
everyone is replying with muscular or nomu while sludgeboi https imgur.com/a/mufdcpw over here is crying his eyes out .
if i get in my car at 16c i 'm comfortable at 18c but if i turn the climate control to 18c the breeze makes me feel cold .
kbubbles1210 's post below does a good job of explaining .
majors have a different color health bar than your run of the mill ultra .
man i kind of wish it was possible to show people the easy confidence you get with being a 6'4 guy sometimes .
like i do n't have these experiences in your situation people would have been nice .
but even if they are saying stuff like that you know it 's a joke because people do n't fuck with you that lightly .
i did p much the same post before and it got downvoted to hell .
the others you mentioned have actually worked at ground level and are people 's leaders even if they are corrupt .
still i regularly tell my friends to vote aap if they dont want to vote bjp .
i already know how netflix ruin character design but anime version leskinen is real suck .
in den usa in australien behauptet auch niemand dass er europäer ist .
aus irgendeinem grund sagen manche leute sie seien iren '' oder deutsche '' weil ihre urururopas von dort kamen .
wir haben hier einen witz was bekommst du wenn du 16 amerikaner in einen raum legst ?
i was just making a joke and you decide to be a jackass .
same it 's even more confusing considering that we do have a proper battle system it 's just not utilized for capturing pokemon ...
well i 'm excited to see the proper next gen when it 's revealed i understand this is a hold over and attempt to capture the pokemon go fans .
i get connection issues when i have a good signal and all of my other data is working fine .
make sure your carrier supports using talk and data at the same time .
if that 's not the issue what i find sometimes helps me is turning off lte .
it does n't make sense to me but sometimes that helps the connection issues with the app .
as someone who has experimented with adderall and not really sure if i actually needed it this really opened my eyes .
theres also the dilemma of allowing someone to do trt then compete which i think should be a bigger issue
there were three momma cats and a dozen kittens at the villa i stayed in in crete .
i was with a large group of girls with 4 girls per room .
some of the kittens would wonder into my friends rooms if they left the door open/climb up the ivy to their patios .
a few of the girls did n't like cats so they 'd call me to shoo them away or take them back to their moms .
i was so jealous of those girls that got the rooms the kittens seemed to like most .
is this for grandma to send email or you want to play games on this ?
why would you go to another store especially inebriated so close to where they were already ?
it is not extraordinary but good to read for beginners
for some reason my normally super friendly and goofy rottie has a dominance issue with puppies .
like the scent or something just sets him into gear .
he 's not violent but makes his noises and tries to pin the pup with his chest .
after speaking with several people ar the park i 've learned it 's apparently a common thing .
but i am on the ball with my guy and expect the same with others .
i 'm close to a huge park but if a dog looks like a puppy then my guy is on a leash or we 're giving space .
i think its incredibly important to know your dog 's body language and be able to react accordingly .
driver got away but thankfully a good samaritan got the license plate anustart
no the daily gems got doubled 10 20 and 25 50 but on day 7 they should have given 50 gems as the last reward but they did n't they suddenly only started to give us ur and sr jewels so yeah the rewards were doubled but they removed one of the gem rewards d*ck move of them
adab missions is very intelligent time moves forward unceasingly and erases all opportunities that we have not used the possibilities are not every day given .
nah i did n't even think about input lag at first .
it just felt off and only then did i realize the tv was the cause .
but i did use super meat boy as an example for a reason .
it 's the only game that was affected so severely .
before that i 'd been happily playing a driving game on the same tv without noticing anything .
i guess it would be fairly noticeable in an fps too but i ca n't play those without a mouse anyway so i never use the tv .
so on my desk i have my ps4 on it with my monitor and i sit close to my desk but i switched the controller off of bluetooth to usb in the controller settings menu should that work ?
the agreement works only if it 's keeping information confidential that is valid under the law you ca n't rob a bank and sign an agreement with other guys that they 'll never give up names if caught .
it is by long time not short a persons true face can be known .
😊🔪 did seigando ever mention what is her relationship with ewk ?
if you did not know whats happening in r/zensangha check it out .
the two consoles i own are the nintendo gamecube and switch tvs do n't have the ability to play cds my laptop does n't have a cd drive and do you really think i want to start up my car just to listen to music .
the ai only intercepts if you make an obvious pass such as one to the feet of your winger who had already started a run .
pace does still matter it 's just not the only thing that matters .
does mbappe feel much faster and agile on the ball than giroud ?
try it and then honestly tell me that pace is the same for both players .
however giroud is still useful this year which makes the game so much more interesting .
to everyone complaining it 's too defensive do you play with attacking high press ?
i do and nearly every game for me is open ended and my opponents counter attacking often .
tackling is n't quite right the ball falls back to the attacker too much and i think it 's because players are slow to react to loose balls .
are those ether gear marks on rebecca and the bunny girl 's arms ?
we hang out but our jobs are hectic so we do n't hang out every weekend and are still getting to know each other .
we just moved to this country in march and have the same job .
i could stop being friends with her but i only have three friends in this country and dropping her would mean losing the other one and the other friend lives an hour and a half away and may be moving soon .
making friends as an adult is tough but it 's even harder when you do n't speak the native language of a country .
she 's not intolerable enough for me to risk being without friends
small mammals like squirrels and ferrets can take a fall like that like it was nothing .
i saw a squirrel fall straight out of a tree in washington dc narrowly avoid landing on another squirrel and immediately take off for another tree .
ca n't sleep until 5am everyday wake up tired at 6am working on 8am back home 9pm trying to sleep at 10pm and still trying to sleep at 12am but end up sleep at 5am wake up at 6am again ... ...
you can still hang out and watch netflix so no changes !
i regret to tell you that your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a valid title tag .
do you have a questions about acne or blackheads ?
the sca routine https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/sca_routine information on building a good skincare routine deciding what products to use and what order to use them in
we also recommend doing a subreddit search https www.reddit.com/r/samstestingsub/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all for your question because it 's very likely been asked before .
if you 're looking for advice we recommend you post in the help thread stickied at the top of our front page http www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/about/sticky ? num=1 .
it 's full of helpful and experienced people who hang out there to answer questions so you 'll get the most reliable answers there !
if you still want to make a post to the sub you 'll need to use one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
do try to include all relevant information when asking for help .
see our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/postingguidelines wiki_information_to_include_when_posting for suggestions .
we have a sidebar you may not know about filled with more helpful links !
to view the sidebar on the official reddit app tap the three dots in the upper right corner when you 're on the sub r/skincareaddiction and tap 'community info ' .
instructions for other apps can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/mobile .
searching in the reddit app click the three dots and then select 'search ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
read this on rotation along with the rotation schedule https mtg.gamepedia.com/standard
lmaoooooo most of her reply comments are hidden because they 're below the score threshold .
so shes not funny and not easy on the eyes .
yeah he feels that he 's not getting something important in the relationship that is sex-related which is why i think r/sex might actually be a good place to bring this up .
but a lot of this is dependent on whether the pleasure he needs to give you is specifically sexual and whether he can handle you not wanting to receive that .
just as clarification given that you 're not a native english speaker but your english is otherwise fantastic by the way masturbate '' in english tends to refer specifically to self*-pleasure .
so when you say i do n't like being masturbated '' it might make more sense to english speakers to say i do n't like being pleasured/given oral/fingered/etc '' .
most likely rented luxury car rental companies in europe are currently competing against wealthy private owners renting out their sports cars it 's a lucrative market for private owners even though it crashed prices for luxury car rental companies .
the point is private owners renting out these cars are less stringent on their requirements and sometimes idiots end up in these cars .
reason your title does not match the required format .
make sure to include the square brackets and spaces and follow this exact syntax
click here https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/wiki/rules wiki_iii._starting_a_trade for more information about the allowed posting format for this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamgameswap if you have any questions or concerns .
found a ton of good advice and coping mechanisms on here .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains or is not a direct link to an image on an approved host .
note that all users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i.redd.it and reddituploads.com will not be approved as neither link directly to the image .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_gif if you have any questions or concerns .
i think tesla are where apple were in the early days of smartphones .
they got there first but other companies are snapping at their heels with the potential of cheaper and more varied products .
as it turned out apple survived on a mix of user experience and almost cult-like loyalty despite cheaper and sometimes technically superior products being available .
tesla does have a bit of a cult following but that is pretty much because of elon 's band of acolytes .
so it 's possible for them to carry on and be like apple in the e-car market 10 years down the line but it 'll be a lot harder without him .
he should get another few years in my opinion .
if you need it quick you 'll probably end up paying more from shapeshift or similar exchanges that do n't make you set up an account .
i ca n't find the one i did but google gave another result try there .
thank you pm_steam_giftcards for creating a bank account in r/memeeconomy !
one of the worst bundles you can buy people have bought 16 packs and got nothing but trash
growing up i was frequently having misunderstandings with my nparents
life is easy if there is no planning and everybody else is the problem .
if rapists can get away with rape simply because there is no hard physical evidence that 's a pretty sad state of affairs .
if people can be put away based solely on the accusation of another that's a far sadder state of affairs .
the presumption of innocence is a bedrock principle of our justice system .
pretty shocking to hear that feminists want to do away with that and replace due process and formal penalization with the court of public opinion and mob justice . ''
if men went around forcing rape on other men then men would not want the rapists to get away with it simply because no one else 'saw ' or because there was no video .
men get raped by other man much more often than they get raped by other women .
they are n't advocating throwing out the justice system and turning themselves into second-class citizens because of it .
good to know that 's what feminists are after though .
a solid connection with a wall absorbs the vibrations of a base station .
but decoupling them from the wall with a piece of foam adhesive tape or velcro will make them vibrate even more which will give you more tracking judder than usual
my main point is that if we keep allowing the media and politicians to muddy the water we will never get better we will only change what the problem is .
your other comment was spot on if we ca n't accurately describe a problem or it 's scope we ca n't solve the problem .
i thought being an artist required a certain amount of respect for whatever medium you choose and those who would experience it .
also fahrenheit is dumb like the imperial system for measures and weights .
supposedly it 's covered in the comics but roland never does explain what happens to the belt his mother gave him at the end of wizard and glass .
i got the ultimate edition but im not gon na use the boosts all i want is the steel box and the map
take your sjw shit out of here people like you ruin the sport its about the fights not about their personal life
at the very start of this horror show sean spicer said that trump 's tweets should be considered official government communication .
yeah i know what you are talking about but i never find kentrosaurus because i live in a local 4 .
would love to go for ankentro but my kentro isnt even 15 yet .
maybe i just need to hope for an event .
i dont care who you voted for this shits funny
right not to mention survivors when not playing with friends are stuck with people who quit after getting downed or hooked once ... .any sign of trouble it 's bye .
that plus the killer perks/mechanics puts non swf players in the hole a lot to where it 's difficult to score .
but yet you have killers who play like crap and still get like at least 12,000 somehow .
oh god i‘ve been crying for what feels like hours and still ca n't stop .
reading all your answers is brutally honest and hurts a lot .
i am still utterly thankful for all of you it just hurts so much to realize how badly i 've been treated still being treated
the result of that is broken self-esteem and other issues .
i‘ve never really had a father figure in my life and generally assume the worst of middle-aged men — especially with daughters .
i just want to say how happy i am that your daughter has such a great father she can really count herself lucky .
i will first try to talk to my therapist even tho we do n't have any more hours scheduled .
talking to my mother will be tough and i do n't know if i can do it by myself .
it is currently 4:45 where i live and i have to get up in 3 hours .
i do n't think that i will be able to sleep but i should at least try .
eddie vedder once slept on a pillow made of concrete .
ca n't be banned if i do n't follow his channel points finger at forehead
i laugh at the absurdity of this video even though i 'm sure it 's standard practice .
there 's at least a dozen more videos of aggressive rod removal .
if dapps left eos for telos i 'm quite sure eos would just pivot .
eevee because i could breed him and have a party of all the different evolutions
of course you can but you would be idiotic to as the other party is perfectly entitled and very likely to win suing you for defamation .
if you want to submit a video link to the original video on youtube or vimeo .
if you want to submit a gifv webm then upload it to imgur or gfycat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woahdude if you have any questions or concerns .
they just want us to be relegated in every aspect of fandom .
are you trying to kill us with so much sexiness ?
a large majority of the employees at public ranges especially at the come shoot an uzi ! places are ex military .
it probably also makes the customers feel like the place is cooler/more legit .
i have a single story house so we 're good .
i just hope all these trees do n't fuck me .
i only live like 3 miles from the fox/nbc/cbs building .
beautiful lens flares but sadly i do n't think they are spiritual entities .
i 've always thought he was a top tear l tier running back .
i do n't think any dashcam would have but especially not this one .
try to better yourself and others in the time you have on this rock .
the way you 're doing it does n't matter .
in no small part of the excellent care he received at the va .
as he put uncle sam got closer to killing me than any vietnamese farmer did in two tours.
he thought he would get 2 off the ticket price and only pay 4 .
how should he have know they would charge him for 2 off of a full movie price ?
it was a small deer maybe a year old .
tried to jump over me but slammed into me instead .
i dunnoh who else to ask but the person who responded to my comment but i just now noticed ... does the woman in the middle have a monkey in her hair ?
at first i thought she just had a bun or something but now it looks like a monkey is latched on top of her head lol .
a 13 attack gengar hits the final breakpoint at level 33.5 for shadow claw against mewtwo .
there 's no need to get them nearly maxed around level 37 purely for hitting the final breakpoint .
it 's the bulkpoint that allows it to survive 2 confusion at near max level .
batman and law enforcement often get on like donald and ... mue nvm trump batman confirmed !
so how can i recruit people without going to 1000 clans asking i only need 15 more good players
it 's football he was making a play on the ball and there was no helmet to helmet go watch ballet if you want a non contact sport .
i also was bitching about targeting when it was called on penn state
it 's strange when an anonymous letter was published in the times the right wing wanted to give the entire white house staff polygraph tests .
holy shit i did n't know they came out with egg substitute
i thought mcsorley was about to get popped when he stopped to throw and did n't scramble .
my ortho told me that my open bite case would be better treated using invisalign .
5 years ago i was told i would need to have 4 teeth pulled and traditional braces .
there are people out there who will blame the other team for their own or their own player 's wrong-doings .
take a look at the braves after urena hit acuna every single braves fan thought that every breath he took every movement he made was on purpose .
the kids barely know her side of the family .
they had a reunion episode and the kids all acted uncomfortable .
also as josh said having a gay aunt does n't mean they think gay people should have rights .
so i doubt that they give a damn about her .
how does this compare to dark souls as far as difficulty ?
it 's a complete scam and people sadly do n't take the time to understand why
damn after seeing this now i 'm upset i do n't live anywhere near you .
the senate tries to push his lightsaber into master windu while making a face that looks like he 's trying to shit himself
to me people look for a reason why they lost ... . hard counters or such right before league goals .
only spent for the ultimate edition close to 1 mil already
that plus a neon blue shirt was my go-to outfit in grade 6
its definitely overpriced down here almost 12,000 ride away compared to almost 8000 ktm 390 duke
you believe london would create a diplomatic crisis by kicking them out just because they 're fucking with assange ?
we did n't ban her this time if she is any worse in ultimate than she is now i 'm sure we wo n't have to do that .
probably a g70 pretending they are available in the us already .
idk if you are allowed to self-promote on here but i would buy a print
yeah most motorcyclists i 've known have a pretty friendly relationship with death
and then you have to start following these glowing lines across the board like a detective with a cork board and thread trying to deduce out how you just double blocked a goblin token
it 's like a judge leaned over and hummed the final jeopardy music directly into my fucking ear while i was trying to figure out the pivotal turn of the game .
i have n't had a complicated enough board state where this became an issue but 10/10 description .
some of these are so good you should take them to r/writingprompts .
waiting for a mechanical problem for mercedes is a bit like waiting for a girl to speak to me .
sure it 's nice to think about it and the thought makes me excited but let 's be real it 's not going to happen .
bbq op even tho you did n't activate it its op .
yes trulieve may have floridas largest market share right now ... but there are about a dozen other producers opening up to 30 stores each in florida as we speak .
i really like truelieve but in my opinion is extremely overvalued with just one state .
look at ianthus ... florida ny mass and valued somewhere around 500 mil .
yes they dont have ant significant revenues just yet but will .
im not bashing truelieve just trying to put it into perspective .
yeah imo the only reason to go back to prebuilts nowadays
throw in shirtless david and you 've got yourself a winning combination
my dad was a teenager/early 20s during the late 60s and early 70s and he talks about that period a lot when he watches the news .
overall he says that things were a lot more tense and nerve-shaking in the late 60s .
politicians and leaders were assasinated left and right cities were being burned down lots of his friends were dying in vietnam .
he says it honestly felt like the nation was on the verge of civil war .
as for nixon he compares trump to nixon a lot .
he says that he knows a corrupt president when he sees one . ''
he says that the big difference though is that during that time americans were not picky and partisan when it came to journalism and the media .
journalists were well respected and the washington post was no exception .
woodward and bernstein were not called fake news '' by people they were seen as the biggest thing in the early 70s .
although he also says that with nixon he did n't have a creepy cult-like following like trump does .
he was popular but overall he says everyone pretty much knew he was guilty and threw him under the bus once woodward and bernstein published their story and especially once john dean testified against him .
he thinks trump will be impeached but he said it 'll be a huge dividing line for the nation where as with nixon people found a lot of humor in it and everyone could see through his charade .
i 've been playing the percussion for 6 years and i'am also playing the piano and the guitar .
fascinating that out of 30 designs three were the winners feeding the team .
i 'd love to see and read more especially the 1.5m case studies .
i love the idea of the angles being one of the three best sellers .
he starts slow and clumsy then he goes on overdrive and begins with the steam bursts all the steam gives everyone disadvantage in seeing him and he get way faster moving in the clouds of steam .
also burning burst of steam would make his metal armor very hot and all melee attacks or any other skin contact with him would burn .
comment linking r/bonehurtingjuice that gets an uncomfortably high amount of upvotes
your post has been temporarily removed because your account is either too new or does not have enough karma .
do n't worry the mods will check your post and approve it if it 's not spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/css if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the top guy in arena every week .
you probably do n't even know what a good team is
this year 's alabama team is better than 2013 .
the irish have no business being in the top 5 this year
when i had the gbps service roommate had bought a gigabit capable modem and separate gigabit router .
currently have 400 mbps service with the equipment they supply .
only did one test over wifi cause i had no faith it would even be close to what i 'm paying for .
thinking of no transfers this week to have 2 for next gw .
so the fracture was through the bone was it trent ?
not to mention without edelman and someone like flash gordon to stretch the field defenses have been stacking the box and double-teaming gronk .
if jg plays today expect everyone to benefit especially the run game .
michel should start rolling and become an rb2 with upside week 5 and beyond imo .
yes we know how taxes work thank you very much for your contribution and have a nice day
can you blame the bank for choosing the more profitable and secure investment ?
the problem is a lot bigger than the banks .
so your this first ever post on reddit and you 're asking this arbitrary question ?
that only means the inefficiency of using roads instead of rails scales up .
if one thing is less efficient than another increasing the amount you do it is not helpful .
you 're wearing his socks but they 're still not yours .
another thing that may impact the numbers is that i used to watch most of these guys when i first got into hs .
now i typically watch dog zalae firebat and other competitive streamers .
if it was me i 'd give it a possession ability like ghosts or maybe just possess corpse like the dybbuk on the next page .
the possessed character/corpse exhibits the symptoms of the disease transmits the disease on a melee attack and continues to have the rotting presence feature .
while i 'm thinking about it another way to beef up the fight is while the demon is alive any character affected by the disease also has the rotting presence trait to which the demon is immune .
do n't tell someone not to post alters here .
whether you like the art or not is irrelevant .
i agree with you op it should have just been updated tavern graphics/ui but they really had to get away from the disney colours .
they spent a lot of money on cgi showcasing geralt ciri playing in the tavern yet that does n't even matter anymore .
what a waste of money and lack of direction in the past 18 months .
you would have been agreed on earlier but what 's left are mainly very diehard cdpr fans who get upset if you dare to criticize anything about hc/tb .
look at the shit merchant got for saying he did n't like tb .
i do n't know what i did the first time but this time it 's fine .
i 'm saying that government and the ruling class are part of an integral whole that operate in tandem rather than at odds with each other .
the us government served the us ruling class the super rich american capitalists by backing a military coup in brazil .
the brazilian comprador govt operated as the middle man between the brazilian working class and the us ruling class skimming off of that until the brazilian national bourgeoisie tried to extricate themselves from the middleman position .
if this submission was flaired inaccurately click here https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/resources wiki_accurately_flairing_content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
in tv its the editors lets all thanks the editors for their hard work nobody is gon na read .
finally ferrari are doing what 's necessary to get vettel the championship ''
people are saying that the swap was unnecessary but the all it takes is one retirement and all of a sudden the gap in the championship is around 10 points .
if they had n't swapped lewis would have left the weekend with 3 more points than his only other championship rival instead he 's leaving with 10 .
oh no the black man gave us healthcare and fixed the economy .
i kind of counted that lash will appear in that shield event we are currently having but he did n't .
and this is unfortunate because i wanted both him and ward in avac .
i thought about it and drew my own lash .
i just wanted to show him i 've seen some people doing avac fanart here and i thought ... maybe i can do it too .
i am not a proffesional just a big fan .
after app is opened i click serving or consuming and is asking for admin password i write password but after that nothing happens .
i live in new york and as many actual new yorkers will tell you there is nothing more inconvenient then traveling through times square .
it 's crowded the people there are dicks which gives the impression that all of new york is like that and there are giant adds on the sides of buildings .
there are also unlicensed weirdos who dress up as elmo or micky mouse and take pictures with unsuspecting tourists and then pocket-pick them .
that is n't a joke some of my friends who went to visit me actually lost a wallet from this .
her depression and anxiety and cptsd has been really off the charts .
i try to be intimate with her but i just end up triggering her so i do n't persue and just cuddle .
its better than nothing and i love to be there and to comfort her .
last night i super triggered her after the night before she was with my comet and she was fine with it .
one is on the other side of the country and the other is a few towns over .
i also do n't have time for another partner .
it feels like i do n't have anyone right now .
i just want to feel that post sex glow that feeling of primative relief .
reclaimed by her noble family after a hellish childhood that was n't meant to be hers qin yining is bestowed the gift of a hellish family instead .
just as she turns her lot around and gains acceptance her country is plunged into danger instead .
in this absolutely riveting and spellbinding tale what does our mc do when an entire dynasty is at stake ?
translator 's note no transmigration no rebirth just a good ole smart cookie mc and a fantastic story .
hints of an ancient china version of hidden marriage in this one !
she was the firstborn of the prime minister but was switched at birth in infancy to eke out a living in the city .
when she finally returned to her family she found herself in the throes of inner residence scheming instead .
she wanted to reside peacefully with her sisters and be a filial member of the younger generation of the family but this gem of a family did n't want to leave her be !
thus she woke up to the harsh reality that she herself would have to join in the fray in order to live a good life !
fighting against white lotuses trampling green tea she can mount an ultimate comeback even when dealt a lousy hand !
do n't think i 'll shelter you just because you 've won over this girl 's stomach !
does your family know that you 've been letting your enemies go framing your loyal subjects and cooking up a storm in the kitchens ?
if the location were right i feel like i could make a fortune .
been having a lot of dreams about foreign travel .
... im currently typing one handed on my phone while feeding my baby/letting him nap on me .
i hope when my husband wakes up he takes a shift and lets me get some work done .
that 's why i 'm thinking of hotdog carts .
baby cried because the kirtan was blaring too loudly through the speakers .
just got a flashback to this time last year think i 'm a little traumatized .
typing one handed ... with just my thumb ... scatters my thoughts .
had one dream ... where i could n't find my baby .
then i thought i 'd left him in the car my biggest fear .
i was consumed by my ocd but i 'm getting better .
recently moved into a house that has a mixture of fescue bermuda and kbg .
it 's a hot mess to be honest and infested with weeds and creeping varieties .
my initial thought was to nuke it and restart but i 'm now considering to just create an environment for the bermuda to thrive .
i figured this could be the most cost effective and labor-saving solution .
i cut the lawn at around 3.5 inches right now but realize bermuda needs a lower cut .
what steps would you take to create an environment for the bermuda to thrive ?
during shark week when do you guys see weight gain ?
i was up 3 lbs this morning and just started my period ... is this normal ?
i have noticed a tacky film on a weather radio that rarely sees human contact .
this stuff is clear tacky and near impossible to remove .
the last time i experienced this it was on a wireless mouse in the workplace .
i assumed it happened due to over use which is not the case here .
my son wants to delete his xbox profile and make a new one to reset his halo 5 progress back to zero is there a way to do this without starting a new xbox profile ?
by that i mean sonic would have a maximum speed which he could accelerate to but say he rolls downhill to get extra speed he could reach any speed provided that there 's enough acceleration he could obtain from the environment because his own acceleration would only still reach so high .
that could really enhance exploitation of the environment which is super useful in sonic open world fangames like sonic islands sonic utopia and so on .
new here i am looking to get a new mechanical keyboard tkl preferably i currently have ha k70 but i am looking do do a costume job is there any one here from europe that would recommend where to buy stuff from ?
also would you recommend buying a kit to start or a fully assembled board and then start customizing ?
does anyone know what i can do about this ?
i 've been thinking about seeing a therapist but i 'm not sure yet .
if reiko succeeded ans became god emperor of outland then married skarlet and made her his consort/wife would he employ the same tactic of assigning a bodyguard/protector to skarlet as shao kahn did with sindel ?
who is likely to be given that duty to guard/protect skarlet ?
could reiko assign goro for that task since goro seems to be respectful towards reiko as he was with kahn .
she takes it for 21 days and then pauses for 7 days as described in the perscription !
every day for 21 days every 4 weeks '' will ignore every 4 weeks '' and put it in the task name
ldlc on wood lgb and navi on the body .
i 'm just curious if this is worth anything .
i 've had it for a while and i know that these are n't the holo stickers so i doubt its worth much .
i decided to push for a 2 hour meditation .
had to make sure was in a good position so no limbs lose circulation .
sometime in my chest starts to feel cold with a slight sense of pressure being applied .
my mind felt like it was on a boat in an unsteady sea .
swaying and rocking back and fourth with no control over it .
my body felt like it was rocking in a different tempo as opposed to my mind .
soon i lost contact with my sense of touch .
as in i could n't feel the couch i was laying or the wind from the fan blowing directly on me .
i started to feel startled but i told myself to just let go .
soon my body and mind vibrations felt like they were so sync now that the vibrations went away and all that was left was this sensation in my chest .
i could n't pinpoint was to where i '' was at .
since i could n't feel my body i did n't know anymore where the cold sensation was at soon it became whole .
i started to hear wind i had earplugs in to restrict any outside noise .
then nonstop images started to manliest in this space '' i was in .
creatures i 've never seen or would even be able to come up with .
no imagine stayed for more then what seemed a second .
they kinda felt like they did n't want to stay closed anymore .
i will continue to pursue further into meditation for a better feel into my existence .
me and my wife had played through original version of the game with little problem .
we could play divinity original sin 1 with little problem .
but de does n't work most of the time .
i 've tried to play with configuration reloading reinstalling the game ... and then suddenly it works .
but after a couple of hours she disconnects and ca n't connect back .
then on the next day after several tries it works ... till it disconnects and stops working again .
we only had two sessions and could n't get another .
it 'd be easier if it just did n't work but it works sometimes .
than i do n't change anything and it stops working .
one idea is maybe the game chooses connection ports randomly and most of those are locked but some work ? ..
after about a year or two of fantasizing i finally have scheduled an actual date '' with a guy from grindr !
i 'm in a long term relationship with a woman but i have been looking with her approval for a hook-up with a man for a few months now .
i have never done anything with another guy so i am completely freaking out right now !
there are actually two related videos ... first video is of younger teen '' looking lesbian who gets a knock at the front door from older blonde milf '' neighbor i think she 's looking for the girl 's mom ? .
some how milf gets invited up to the girl 's bedroom .
young lesbian asks milf to brush or braid her hair ... at some point girl gives milf a massage .
milf talks about how she has n't been touched in so long etc .
then full on les action ensues ... lots of eating out ... lots of orgasms .
it 's a unique one because it 's the younger girl seduces the older milf neighbor mom 's friend versus the milf always seducing the younger girl it 's a great video ... if you have any info please do tell .
also there is a second related video where the girl introduces the milf to her friend who is need of a place to stay .
milf and girl 's friend wind up having sexy time as well .
is there any place you can get a beer for bch in london please ?
based on marcocoino you can buy coffee wine soup bmw or gold there but no beer ?
reaching a level landmark and choosing a new talent is part of what makes levelling bearable .
i 've seen some people around complaining about lack of class flavor compared to older xpacs .
if they added 2 new rows of talents would n't that be a step in the right direction ?
i 'm having pretty shitty fps with 1070 even on potato settings it can go down to 40-50 fps when i 'm looking at certain spots on the map .
also i 'm using windows 7 64 if its matter .
after killing a dagannoth rex it dropped a berserker ring .
i also have a graphic design internship at school .
i figured it would be fun if you the listener were my girlfriend and started to become more and more of a cumslut and we had to do more and more to keep you satisfied .
let me know if you have some ideas for stuff to come next i already have some ideas but i 'd love to get your input .
do you agree that lr weapons are too op and killing the game action ?
lr weapons should not be that powerful then they be less popular fewer people will use them .
also it will be easier to reach the snipers and kill them .
quick question throughout ng do you get access to the shield skins that came with preordering the game ?
i know you unlock various different shields for completing ng i 'm playing on gmgow difficulty as well if that makes a difference having completed the original game previously on hard difficulty .
i unlocked the first self-loading assault class rifle and wanted to give it a try but every time i tried to spawn in with that specific weapon it kept telling me the deploy point youve selected is no longer available ''
i 'm wondering if there 's others who have seen this .
it 's carried across multiple games and i 've even restarted the beta and had the same issue .
hope its not a lingering effect that i somehow triggered by trying to spawn in with that weapon and not being able to .
this is to be a reasonable place for helping stop racism and microaggressions against white '' caucasian folks .
actually being racist is not allowed in this sub nor are false accusations of racism .
please do not promote stereotypes or racism against any group but share what you face or witness firsthand as well as your original ideas .
debate is allowed as long as it is reasonable and respectable even though this is not specifically a debate sub .
the purpose is to help white folks in ways that do n't harm other groups or undermine anyone 's rights .
one premise is that a lot of alleged racist '' behavior of white folks is provoked often by microaggressions against them that fly under the radar .
this is not to become a soapbox against any race .
racism in general can be discussed particularly if it ties in with anti-white racism .
we agree that all racism is bad and that all law-abiding lives matter .
we prefer that members of any organized hate group or gang not participate here .
that includes but is not limited to neonazis klansmen and skinheads .
we wo n't ban for this unless anyone breaks the rules announces hate group involvement attempts to recruit for any hate group promotes violence uses racial/orientational/gender slurs or shows themselves to be jerks .
this is not a place to attack/bash members of any religion or lack thereof .
please only discuss such groups in the context of stopping anti-white racism and not in a way that attacks or scapegoats members of any faith .
please try to keep other controversies out of here unless they 're directly tied to anti-white racism .
this is not an alt-right or far-right political bastion .
it 's not a bastion for national socialism nor is this the place for far left communist socialist or marxist ideologies .
our only concern here is stopping aggressive acts hatred microaggressions and discrimination against anyone perceived as or identifying as white .
not only are racial slurs off-limits so is sexism sexist slurs overt homophobia anti-gay slurs anti-religious bias attacks against transsexual people intense border debates or bias based on country of origin .
we also do n't allow anyone to advocate rape domestic violence gay-bashing or violence/extremism of any kind .
that is a bannable offense though some leeway may be given if the target is a violent criminal .
even then wishing unlawful violence against someone who committed the same violence such as wishing rape on a rapist is strongly discouraged .
this is also not the place for stalking people from sub to sub calling out hypocrisy '' of forum participants or posting links to what folks say on other subs to degrade them humiliate them or call them out .
trolling is also not allowed as we sincerely believe the premise of this sub and seek to eliminate it .
please do n't accuse others of generalizing or require that others qualify not all of whatever group '' each time they name a group .
conservative folks are more likely to use the name of a group as shorthand to refer to just those who are guilty of whatever they are discussing at the moment .
it does n't mean they believe that every member of that group is guilty .
so saying that green people are more likely to do this '' is not saying that every green person does it .
so please do not assume someone means every member of an entire group unless they say just that .
if they were to say all green people rape rob and steal '' then that would not be allowed .
false reports and false accusations of racism are not allowed .
folks here are allowed to tell their stories tell about what other races do to them or others around them and to make qualified generalizations '' of a narrow scope based on what they see or experience .
if you say i observe that green people living in the province of fuchsia are more likely to commit tentacle assaults '' that is allowed .
it is within the rules to say that one opposes homosexuality the practice race-mixing as a practice or certain elements of a certain culture such as sagging one 's pants or harassing people outside one 's own race .
criticizing a practice or behavior is considered fair game but not attacking people is not .
hi all i am moving in the new flat and looking to buy my first tv.id like to keep the cost at minimum.watched hours of tv guides on youtube and i am feeling like i didnt learn anything.i am located in austria if that helps.looking to buy 4k tv 55 zoll or inches.i saw samsung nu7000 series that looks good for 800 euros but there is sony aswell for 800 euros.i feel that sony have choppy or slow guide menu and program changing.and since i didnt know that rv market is so huge i need help.it will be used just for watching tv netflix etc.maybe light gaming but should n't be noted.what are my option 's ? .site 's to buy will be amazon.at amazon.de and mediamarkt .
couldnt figure out how to make a new comment without replying to one first .
drew says out loud as the figure puts its hand on his shoulder .
drew saw a child about to get hit by a care and had to do something .
he could n't let this happen even if he had vowed to never use this ability again .
in almost a whisper the being states now we talk about why ''
why you have used the ability in the way you did ''
drew turns around and before him stands a 9 foot tall man wearing a nlue robe that has clocks all over it .
the man looks old yet his face is soft and taught like a man in his twenties .
he has steel grey hair with ocean blue eyes .
you started out using it for small stuff like pulling pranks and causing trouble as a child to full blown theft by your teens '' the man says without seeming to move a muscle .
but something changed one afternoon as you where about to get away clean from the gas station . ''
drew relaxess when he realizes he is n't in immediate danger .
the one across the street that was being taken from a park .
i saw the fear in her eyes even from across the street .
i could have done something had i not been so selfish and saved my power .
hmm so what would have done if you had n't been robbing that store and instead been across the street ? ''
as drew opens his mouth to answer he feels a sharp zap in his chest .
as she pans his view he notices an unmarked white van next to him .
drew takes a few steps towards it and sees the little girl being shoved into the van .
drew takes girl out of the van puts the mans head up the wheel releases the break and sets rope and a roll of duct tape on the peddle .
as he walks away and puts the girl back in the park time resumes .
he hears the engine kick up and people scream .
a few days later the girl is in the news being interviewed on what happen and drew couldnt help but to smile .
so a while back i was at a friends house and my friend sends a snap of me jokingly flipping off this chick .
at lunch my friend reminded her and she kinda went off i do n't remember what she said .
well okay i 'm walking to a classroom for football after school and she flips me off with both fingers i do the same she then calls me a fag and she calls me a dough boy lol
when ask about female characters that are not pandering who are the people you mostly hear ellen ripley sarah conor .
but do you know why they are the only ones brought up because they are from a time where there was a completely different political environment .
a time where to people feminazi and ess jay double uus didnt exist so they are automatical the be all end all of female action heroes but i bet your soul if these characters made their appearances today you will get people shouting how these characters are feminist garbage pandering to sjw to woke for me .
if rey made her debut in the 80s you will have nerds praising her left and right but to them since this is time where sjws are affecting their movies she is a mary sue .
so i will ask you this who is a good female character that is not some damsel in distress bimbo that is not form the 80s or 90s and wonder woman doesnt count as she is a comic book icon form as far back as the 40s .
i am very understanding of math but i want more in-depth explanations of the logic and reasoning of all mathematical concepts and what not .
here you go i guess lol you do n't need tokens
want to get some games looking for either psn or amazon .
will post my rep from here in a second due to mobile .
you do n't actually get to the point that all four party members are together until past the halfway point of the game .
until then you 're usually just working with one or two party members at a time which is a problem since rpg battle systems tend to feel pretty limited until you 've got your full party .
and now at the beginning of chapter 7 my party has been scattered to the winds and i 'm left with only lucas and boney .
note i know this is mostly untrue but i was bored so whatever .
contestant a i 'm so happy i 'm finally getting screentime even though it 's because i lowkey get eliminated today !
contestant b i want to make proud he gave me my pinnnnnnnnnnnnn
gordon btw we have someone very special and talented cooking
gordon sike it 's me lmao bet you did n't see that coming the last 40 times
a bunch of unimportant people i am telling you what i 'm making even though i 'm not going to be called .
judges walk over to the three people that will be called
30 seconds of camera zooming in on the faces of everybody in the room
gordon congrats you get the biggest advantage in the history of advantages
contestant b i did it i made him proud omg omg omg omg
contestant c i 'm getting targeted and i 'm responding with unnecessary whining because i 'm the main antagonist of the season .
judges walk around and scream at their mentees i gave you my apron i believed in you waaaaa ''
contestant d i 'm feeling confident buuuuut you never knowwwwwwwww
contestant c this is shit but i know i ai n't gon na be eliminated .
gordon we do n't need time to discuss this .
gordon now if i call your name please come to the front .
gordon yours was worse than his but you bring more ratings to our show so we 're keeping you around so you stir up drama and controversy k bye
contestant c i cant believe i got saved im never letting down again
gordon contestant a i still have no idea who tf you are .
contestant a i 'm sad but imma keep cooking you 'll see me again bla bla bla
obviously it was fine to remove their rewards because they can be obnoxious and an easy way to boost a baddie to gladiator but i still think they were a fun way to play the game .
i feel that now everyone has their band of 5 mythic squads 5v5 arena would see a lot of participation .
what better way to blow off some steam after farming your mythic than to tear up another squad of 5 on nagrand arena ?
what do you guys think would you participate if 5s made a comeback without the rewards that could get abused ?
the thing that gets me is that earlier on john titor 's comments said that only seems to be one universe following one world line and any significant changes causes a world line shift where the universe flips back and memories are wiped .
the universe where x/y/z happened has been reset and everything happened as normal only that okabe and occasionally others remembers .
as a side this in itself prevents paradoxes ca n't change something that does n't exist .
though its been instead changed to the attractor field universe forces things to happen unless changes are radical enough to break the 1 barrier . ''
however the current explanation seems to be more of a multiverse which conflicts with
the prior reset explanation you can see this when the physical time machine appears .
the s g ending has okabe goes back and sees himself at the conference before he goes to other world lines .
but i thought that him swapping world lines means that the world line he is in happened all along .
for example whenever he does a d-mail its not like he pops from one world to another its more like he did everything in a blur and the old world line is gone conference okabe going to different timelines should n't even happen using the first theory only the memories remain .
and if he did pop from one world to another then there are lots of worlds where he just abandoned with dead kurisu/mayuri or sern/ww3 .
and on the blur part since future okabe/**0**kabe ends back what is effectively a d-mail and he has reading steiner so would he wake up 15ish years later with no memory of what he did in the last 15yrs of steins gate world line all only his own ww3 timeline ?
every ocd sufferer knows the rule of not seeking reassurance and just to let it pass or eat away at you after telling yourself its not you its ocd .
there has been something on my mind that i wanted to ask my boyfriend about regarding his past .
and i am sure if i ask it will cause nothing but distress to both of us and maybe a break up .
it s been on my head for a week now .
can you guys help me maintain it and not ask for re assurance about it .
an ocd thought usually lasts 2-3 days for me so i am kind of worried .
a halloween special on dartmoor featuring the beautiful rosie flame .
so i 'm a low level 11 druid that just goofs around with this game from time to time .
took a crack at a duel got matched with a l20 .
i 've forgotten how to reject a match if anyone can help .
so i 'm thinking i 'm crushed he uses a bunch of inflictions in the first round and i used a def spell rather than safe space in the first round .
so i get safe space up expecting him to whip out a magic arrow or something and crush me but then ...
no fire no magic arrows just a barrage of failed inflictions .
we literally end up with a round count in the triple digits because he ca n't touch me as long as i keep safe space up and i do n't have the firepower to overwhelm his healing .
i experiment a little with setting up major turns along the way i 've got bleed and magic arrow equipped for pve did n't think to reset but every time i think he 's stopped paying attention he heals most of the way .
he maxes out his heat while showing off how much healing he 's got and trying to make me give up and i 'm able to run him low while he 's cooling off .
i have a round where i slap a 1 count bleed on him he 's only used one heal spell and i 'm begging for a critical on my arrows that does n't come .
when l want spectate somebody game crash every time when l try spectate is this only problem that l have ?
first off i 'm a new yakuza fan which means i only played 0 kiwami 1 2 .
to me graphics is not the most important thing in game but i still wonder if it 's good that they 're remastering 3,4,5 instead of going kiwami way .
i would like to hear your opinions regarding this matter .
should i be worried about gaming experience being a lot different than it was with 0 kiwami 1 and kiwami 2 ?
should i be ready for worse fighting system or voice acting or something else if there is any ?
the thing is i have little knowledge of the old games so i 'm not sure what to expect .
are you happy with their decision of not making the rest of the games into kiwami series ?
already go to clubs but they only meet once a week and i am not really at that stage where you just ask people to hang out or are you actually supposed to do that right away ?
assuming all academic needs are satisfied what else do i do on college campus ?
i spent first few years of college studying and isolating myself so i feel like it 's too late to start anything now .
this clearly proves that tv news channels have fully turned to the government propaganda .
that being said here is what the farmers are demanding
curb price rise universalise public distribution system ban forward trading in essential commodities
minimum wage of not less than rs 18000 per month for all workers
implementation of mgnrega in all rural areas amendment to the act to cover urban areas
but ca n't make that you stay in the same chat channel between instances
i am trying to provide some advice to a friend who manages a small business with 7 employees .
they are looking at getting a health and dental plan in place here in saskatchewan .
they have a lot of employees with families and are thinking of getting something basic to keep costs low .
does anyone have any recommendations for good insurers in saskatchewan ?
i 've looked at the plan for blue cross and see that it would cost around 40 per month for a single person 480 year and around 100 per month for a person with dependents 1,200 year .
does it usually work with the employer covering a portion of the premiums and the employee also covering a portion ?
does anyone have recommendations for a full spectrum cbd vape juice/eliqiud that does n't have pesticides or other harmful crap that can be used in the kandypens rubi pods ?
last saturday i went to a chain tire brakes oil place to get an emissions test the test passed but when i went to start my car up it would n't start .
the repair guys there thought it was a bad battery since it was 6 years old which i thought was fair so i had them replace that for 140 .
then they said it was the starter and they do n't have the power to fix it in their shop so they advise me to tow it to another place that claimed could do the repair .
they evaluate the car and say it 's not the starter it 's actually a wire that connects from the battery to the alternator .
8hrs of labor and the part is estimated to cost 2200 right now .
i asked if the damaged wire had anything to do with the emissions test and bad battery and they said no .
the business i 'm dealing with now is pep boys which i assume is reputable .
i asked another shop that i trust for a quote on the repair and they said pep boys gave me a fair price .
initially i bought it in 2015 at 9k and 110k miles from a dealer .
right now kelly blue book has it worth good condition 4346 to private buyers and 1931 to dealers .
but my car is no longer good condition it needs a 2200 repair .
edit wiring is actually main wiring harness of the vehicle
so i bought the lwl draft kit and the dobber/fantasy hockey geek draft kit this year and customized their projections for my league .
both have gotten great reviews here but they have radically different valuations for some players .
i 'm considering whether to try to average together lwl 's performance rating '' score with dobber/fhg 's fhg '' value score in the hopes that averaging these projections will even out the strengths/weaknesses of each system ?
1 is it smart to try to blend these two projections systems or should i stick with one ?
2 if i try to blend them together any suggestions on the best formula or approach to use ?
i 'm hesitant to average them together since they rate on a different scale .
i have base game no dlc or mods and need help picking his clothes .
the silver shroud costume looks really good as jokers coat but i have been rocking a tux what should i wear ?
i was having trouble finding a game because it kept forcing me into squads and that would end up glitching out .
on the main menu click the squad button in the bottom right of the screen .
then click create squad and make sure it 's set to friends-only .
now you can search for a game alone without it glitching out .
yesterday i did a lab test to check tsh and ft4 .
i had to do it in a week from now but i 'll be travelling and it 's a free government test and i would have lost the ticket if i did it after that as i 'm travelling this week .
however the government has only tsh and ft4 tests according to conventional endocrinology and adding the rest of the hormones would have been as expensive as doing a whole test so i decided to do this now and do the whole 3 hormones antibodies after i get back from vacation .
i found out i 've been taking supplements with gluten/millet the whole time so the antibodies will be high anyway .
my question is is ft4 high and is it worrisome that it has risen since the last check ?
tsh 3,850 miu/l this is really disappointing as i 've been following a different diet and the drop is insignificant
ft4 0,960 ng/dl range 0,7 1,48 this is the equivalent of 12.3571 pmol/l
ft3 was 2,240 pg/ml 1,88 3,18 but that 's irrelevant as i have n't checked that now
i read on stopthethyroidmadness https stopthethyroidmadness.com that high ft4 means the thyroid is n't working well and is producing the hormone like crazy to convert to ft3 which may or may not convert but why is that difference in lab range results ?
according to one laboratory i 'm within range according to the other i 'm not if i convert the numbers .
should i ask if i have only these two hormones tested ?
i will have a lanparty tomorrow and 40 of people attending do not have the game .
is there a safe version of csgo thats free and for lan only ?
i already know about the free csgo not working and i have my doubts with cswarzone .
had a bit of luck with recruiting for the game but some scheduling problems came up with one of my players so i 'm opening the recruitment once more .
this will be right after a tpk so completely new characters therefore no need for trying to catch up .
keep in mind that this is a system that keeps a lot of the old school vibe from first edition d d .
a lot of the mechanics you might be used to to be a norm simply do not exist and it can be incredibly unforgiving hence why a tpk happened .
there are no death saves or dying '' status once you hit 0hp that 's it you 're dead .
it 's likely you will die and when you do no amount of complaining will change that fact .
we are playing on sundays at 20:00 gmt+2 this has been working in general and will not be changed .
i value punctuality and expect my players to be on time in game and ready to play as i view it as a sign of respect .
i treat my players with respect and expect the same kind of treatment back .
if you wo n't have a good enough reason to be late/not show up that 's a yellow card two of those in quick succession and you are out no questions asked .
and no i slept in '' is not a good enough excuse .
if your time zone makes it hard for you to show up at this specific time please do not apply here .
we will be playing on roll20 and using discord for voice chat as this is the set up i 've found working best so having access to both will be a requirement .
i do n't plan on using a camera at any point but a working microphone is a must .
i 've once tried working with a player who was texting while others were using the voice chat and it just does n't work it halts the game to a crawl while everyone is waiting for the next text so no that part is non-negotiable .
english is not my first language and i do not expect for it to be yours but i do have a grasp on it to a degree that allows me to have conversations and role play/run my games without causing misunderstandings .
if this is something you find interesting please pm me the following
i do not stray from adult content in and out of my games nor do i plan on starting .
keep in mind that it does mean that there is a very good chance you might/will get offended at some point by something that could happen or by something someone might say .
i do n't censor myself and i do n't censor anyone else beyond what i deem reasonable .
and to be clear i do n't mean someone being a malicious prick those i deal with swiftly and without sentiment i mean jabs sometimes very strongly worded aimed at you but in joking manner .
what kind of character you would like to play ?
entering a clearing you see a faint light coming from a guard post at the edge of the forest about 300ft from you .
you notice no movement around and no noises other than the sounds of nature .
the post itself is a small rectangular structure maybe 15ft high with a 45ft long 55ft wide base built from stones and oak logs making up the rest including a slanted roof covered with thatch .
you look to the sky and determine it 's about midnight .
assuming you have all the tools to do what you want to do ... what would you do ?
keep it simple and vague or expand on the answer as far as you feel like is needed
is there anything you 'd like add that you think is missing from this list ?
even if you will be contacted by me be aware that it does n't guarantee you will play as there will be an interview on voice through discord beforehand to see if you will fit the group .
i feel like screaming but there 's nobody to hear me .
i 've been in a degrading toxic relationship for over 15 years .
in 2014 we bought a home in 2015 my beautiful daughter was born in august 2018 we celebrated '' 10 years of marriage with a mutually agreed decision initiated by me to have a divorce .
for over a year now i had become accustomed with the idea that a divorce is inevitable .
originally i was afraid of accepting it then i thought to myself that i can just wait it out just hold on for 10 more years let my daughter have a childhood in a family ...
both me and my wife were always heavy introverts and i guess when we found each other we just fell reliant upon each other 's presence .
i 'm not sure if there was ever true love between us or it was simply infatuation and the naivete of youth .
neither of us had much romantic experience before we met each other .
we moved in together in 2005 and we got married 3 years later without even having a full wedding just a small thing in the close family .
there were already frictions and frustrations but we were still somewhat communicative and we were still having sex .
and we both let ourselves go completely succumbing to the monotony of work and being a couch potato with zero friends and out goings .
when we bought our home a few years ago things looked bright for a short while .
but that was just the excitement of moving into our own home .
we became intimate again for a couple of months my wife got pregnant and our baby daughter was born just a few months after moving into our home .
i think the love we found for our daughter sucked up the only remaining affection we had for each other which i think was more out of necessity than anything else .
since we now had a new subject to channel all our love and affection towards we lost whatever was left connecting us directly .
add to that the stress of raising a newborn and complete lack of intimacy it generated even more friction and distance between me and my wife up to the point where we 're basically two strangers living together .
we never did anything together we have no common friends we have nothing in common or to share with each other we ca n't even enjoy the same food together since my wife turned vegan a couple of years before and no she does n't cook nor eat at home and our previously sporadic intimate relationship had completely ceased to exist years ago .
to make things worse my wife has a spending habit and if left unchecked will blow any amount of money within her reach on trivial and unnecessary things while our finances are by far not enough to allow us to make careless expenditures .
this is just another issue that leads to frequent fights and arguments between us .
after struggling with depression for years i recently started to turn my life around .
i started working out i lost about 28 pounds got in shape renewed my wardrobe which i do n't recall ever doing throughout my entire life started taking care of my appearance and started going out trying to actually live my life instead of wasting it away in front of my computer .
i 've realized that even though 36yo i 'm still an attractive man i 've started enjoying exchanging looks with women on the street started making new friends and being social outside the house meeting and talking to new people i 've basically discovered a whole new world that has been passing me by all this time .
i 've always had a high libido so being locked in a sexless marriage has always had a very bad moral impact on me and this only got worse in the most recent years .
for 15 years i 've never cheated on my wife even though for the most part we were having sex once every two months at best with the exception of maybe only our first year together .
so i figured that maybe if i go take care of my sexual needs it will eliminate a major frustration and help me be a better husband .
to my surprise it turned out that it was n't just sex i was needing but everything else as well .
i realized i was having more interesting and pleasant social interactions with call girls i 've just met than with the woman i 've known for 15 years .
it was n't just the sex it was the conversation too the smiles the laughs the whole connection package that forms between a man and a woman .
and that is how i finally accepted to myself that my marriage has been dead for a long time and both me and my wife were just dragging this corpse around with us neither of us accepting reality .
to be fair my wife did try to break up with me about 6 or 7 years ago .
and i went after her and pulled her back in .
i guess it would have been better for both of us if i would n't have been so stubborn back then in hoping things can get better .
but then again if i were to go back in time and make that choice again i 'd do the same thing all over again because out of all that misery we ended up with a beautiful daughter which is for both of us the love of our lives .
i guess the reason why i wrote all of this is because i wanted to vent it out .
me and the wife had a talk a couple of weeks ago and decided to get a divorce .
we 're in the process right now it takes about a month .
we still live together in the same home and will probably continue to do so for a couple more months for financial reasons .
we 're good on the terms luckly there have been no disputes so far and i will be getting a place nearby so i can continue to see my daugther every day and pick her up from kindergarten but even so this whole thing is breaking my heart .
i 'm trying to get my daughter used with the idea that i will no longer be living with her soon .
and the first time i told her that daddy 's going to be moving to live in his own house she said to me in a casual but slightly sad voice i 'm not going to have a daddy anymore ! ? ''
i just ca n't get it out of my head .
i keep thinking about that moment and i feel this knot in my neck and i want to scream and cry but i ca n't .
i never loved anything anywhere near so much in my whole life .
and it 's destroying me because every fiber of my being is saying not to leave to remain in this miserable toxic relationship and keep pretending we 're a family just so that this innocent little girl does n't have to suffer at all .
i feel horrible because i 'm forced to do something that will end up hurting the thing i love the most in this world .
but i ca n't allow myself to back down because i know that even if it hurts so much now and even if it will hurt my daughter and my wife too i know that it will at least open up the possibility for us to exit this state of misery and i know that if i 'm not strong enough to see this through now things will just continue to be miserable for both me and the wife and we 'll continue to have arguments and i know from first hand experience that being a child and watching your parents fight all the time is painful and will scar you for the rest of your life .
my parents had a dysfunctional relationship which drove my father into alcoholism and my mother into chronic depression and psychological scars .
i 've always hated my childhood and teen years .
i always told myself that wo n't happen to me that i will have a loving family i guess in my desire for love and a family i rushed myself into a relationship with the wrong person and ended up in the situation i was trying to avoid .
at least my parents ' mistakes have helped me accept the fact that staying in a toxic marriage for the sake of the child is only going to substitute an short intensive trauma with a long term one .
it was so hard to muster the courage to make this decision and it 's even harder to stay on course .
i get no support from anywhere around me even my wife that agrees that our marriage is dead and accepted the divorce she still blames me for being the decisive factor for breaking the family apart .
even i blame myself even i do n't support myself and feel like the bad guy in this story .
but my gut tells me to stay on course that this is the best choice i can make out of a bunch of terrible choices .
and i find myself on this emotional roller coaster that keeps going from the exhilarating sensation of freedom a fresh start simply feeling alive again all the way down to deep depression guilt fear sorrow and most of all worrying for my wife 's future and how she would be able to cope with this whole thing and how her success or failure will impact my little girl .
what if she goes into depression what if this breakup destroys her what if she does n't find a way to feel alive again the same way i am able to what if she 's never happy again .
i do n't want my daughter to watch her mother wither away .
that would be devastating to her and the worst possible outcome of this divorce .
my wife is an even bigger introvert than i am and she has a harder job than me with long hours and a not so great wage .
she already complains about not having enough time even with me around the house i have no idea how she 'll be able to cope when i 'm gone .
and i am going to remain nearby and remain as close as possible to my daughter and help them out but i 'll also be having my own battles to fight having to start over in life from nothing i simply wo n't be able to carry all of us nor do i think it would be healthy to my wife for me to do so since she 'll have to be able to stand on her own feet at some point .
it just sucks so horribly bad and i honestly just need to hear that i 'm not insane .
i need to hear that what makes sense in my head is not just in my head and that i 'm not putting my wife and daughter through suffering for selfish reasons .
i need someone to tell me i 'm not the bad guy in this horrible story because i ca n't tell anymore .
there are a lot of great quotes in the movie the departed .
my favourite is the opening line i do n't want to be a product of my environment .
i want my environment to be a product of me.
as those sober days keep ticking up i feel like i am starting to move from being a product of booze to being a creator of my own world and life again .
i thought i 'd share a few things i 'm finding helpful at the moment to put into my life
• basic budgeting keep track of outgoings and setting goals and limits for spending .
• reading 50 pages of a book a couple of days per week .
• setting a few goals around work to keep focused .
• working step seven of the programme praying to the cosmos/god daily lifelong atheist and cultivating an incipient curiosity about the universe .
• trying to bring kindness and courtesy to every interaction i have from someone selling me a coffee or someone i let into the traffic jam in front of me .
• jamming my guitar for 15 minutes a few times a week .
you can actually learn a few tunes when you 're not drinking every evening .
peace to all the folks who make this sub such a great place .
if you are wondering whether or not it 's worth getting or staying sober .
if you are lurking and wondering whether anyone cares .
lots of us are having to create something from nothing .
that 's what reading a book working planting a garden praying being kind learning guitar are all about .
i had done a lot of evacuate the shelter '' missions that were bugged and when i opened the packs today i noticed that my rewards were low compared to the number of missions i could n't do due to the bugs .
were the evacuate the shelter missions included in the make good packs ?
daex discovered online at daex.io is an open and dispersed digital currency clearing stage .
the objective of the stage is to give clearing answers for brought together crypto trades .
today there are two primary sorts of trades including unified and decentralized trades .
brought together trades give an incorporated request coordinating component for dealers .
they clutch merchants ' assets and brokers finish exchanges over the request book .
these trades are quick and have high liquidity however dealers do n't have full control of their assets .
decentralized trades work in an unexpected way they cut out the broker and enable dealers to finish p2p exchanges .
dealers have finish control of their benefits enabling them to keep up full security of their assets .
be that as it may decentralized trades frequently experience the ill effects of issues with liquidity and long exchange times .
daex gives a cross breed cryptographic money trade framework .
the objective of the stage is to consolidate the advantages of brought together and decentralized trades .
the final product in a perfect world is a stage with high security quick exchange times solid liquidity and a trustless domain .
the key development with daex is that it will isolate the clearing and exchanging administrations into various substances .
that implies incorporated trades that utilization the daex convention will have the capacity to keep giving exchanging administrations .
in any case all clearing and settlement administrations will be founded on the daex stage .
daex 's stage is an open source open blockchain that ensures the dealer 's benefits are kept in their own record .
the clearing chain unites three clients on the daex biological community including end clients incorporated trades and the daex foundation daex.io .
the foundation goes about as a scaffold associating the other two members over the daex blockchain – which is additionally called the clearing chain '' .
daex accomplishes this with a couple of basic innovations including the clearing chain the clearing account and the daex wallet .
the daex wallet will make a one of a kind open address for all kyc-confirmed customers on the clearing chain .
the wallet will likewise produce a three section private key including a client part put away on the client 's cell phone the wallet part put away in hot wallets on daex 's servers and the reinforcement part put away on the clearing chain in cool stockpiling .
the reinforcement is utilized for recuperation purposes while the client and wallet parts are required for exchanges .
customers will associate with the daex biological system through the circulated wallet .
the wallet underpins different kinds of cryptographic forms of money including btc eth qtum neo and any erc20 good token .
the individuals who add to the daex biological community – like hubs that take an interest in the clearing procedure – will get a reward as daex tokens .
i can not wait until this shenanigan is over until i collect this certificate that was illegally and unprofessionally kept away from me .
i imagine that when i finally get this certificate i 'll finally strengthen my nc with my family and cut off some others who stood and watched this happen .
i will also try to start my life afresh never bringing this subject ever again ...
but i 've been bothered by how much i just do n't want to bring this subject up again even if it might help people .
i feel that i survived this and it 's something i should carry with pride i 'm supposed to happily call these people out for the wrong they did to me ...
i mean these people succeeded with their goal of wasting two years of my life minimizing my potential and humiliating me in the midst of my colleagues who once looked up to me .
they dangled this program and certificate in my face as it it was a carrot and i was a rabbit yanking it off whenever i jump to reach it .
every time a little glimpse of thought come into my head of telling others of this abuse i imagine them thinking to themselves
so you thought you were so tough talking back those people .
uh if you 're trying to turn me against them you 're on your own.
from this abuse and every other abuse i endured in the past i learnt that telling others will worsen things .
it 's as if speaking up will only cause people to ‘realize ' how ‘weak ' or ‘foolish ' i am how i was outsmarted many time like i am the narcissist .
because this is how the narcissist twits the situations .
in the past whenever i explained myself i would stammer i would cry i would forget important aspects of the abuse i 'd be screaming while the narcissist/s will stand calmly and maturely explaining themselves .
because of this i would be belittled and treated like a child rather then be helped by the third-party .
sometimes the narcissist will laugh it off and even goaded people to treat me like a puppet constantly pushing my buttons to make me react then playing it off ... it 's almost like they 're teaching this narcissist me humility i do n't know how to really describe this but in short i 'd always be mocked .
when i also explained my abuse i noticed that people who once held me in high regard lost respect for me the same way people loose respect for strong women advocates who they find out is actually being abused by her own husband .
she 's so much better than this and yet could allow herself endure so much nonsense for so long ?
she must be really insecure. they 'd all tell themselves .
this is why i did not tell any of my other friends about the abuse i endure but instead kept them all at a distance .
they all believe that i am working on a secret project .
most of them admire me and see me as this very brilliant talent and strong and inspirational female and so there 's this shame in letting them know what i endured the mistreatment how i had two years of my life wasted by standing up for myself .
i mean if you hear that just one individual is being turned against by many people in an organization and even her family you 'd have to assume that she is the problem .
sometimes i 'd also remember times i was at fault i should have been more patient i should n't have broken that glass in anger i should n't have allowed their words get to me so easily ...
somehow i also believe it will make me vulnerable to other predators so i feel like it 's best i take this horrendous experience to my grave .
... yet something inside of me feel so incomplete ... especially how the narcissist force their way back into my life will always try to act like they do n't know what happened making people to ask
why are n't you talking to him/her/them ? ... to start explaining myself again ... no .
i just want to get this whole thing behind me ...
home remedies to get rid of dandruff using baking soda http www.yoyobeauty.com/using-baking-soda-get-rid-dandruff .baking powder is a wonderful remedy for dandruff.baking powder works as a natural remedy for dandruff
was coming in from thrupp just past kidlington at 10 today which is well past rush hour and it 's taken around an hour .
i do n't see any cause of the traffic .
does anyone know what the hell is going on ? ? ?
i do n't normally drive in so it could be that this is just what driving in oxford is like now ?
malta 's valletta palazzo is up for sale bitcoin crypto btc cryptocurrency ... https t.co/8auy4xxbdd
join telegram channel for free crypto bot crypto signal https t.me/cryptosignalalert
mftu platform is ensuring smooth and amazing entertainment to everyone across the world as the platform encourages new and pro artists by distributing and promoting their work at affordable prices .
hey everyone 22 mtf here hrt 3 months or so i was curious if anyone had any experience riding a motorcycle while starting on hrt ?
i 'm worried that it will keep my shoulders pecs and triceps big ?
i ca n't schedule a pickup cause it 's a parcel select ground 🙄
never said i wanted la liga games played in america .
your comment is the exact type of overreaction that made me want to make my original comment in the first place
i 'm gon na go with the last one on the right !
if/when you get a leader youll wish you had him .
i do n't care if my wife got me to watch arrested development .
i had heard of it before she did that so she had nothing to do with it .
my options for flex rn 8 team ppr are ajayi derrick henry and brandin cooks but looking at picking up conner if bell has n't reported by tomorrow .
i was planning on starting ajayi but if bell does n't play would conner be the better start ?
i 've looked at betterhelp but i think i might do in person free for me .
i 've done counseling in the past and it worked wonders for me .
i 've been saying and thinking this for years ! !
i always wondered if anyone else thought the same .
i do n't transfer them because they 're special to me and i like revisiting the excitement of finding them .
i 've even maxed a few for those reasons despite poor ivs or meta ability .
funny that you mention doctors because i feel like they never know the right 'fix . '
career politicians and other factors have stagnated a governance system that was intended to be living and changeable .
i live in ut and i could blather about this topic for hours .
ca 's laws are decades ahead of utah 's .
yeah playing online is like social gaming without the social but if you can do it with your family that could n't be a bad thing .
its on my to watch list so ill get arond to it eventually
you never do realize how abusive people are until you 're away from them .
this is how i have been with my mom ...
i spent my whole just trying and hoping things would change but when i finally gave up and got away from her god i realized how horrible she is .
and being around her is horrible for your mental health .
i grew up to be just like her too until i realized that this is a shitty way to be .
together 11 years and she called the cops and lied and said he strangled her and all this crazy ass shit .
his son was there and said that did not happen at all ...
people like this are most likely mentally ill and there 's no point in trying .
he 's still sad over her but he realizes she has been against him pretty much the whole relationship and just how bad he was treated by her .
it 's way better for your mental health to just get away from these types of people .
stay far away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so what would happen if he did n't catch her ?
it looks like she would just slide like him most likely without any major injury .
nag check ako sa kanila mas mura sa kanila yung arctis 3 and 5 .
unting dagdag na lang makakapag arctis 3 or 5 na ako kapag sa dynaquest pc ako bumili .
i was in ireland for the first week of october 2016 .
to me they really cut his balls off with the punk match .
i forget what now but they were obviously building punk to something and he was never going to lose to ryback because of it .
idk it was pretty blatantly telegraphed and ryback really should n't have been put in a spot where he was going to take a loss at that exact moment in time .
i 'm sure the snippet we heard was probably a demo version of it .
i have full confidence in lana and i 'm sure it 'll be great .
but i do my 100 pushups all in one sitting once a day do you suggest i just add another session somewhere else in the day ?
i found it so fun doing those trophies legit and i would n't have been motivated to push for it without them
so i guess no one is surprised i 'm single when i 'm single
hopefully you know the game is in an abysmal state with memory leaks lag some regions and things like mounted combat almost unplayable .
it 's fine if you just want to visit the world but the client is really old does n't run well on any hardware and the game is pretty bad in terms of end game grind and features trying to push you to the store .
going f2p pretty much ruined the game compared to the state of the game when it had a monthly sub .
the devs put out a few small content updates a year but the game is in maintenance mode for all purposes now .
great game but much worse with the changes in the last few years .
if you are ok with things like it taking a minute to open a bank bag or mounted combat being unplayable then you can still enjoy it .
how about i paid for unlimited service not this bait and switch shit .
the only thing that kills me about this is the old guy does such an amazing job only to have woody spend the rest of the movie getting dirty in an hvac system and at the airport .
works fine for me even if not on wifi and i 'm inbfe
theres rubber ducks and my warlock is named ducklord .
i 've been rewatching all of her stuff and though you could argue she did n't hit her stride till what the alt-right fears '' you have to see her go in alpha males '' that 's where she started lighting into the golden one '' and how i became a feminist sjw '' kinda gives you her full background and helps you understand why she has alt-right rhetoric dialed in so well .
i 'm just running through the comments now and posting a link to part two for those who asked .
i 'm sorry if this is annoying https www.reddit.com/r/threekings/comments/9d15ci/the_red_book_game_2_i_tried_to_enter_again ? utm_source=reddit-android
dark was the night cold was the ground blind willie johnson
edit bonus if you can find a recording of charlie manson and his family singing this super creepy tune .
it 's called i 'll never say never to always
i think the main issue was that it was attracting huge amounts of sharks encouraging them to approach boats and humans and making it difficult and dangerous for locals doing water activities https www.google.co.nz/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/29/jaws-new-zealand-town-attack-great-white-sharks-cage-divers
i broke into the top hundred on the reddit league and i fell asleep so happy that night .
be prepared for the govt to try to capture some revenue by taxing the increase in value of property around newport ...
this was mentioned in the first mm2 feasibility study as a way of recouping some of the cost
i 'm pretty sure the throw pulled the 2nd baseman off and he missed the tag .
did you try clicking the forsaken logo in the director ?
i ca n't speak much on the nfl situation because i do n't even like football or watch it but for the most part boycotts are easily forgotten and insignificant .
but i 'm not doubting that there are people who keep their word .
agent said they will get stock very soon '' so i called the agent on it and asked what does very soon mean 1 wk 2 wks 3wks ? .
agent said they did n't know the exact timing ... .what a bunch of bs !
all i got in the end was a personal follow-up when the item will be back in stock .
yeah i plan on getting out next year and not doing that kinda work so hopefully that wo n't be an issue for me .
we ask that answers in this subreddit be in-depth and comprehensive and highly suggest that comments include citations for the information .
in the future please take the time to better familiarize yourself with the rules http www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/rules wiki_write_an_in-depth_answer and be sure that your answer demonstrates these four key points
do i have the expertise needed to answer this question ?
can i cite academic quality primary and secondary sources ?
the world is n't wizard jizz it 's just weird and prohibitive and really technology 's just nature we taught to do cool tricks '' exurb1a favorite youtuber of mine say it with a rhythm to get the rhymes
i think stomach issues are pretty common on the comeup .
i usually always have to sit and focus on breathing to avoid nausea .
when they merged a server in kr they basically added t to the end of the usernames so that 's what you ended up typing in for the mailbox and pms and stuff .
oh believe me it was easier to get workin on windows 10 than getting fallout4 to work on my laptop a few months ago .
the real issue with 3 and new vegas is the constant crashing .
only fix for that i 've found is inatalling modded fixes .
but imagine how uncomfortable tho.is groin encumbrance a thing ?
i 'm a girl and i would n't second look it .
do n't worry too much she 's probably either flattered or is n't really thinking of it too much .
what if both parties are just faking it for the other ?
i am considering buying a pair of quoddy maliseet moccasins and i have a few questions .
first of all it 's pretty warm here and i 'll probably wear them barefoot with shorts at least half of the time .
would suede be cooler/more comfortable in a warm climate than say chromexcel or cavalier ?
also would the rugged sole look worse than the camp sole if wearing them with shorts ?
i kind of like having a more durable sole that is better in multiple seasons but i do n't want to look silly wearing then in summer .
i guess i 'll just straighten the axles and get some replacement surfboards .
her base radius is 24 8 it 's pretty scary lol
because the giants were a good team that had major injury problems last year .
they one year tanked to barkley they should be right back to 9 wins next year .
i 'll be honest i still think she looks cute af and would still use her .
in fact i actually kinda want my own demon laffey now ...
no offence op but for people wanting to try this just stir fry .
it takes a fraction of the sauce a fraction of the time and will taste better .
if you insist on slow cooker at least sear the beef .
yeah for an oil finish avoid using a mild detergent like dawn entirely .
edit in fact naptha might be a bad idea no ?
it is a quick path to lifelong poverty not only for the parents but also the kid .
and definitely i hope they go up for preorder soon .
it 'd suck to just have 4/6 of the team..
was on the fence about picking this up until jim 's video but now i 'm sold .
also am i the only one thinking spidey 's costume is a little tron-ish ?
this has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move .
i did one sprint and then 5 olys with my first 70.3 on sunday .
i have no interest in ever doing a full i just do n't want to spend that much time training and that much time during the event .
for next year i am planning on 2 70.3s and 4-6 olys .
i may throw a local sprint in there just to do it quick one morning but sprints are a bit too quick in my opinion especially if any travel is involved .
i think my sweet spot will be olys but that may all change on sunday if i get hooked on 70.3
i was halfway through chapter 4 before i realized i 'd already beaten '' the game .
finished up anyway but i 'm pretty done with that game now .
well it looks like the white supremacists are really just russian trolls so that 's a positive
well if they actually end up posting spoilers here ... they most likely wo n't but it 's worth a shot
so if shadow takes place 2 months after rise are the comics now considered non-canon ?
there 's a part in the survivors crusade arc where over a year passes while lara is training/finding herself .
how many of you guys actually realise how important ui is to get people onto crypto ?
i mean look at bittrex they used to have a pretty intuitive design then someone came and changed up their ui and it 's really shit .
projects that put an effort on their interface will lead in adoption .
so what projects do you see have great ui ?
now i ca n't log back in at all .
not my internet either as i 'm using it right now to post this .
pls research rojava aka democratic federation of northern syria before responding
by best '' i mean least coercive '' where coercion '' is understood to mean using violence to counteract the will of the individual this can be active like holding a gun to someone 's head or passive like not feeding someone .
now obviously by this definition some coercion is necessary rapists and human traffickers for example must be at least passively coerced into not doing those things if only to prevent the coercion of others .
so that in mind it appears to me that rojava 's is the least coercive system in the world .
they have gender equality and ethnic/religious tolerance in their constitution all decisions are made democratically most of the economy is owned and controlled by the workers etc .
edit it turns out that one of the autonomous militias supporting rojava may have child soldiers .
i now have a more critical view of rojava .
where can you look up serving sizes for oral food challenges for nuts ?
i 'm pretty sure within the past 48 hours i saw a post that marked on the in game app where the three arc charges are as well as the chests for each area of the dreaming city .
want to levelup your steam profile do n't have time to buy trading card sets one by one .
change your csgo keys tf2 keys gems into steam trading card sets level up your steam profile easily in few seconds .
add the bot type ! help in chat to get started .
every single information about commands prices stock how to use the bot is listed on bot 's steam profile steam profile info box .
2nd bot 's steam profile https steamcommunity.com/id/bunnylevelup2 prices maybe different from 1st one
owner 's steam profile if you face any issues http steamcommunity.com/id/junglibunny
i am looking for card set suppliers who can supply trading card sets on regular basis .
if you want to be a card set supplier add owner directly so that we can talk about rates .
please leave a comment on my steam profile that you are adding about trading card sets before adding me .
dota 2 items are also welcome with the same value of those keys
i 'm a senior and have a gpa of 3.55 and sat score of 1260 .
i 'm also a part of 10 clubs but i doubt that it matters .
if i ea do you think that i can get in or do i have to ed to get in .
the ultimate bloodbath shall commence the best of björk fashion survivor !
these are the outfits you voted as the ultimate best from each era .
over half of them are from the album covers .
will one of these win or will an underdog ?
with so many iconic and beautiful choices each round is sure to be difficult .
rule change since this is a best of survivor we must go back to voting for your least favorite look like all but the last survivor have been .
this will only work if you vote off your least favorite !
may the odds be ever in our favorites ' favors !
in the pvp expeditions you could have a similar playstyle where you can periodically go over to the other side and disrupt their progress .
killing a player when the boss has spawned heals the boss etc .
blizzard would need to make either the npc 's a lot better or the mobs we kill a lot harder but it still could work .
this could just be crazy talk but i am having an absolute blast with the gambit mode in destiny right now .
1 i bought the legend edition for nhl 19 on ps4 but did not get to choose between the 5 legend cards it says it gives you .
2 i played the beta and put some hours in on world of chel but i did not get to keep my player when nhl 19 was released .
you get bored you want a girlfriend and you decide you 're going to change me .
you discover i 'm more of a beta male but a little more headstrong .
so this is n't going to be easy at first but not impossible .
you have a trick hypnosis that can change that .
when you start i do n't know anything 's amiss..
you get a kick out of it at first seeing me squirm begging you not to do this .
i plead no to avail and the more i do for your amusement you 're going to draw it out .
you want to see me squirm as you do it .
as you lure or force me into each article of clothing jewelry or makeup my will erodes and it gets easier .
i no longer resist i just let you do it even helping .
as you make the changes in clothing you decide to also work on my mind to make me more the person you desire .
or maybe it 'd be more fun to wait let the situation sink in then go for the mind .
make me the girl you want me to be .
once you 've started on the mind i ca n't stop you .
you do this at will and allow me to revert male when you 're done with me to start again next time .
if allowing to revert and if using hypnosis you can use other means to make slight permanent changes a little bit of curve through food or drug hair etc .
you can make this slow lasting multiple plays and not make all changes in one go .
i have a problem with the new arcus slam the ground '' melee .
sometimes it 's not working although i sprint and jump before using as mentioned in the description .
i 'm pretty sure i do something wrong but i have no idea what it is .
pacio platform has a lot of features for its users .
here every user can do easy accounting or funding management .
all operations are transparent immutable and incorruptible because it used a blockchain .
the main goal of pacio to reduce data loss and errors .
do n't hesitate to build business with us https www.pacio.io https www.pacio.io
add the bot type ! help in chat to get started .
information about commands prices stock how to use the bot is listed on bot 's steam profile info box .
owner 's steam profile if you face any issues http steamcommunity.com/id/infernoluciferum
i am looking for card set suppliers who can supply trading card sets on regular basis .
add the bot type ! help in chat to get started .
information about commands prices stock how to use the bot is listed on bot 's steam profile info box .
owner 's steam profile if you face any issues http steamcommunity.com/id/infernoluciferum
i am looking for card set suppliers who can supply trading card sets on regular basis .
any youtube stats on hourly views likes dislikes of the videos ?
hello i have selected which pokemon are my best but i 'm not sure if they are good/bad or awesome .
can you tell me for each and explain me why so i could have a better understanding ?
hey guys just started streaming im and aussi bloke who loves some bants !
come hang out and tank some trash with me !
im playing wow with the boys at the moment !
australian unsw sydney scientists have made a remarkable discovery about what is lurking in the brains of people with schizophrenia giving them new clues about what might cause the illness .
researchers at neuroscience research australia found increased numbers of immune cells which are a type of white blood cell in the brains of schizophrenia patients something not previously thought to be important .
so thirsting blade says you can attack https roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/combat h-attack with your pact weapon twice instead of once whenever you take the attack https roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/combat h-attack action on your turn https roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/the 20order 20of 20combat h-your 20turn .
if i use the attack action with another weapon then use my off-hand to attack with my pact blade i can still attack twice with the pact blade ?
though this game has been taken off playstore and consequently in-app purchases iaps do n't work game is really a blast to play for both the casual and competitive kind .
the live events still run and the slow yet idle simple yet complex mechanism is a big draw for me .
for those on android the apkpure link still provides the most updated version with all features friend codes free gems from ads live events running as well .
lastly if you do get hooked do share your experience and of course your friendcode as well most of the other threads are old.. so yeah .
i find the only parts of my day where i 'm present is during salat .
my mind is constantly constructing false stories of previous events and predicting future events .
i 'm a new coder and i 'm trying to get my program to execute the program if the user answers yes .
how would i make my code repeat the first block of code again ?
i 've had my ball python for a few years a mojave but am fairly new to online community and am just recently finding out how deep the rabbit hole goes as far as morphs .
i 'm wondering what everything here thinks are the most popular ones .
i 've noticed a ton of people with bananas .
i think lemon blasts look amazing but never see anyone talking about them .
templars nights invade jerusalem i seen the battle in person last night .
arabs defending the scrolls of islam cos if templars get them they can rule the world and worship satan .
all the arabs were murdered when they got the scrolls then came sun dials and forgotten geometry and catholicism was created b i was watching battle last night had spear thrown at me by arab woke up shocked dazed confused catholicism is paganism
this is the first time my girlfriend tried weed .
watched human traffic '' with m'lady and ate all of the cookies 8 each .
i had zero experience with eating cannabis but smoked all the time yeah you know the script .
sat for best part of the movie with no effects so just kept eating .
we 're in ca n't breath '' laugh mode and it dawns on me that this is only going one way .
by the time we knew the whitey was incoming we were struggling to get to up the stairs to the bathroom .
i lay over the side of the bath puking while she vommed into the toilet .
she stopped being sick long enough for me to push her into the hall while both ends of me exploded .
i exited to find her passed out sleeping i gave her sips of water never experienced cotton mouth like it then dragged her into bed where we both passed out .
we continued to feel fucked up until probably the thursday .
it was 2 days of us shaking our heads and exhaling in disbelief .
i see all of these super strength '' edibles appearing in the us and am terrified about the prospect of people od '' ing you know what i mean .
any idea what eating an 1/8th hash would translate to in terms of mg ?
i 'm currently stuck against jin and malos in chapter 7 and only now hearing about how aux cores are actually pretty awesome .
problem is the available information does n't list the locations for specific aux cores except for the level v ones .
in particular i want to get the following aux cores
if anyone knows where exactly to find these it would be a big help to me .
note i have tried using the spreadsheets already available they provide no information on locations aside from level v aux cores ... which are way outside my level range right now 50-55 .
our relationship is bumpy but say.g things like this and being this sour is not normal .
we have a cat together first of all we are not allowed to have any pets in our apartment .
i requested a letter from my doctor to have an emotional support animal due to my depression and anxiety .
when we found our kitty he paid for the adoption and filled out the papers since the check was on his name .
he keeps telling me that if i eve leave him i will not get the cat even though he is not allowed to have her without me he will get rid of her but i will not have her .
and he says this while we are good and he 's in good mood .
i think it 's fair that i would be the one who takes the cat .
itt post some life mottos that are impactful to you in some way .
does n't mean they are your creed just something pithy that makes you think about how you live your life .
there have been some 1 vs 1 occasions where i have knifed clash to expose her feet and it seems like she can just swap to her sidearm and start shooting before i can recover from the knife animation and ads .
and if it is that would mean you need a weapon capable of killing a 3 armor op fast enough with hipfire ?
the patriarchs ii is recruiting college students and dads alike !
we are a group of guys who have limited time to play games due to school work and kids .
right now we have a consistent number for nightfall runs but want to get enough people to raid this season .
many of us are not new to destiny and most of us have been playing since the original release .
if you are a casual player who has limited time we are the clan for you !
and can keep your chats on discord pg due to some members having kids .
if you meet those and are interested in joining message me here and i will get in touch with you !
edit if you are interested in joining please send me a message .
trying to keep everything straight has been a hassle with some people commenting .
sending me a message makes my life easier as i 'm the only one handling the recruiting .
i might be getting the terminology wrong so i 'll try to clarify what i mean first .
i formatted and installed stock win10 being the general win10 for essentially all pcs not the win10 with the acer applications and whatnot that comes when you first buy the computer .
is there a way to download the acer package '' so that it adds the acer skin '' of win10 ?
if not what about the acer specific win10 .iso ?
i 've googled around a bit and have only found what i 'm looking for with 3rd party drivers sites .
i 've read that blue is a good one off as well as ultimate spider-man but would love some advice and input from my fellow web-heads !
my first wish is that someone looks past this broke market and gives me 17 keys for my gorgeous chameleon decal .
my second wish is that some generous soul will give me 3 keys for my biomass so they can flip it for a huge item overpay from some noob with crimson dracos on his merc with a gg the clown topper and a boost that does n't match anything .
and my third wish is for me to be able to trade off some of my painted hikaris have all but fg and saffron for someones painted reapers .
in computing https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/computing a denial-of-service attack dos attack is a cyber-attack https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyber-attack in which the perpetrator seeks to make a machine or network resource unavailable to its intended users https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user computing by temporarily or indefinitely disrupting services https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/network_service of a host https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/host network connected to the internet https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet .
denial of service is typically accomplished by flooding the targeted machine or resource with superfluous requests in an attempt to overload systems and prevent some or all legitimate requests from being fulfilled .
in a distributed denial-of-service attack ddos attack the incoming traffic flooding the victim originates from many different sources .
this effectively makes it impossible to stop the attack simply by blocking a single source .
a dos or ddos attack is analogous to a group of people crowding the entry door of a shop making it hard for legitimate customers to enter disrupting trade .
criminal perpetrators of dos attacks often target sites or services hosted on high-profile web servers https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_server such as banks or credit card https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/credit_card payment gateways https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/payment_gateway .
revenge https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revenge blackmail https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blackmail 2 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denial-of-service_attack cite_note-2 3 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denial-of-service_attack cite_note-3 4 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denial-of-service_attack cite_note-4 and activism https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/activism 5 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denial-of-service_attack cite_note-5 can motivate these attacks .
with that being said with using all these internet wonders including facebook instagram snapchat tinder twitter and so on including all the media outlets and websites where you inform yourself you get struck by tons of information at once and even when you read it all our brains need time to compile all that and set order to all of the information .
that is the reason why people get tired exhausted including depressed and anxious .
this is also very applicable on porn which stimulates our prime instincts and dopamine explosions thus opening a firewall '' to all incomming connections into our brain .
i 'm an ex-programmer and this is how i compare it i wish you all the best .
so i stopped all drugs saturday night in my earlier post i tell what i have done this weekend .
sunday i wad just tired which is normal after a weekend full of drugs .
i went to sleep woke up for school and now everything feels like im still in a dream i am having panic attacks and i cant type .
i have been writing this for about 30 minutes trying not to have spelling mistakes what happened ?
the drugs i took friday were 100-150mg of molly 100ug of acid 20mg of focalin had a beer or two and smoked 2 blunts and had about 2 bowls from a weed vape .
on saturday i had another 2 beers 100 morning glory seeds more weed and 40mg of focalin .
sunday i didnt take any as i said and today its horrible yesterday i felt fine is it depersonalization or just a hangover ?
i 'm just looking for a study buddy for a night and no it 's not an innuendo .
di naman to date eh pero may 3 free dad jokes ka from me which is redeemable anytime .
daldalin din kita para hindi ka maka aral or work .
and if we ever click naks naman 😉 maybe we can do this regularly kahit mahal ang kape tangina .
so hit me up not literally if you 're down .
went 6 rounds in when i had well over 30mil before starting at the last second the host left and i migrated to solo but could n't do anything .
had to force close warframe and when i loaded back my balance was 30mil .
seriously my sparrow could win the war with the sheer amount of explosive capability .
an easy no bake rocky road cheesecake recipe – a chocolate cheesecake packed with marshmallows and topped with melted chocolate .
jessica justin and zach knew hannah was in the hot tub on the night she was raped .
it seems likely they were in the house while it was happening .
assuming she had screamed and they heard her what would they have done ?
as far as we know none of the three knew bryce was in the hot tub with her at the time .
based on his history it seems likely justin would not have done anything particularly since he probably had a pretty good idea bryce was the one causing the screaming .
i think it is likely jessica would have been inclined to at least try and see what was going on .
i think justin would have felt more strongly about doing nothing than jessica felt about doing something and would have probably convinced her to do nothing .
at the end of season 1 i would have felt fairly confident in thinking he would have been inclined to do nothing .
based on what we learned in season 2 one would like to think he would have been inclined to take some action but i do think it is very much an open question .
i 'm inclined to think he would n't have done anything but believe it is a close call .
the question presents somewhat of a rorschach test of your view of zach .
if you see him as basically a good guy who has weak moments at inopportune times you probably think he would have done something .
if you view him as a person who is capable of decency but who at least at that time was not quite a good guy then you think he would have done nothing .
i think she just shut down and went into survival mode .
to the extent she was thinking rationally i think she would have correctly concluded that screaming was unlikely to do any good and would only have resulted in her being hurt even worse .
i am simply trying to see how people think justin jessica and zach would have reacted if they heard her scream .
can anyone tell me if it 's possible to safely mount a 24 inch light bar on the front bumper ?
i have the stock metal front bumper with the two holes in the top from where the license plate holder was removed .
i want to put a light bar on it due to living in the middle of bfe where it 's hard to spot deer at night .
if not on the bumper where would be best ?
i do n't want a huge 50 inch light bar across the top i just do n't personally like that look
this would be a first time party experience for both of us .
would you recommend this as a first time experience ?
we are a young couple and this seems like a good event for meeting other couples our age .
as the title says i am stuck between 2 laptops both sold by the company eluktronics .
the first one is their mech-15hs 1st gen which would be configured with an i7 7700hq gtx 1070 8gb ram 256gb pcie ssd and has a mechanical keyboard .
also this computer is about 1.5 '' thick and weighs 6lbs
or the n950kp6 i7 7700 desktop cpu gtx 1060 6gb 8gb ram 256gb pcie ssd 1tb hdd .
the devil 's in the details so hang with me ... .
i am in my twenties i ask that any potential partner is over the age of 18 as most roleplay i get involved in usually contains mature content such as violence dark themes and the like .
i always make an attempt to warn partners if i know of an impending issue in schedule .
if i do not know ahead of time bear in mind that life comes first .
i have had a few snags recently but i am sincerely hoping that i 've seen the last of that sporadic behavior for some time .
i prefer that you do n't mind ooc chatter considering some days one just does n't feel like rping and needs to talk .
i reserve a different email thread for ooc as well as any rp question that may come up once we start .
hangouts is an option here but i can not always access it nor promise that i 'll see your message in a timely manner .
i am willing to answer any questions that come my way all you have to do is pm me .
be mindful that i do not check reddit every five seconds .
it may take a little while to get back to you from your initial message .
i play male or female characters in any setting .
i do n't mind side characters but i do not normally double mains .
i could be persuaded otherwise for a good enough plot .
my character is not me your character is not you .
all that matters is that you want to write with me .
if you want to tell me that is up to you .
i also do not play myself nor in first person .
i can be talked into other relationships for the right story .
if something is not working for you please tell me .
i am a mature adult and i can handle rejection .
i do not intentionally disappear on my partners and it would be nice to know what can be improved or changed in the future – or we can work it out and try an entirely different plot that meshes better .
this being said i will stop responding if you seem to be uninterested or consistently do not help drive the story forward .
i will give you feasible chances to change and if you still do n't help to continue – i 'm not going to waste my time .
a little world-building can save a lot of floundering later on and i 'd like to sketch out at least a little bit before we begin .
this includes both the setting surroundings plot and characters .
story lines or general ideas can also be discussed .
i will politely decline to keep responding to you if you can not produce anything over one line or incomplete sentences .
the purpose of this long thought-out advert is to deter you from wasting my time and your own .
i 'm completely unavailable on sundays wednesdays and some saturdays .
each second friday of the month for 4 days after or so i will be sporadic in responses .
you may absolutely ask why my schedule is so hectic if you 're curious .
on a good day i may be able to get in 2 posts or more .
for the majority of the time i can commit to two to four posts per week .
that being said if it has been 3 days or more since i have responded feel free to send me an ooc email to remind me .
your email may have been one i opened on my phone and did not reset as unread .
i range anywhere from three to six paragraphs plus depending on inspiration and necessity .
my intro description or detail posts will obviously be longer than simple conversation .
i am hoping for at least three or more paragraphs from a potential partner .
anything less just feels like it will not drive the story forward unless we are heavily into quick-fire dialogue .
i have never seen a situation where a couple of paragraphs was too hard to muster even when doing dialogue however .
it is the easiest way for me to keep track of everything .
i may also be persuaded to use google docs but that is also a less convenient platform .
it will take longer to give you a reply this way .
my apologies but i will not be changing to any other platforms it is simply too inconvenient for me .
darker themes – complicated relationships gore/survival horror drama high low or dark fantasy sci-fi steampunk dystopian crime noir crime drama law enforcement/criminal diamond in the rough space adventures piracy/seafaring historical fiction western/fantasy slice-of-life elements ... . a vibrant mix of several you name it and we can talk it over and see if we can find something we will both enjoy .
romance is a highly preferred subplot but things should develop organically .
i do not want this to be the main focus of any rp .
it is likely i will get disinterested if we do not include romance in the plot to a greater or lesser degree .
it 's just something i enjoy writing and i enjoy the complications it will inevitably bring .
nsfw content is not necessarily off-limits but please be aware that i would like to discuss things first and do n't really prefer being bullied into anything .
each is in the my character/your character format please ask if anything interests you .
marvel mcu willing to come up with something we both like and willing to play multiple characters .
mostly only interested in playing an oc versus another oc or canon character .
dc universe mostly cinematic and some knowledge about the comics .
willing to play multiple characters and some oc 's such as harley quinn and poison ivy for example .
also willing to play an oc with a canon character .
if not we can take the basic premise and run with it .
male/female pairings i am basically willing to play male oc 's in various storylines in any setting/genre/universe .
suggest something to me i may have a character for it or i may be willing to .
i 'm much better playing a male in a fantasy-oriented setting .
even as simple as a vampire living next door .
the fine line between work and play – this involves the oc/john wick in which i would be playing the original character .
do n't ask why i 'm craving this lately – i just am .
if you 'd be willing to play him i would be forever grateful .
this involves a great deal of fighting the more terrible evil and being forced to partner up .
both with a jaded past find a kind of comfort with one another .
first it would begin as friends then escalate into more .
this in turn would cause a great deal of issues for both .
each has their own flaws their own pasts and their own extreme desire to reconnect with someone no matter the cost .
unlikely romance with the beginnings of unrequited or taboo love growing between two people .
perhaps one is in a highly abusive environment or relationship and the other offers some solace safety and eventually strong care and emotional attachment .
it 's complicated does n't begin to cover it .
a troublemaker and an officer – one of them is a supernatural creature causing a bit of trouble .
perhaps they are freshly out of school and seem to think they can do whatever they please .
the officer would have his hands full chasing this person all around a given city only to come to the realization that this person is n't entirely human ... .and they are not necessarily the one causing all of the havoc that has begun rising on the streets .
they also need the officer 's help to get out of a bad situation .
there are many more i could list but i 'm mostly craving the ones i wrote above at the moment .
i prefer anything with an element of fantasy which means i will prefer any offers for it over completely realistic .
of course two human characters fighting dragons is not completely realistic i will accept that .
that being said i am more than willing to incorporate slice-of-life as well .
it just can not be the main focus as i will get bored with hyper-realistic play .
i can and will refuse any rp i want but it is likely that i will give it a shot first if we mesh well together in our initial conversations .
do not contact me with a situation in which you are or you want a dm/gm type ... .
i do not like this type of rp and you will not be changing my mind .
do not expect rapid-fire posts or conversations from me constantly i will reply when i am able i promise .
anyone seeking nothing but nsfw roleplay can keep looking i prefer rich story characters and worlds .
anyone seeking to play ourselves in an rp can keep on looking as well .
please contact me via private message i do not respond to comments or chats .
i will provide you with my email after we talk a bit and start to get more comfortable and settle initially on something to do .
if i seem to have missed your message or email in 2 or max 3 days send another and i will reply right away .
any good/polished gacha games that provide a lot of summons or easy way to access summons ?
anyone else notice how matt specifically mentions that jesters mothers appartments have a completely different door to all the others in the tavern and that it was a gift from a former patron ?
fc cincinnati wins the last game of the dirty river derby .
the pimples keep coming not as bad as before but i 'm wondering what the next step is for someone with rosacea as well as regular acne .
the finacea i use helps with the redness and flushing and some spots but not completely .
please fill out the following to the best of your ability .
this is a tool for your dm to work with you to fit your character into the setting so feel free to use vague language aimed more at the intent tone and feeling of your character than the specifics .
for example you dont need to know the name of your home town but you should describe if it was a busy market town a sleepy farmers villager or a fantastical airship port etc .
also remember that we as players can know more about our characters than our characters know about themselves .
you may know that your character fears being alone but the character may not have accepted their need for others .
this file is a tool for you and the dm .
treat this as a spring board to the character that you actually play .
did they stay in one play or move around ?
was there any major hardship in their youth or teens ?
what was the key event that set your character on their journey ?
consider what was the impetus to make your character a character we all want to know about through your role playing .
where did you first realise you had an interest in your profession/class ?
what events took place that earned your background for this character ?
what were you doing in the time between your formative years and the start of the campaign ?
what makes you the kind of person who is willing to work with others in a group ?
if your answer is they arent '' you may need to consider changing your character idea discuss with the dm
its okay to want to be wealthy but why do they want money ?
if you cant think of any make sure your group knows this and is okay with it out of character
what wrong would they feel compelled to right if it happened right in front of them ?
first ever options trade please inform me how i 'm an idiot .
getting into the options game at the perfect time right ? ...
did n't see a post for this episode yet but holy crap a lot of stuff went down .
whenever i play a game with friends or randos their voice chat indicator will be on but i will hear absolutely nothing .
my game also does n't pick up on my mic and acts like i do n't have one connected to my computer .
dude ... bring shanahan in and name him hc.. demote quinn to dc ... for the sake of this season and team potential .
too many care about their title etc ... what happen to just wanting to win championships ?
with all the stuff he did the violation at the hospital neglecting to save people and basically ending the world .
i feel like i actually related to him which is why i get so pissed off at the people who gave him trouble specifically people like gendo or asuka .
and it 's why i feel that he was justified in strangling asuka it 's about time someone put her in her place that stupid bitch .
anyways does he deserve to be in hell for the things he did or failed to do .
side question am i the only one that thinks that asuka should have stayed dead after third impact ?
i just ca n't stand people like her with her obnoxious and bitchy attitude and callous treatment of others .
first time acting for strangers on the internet or in general !
this is a little weird but man this is so fun .
sara i do not want you to think i am stealing your monologue i read and watched your performance and i felt as if the words truly spoke and related to me that i needed to try it .
i have n't cut my hair in a while and i 'm wearing a huge sweater but i 'm comfy .
maybe even give ideas or roles that i can try out and do !
i was thinking about giving my critique on myself in the comments below but i want to hear what you have to say first .
my dimples in this video do n't really help with the seriousness of the whole situation but i guess trying out different roles and trying to become it is a challenge i 'm up for !
file is too large to be formatted in reddit .
it feels like players who did n't go out of their way to abuse bugs are being punished while cheaters are getting a free pass .
i played the hell out of the game for launch .
i did my weeklies on two of them and i played some beyond that .
cheaters get to keep the raid gear they glitched .
cheaters get to keep the prime engrams they stacked up abusing the shoddy system .
i did n't do any of that cheating bullshit but i log in for the week and i am unable to do 1/2 the weekly bounties on my main character and some on my secondary character .
i was excited for the raid to see the loot and be one of the first to get it ... but cheaters are running around with half the loot already .
i was pushing hard to get my light level up but ca n't keep up with the people who abused the prime engram issues .
everything that i personally find fun about a release like this has basically been ruined .
its a disgrace that they 're letting cheaters run around with gear they got by clearly abusing bugs .
if you disagree you 're probably one of the people who abused this yourself .
i know this is going to get a negative reaction from people but i do n't care .
all the good that forsaken brings to the table is hard for me to see with the two launch weeks being basically ruined by cheating and bugs .
my mom is 64 years old and recently let me know that she is in something of a crisis .
she has spent the last 6 years caring for my grandmother before she passed away .
she has recently had some health issues of her own arise .
she lives on the family homestead which is 5 acres and has two small houses .
the remaining mortgage on the main house in which she lives is 31,000 .
the other house is virtually worthless and should be torn down .
she has had to spend money on repairs on the main house .
all totaled including the house her debt is at approximately 72,000 .
she is trying to find a part time job to ease her burden but the area in which she lives is not exactly teeming with opportunities .
no one else in our family is in a position to offer any significant assistance .
i am married and my wife and i have five children ages 10-15 between the two of us .
what are some things she can do to work her way out of this situation .
thank you in advance for any assistance you can offer .
i 'm not sure if it 's been posted or is even relevant but when tk is normal and driving in his car toward the beginning of the episode i noticed he looked to have one green ?
not sure if it only looked that way to me or if anyone else noticed ?
this offer is open to anyone with an envelope flair of any color or have gotten a thank you post .
i 'm offering two https imgur.com/a/lvj8pzj folded watercolor cards depicting life in the olden times in my country .
they will be mailed in envelopes that i handmade from patterned paper and i 'll be using commemorative stamps on them .
the motive on the paper is a traditional pattern used on textiles .
since i 'll be mailing these in envelopes i 'd like to make use of the stamps and will be inserting one goodies for you .
you can choose to have a packet of seeds for planting i have japanese kale and bok choy a piece of candy from the korean mart i think they 're coffee flavored or a teabag i have camomile lemongrass flavor .
comment below which card and goodies you want and immediately pm me your address .
anyone else think moe 's laugh is a curse ?
first off i use the term gym lightly i 'm not really looking to have a squat rack or anything like that at home .
just something basic for the days that i 'm not motivated to either go to the gym or when i 'm having a stay at home kind of day .
for now i have rollers that i bike on while i watch tv and a set of 25lb dumbbells .
i 'm wondering if there is anything else people would recommend getting even better with links to amazon .
the space that i have is pretty limited i want to sort out getting a small bench that i can put somewhere in my room for chest exercises .
my name is george i 'm just a regular roleplaying nerd trying to get back into writing regularly .
i tend to do a couple paragraph replies and at least once a day !
right now i 'm just craving some comic book characters specifically oc 's .
although i wont resist to the idea of going with some canon characters instead .
as for oc 's i do have two that i use for comic rp 's the marvel one is basically a mentee to tony stark who 's a young black kid that wins a scholarship .
a lot of shit happens and he ends up trying the bleeding edge armor the comic version of the one tony uses in infinity war but it melts to his spine since his body was n't fit enough to use it at the time .
he 's definitely not my best work ok haha .
i love the flash but everyone always took barry allen from me so i went and made my own with gambling and hookers .
but actually he 's a kid from gotham on the 50 's he gets hit with a lightning and gets the powers a couple of days later he runs way to fast and travels all the way into the future but since the level of speed force is so high in the future because of so many fucking speedsters .
that he ca n't travel back so he must become f a s t e r .
if you 're down to play let me know !
please post any profile critique requests or advice posts in this thread .
alot of people call me an asshole for hating my parents my mother and i never had the best relationship she sexually abused me nearly everyday when i was young touching my privates and such and my dad just watched .
this started happening more often after i started school .
one day when i was 13 i took a day off school so it was just me and mum mum had been drinking all day and i was in bed playing ratchet and clank on my new psp she walks into my room then hops on top of me she puts her hands down my pants and starts thrusting then starts licking my face like a fucking dog i tried to get her off but she would n't let me go .
i started to cry and i froze up after like 5 mins she stops because i think she just fell asleep .
and i bolted it to lounge and started sobbing this was n't the first time something like this had happened .
about a year later my dad left my mother and i constantly fight i never agree with her on anything and i really fucking hate her .
she expects me to forget about the past by love bombing me shes a disgusting pig .
i always took time off school because of my anxiety so i was stuck with her 24/7 .
i ca n't remeber what i was thinking at the time .
she was drinking and i waited for her to go to bed when she did i walked into her room shut the door pulled my pants down and started abusing her .
it felt sweet abusing my abuser and im sure she liked it .
i heard the door open behind me so i looked and i saw my older brother just staring in disgust did n't say a word .
i just casually walked out and washed my hands then played xbox .
it looked like my brother did n't even care .
my siblings never knew what was going on with me and mum even tho she would abuse them too but she would n't rape them like she did to me .
now i 'm 16 i smoke and drink and all that .
never had anyone on my side but my nan and my best mate .
my brother told a lot of family members about how i abused my own mother and that i 'm a rapist .
i feel guilt depression anxiety have suicidal thoughts everyday .
i fucked up everyone calls me a freak i want to try self improvement but i feel like i cant heal from this .
i deserve to be dead and i want to be .
i have set a date for when i want to do it .
i ve seen other kids slit their wrist so i tried does n't do shit but make you look like a freak when people see the scars .
i 'm just in a deep hole of confusion and hatred .
i 'm 16 and i like to watch mma and boxing i have always wanted to box for fun since i was 12ish .
now that i 'm 16 should i really get into it ?
just for fun because i really like the sport and it could be good for controlling anger
when changing from one category tab to helpers category tab teamwork option remains available .
this should n't happen as helpers do n't form teams .
purchasing the levels here buys levels in the old category tab you switched from .
here is the vod of the questions being answered live if you want some more context
i 'll do my best to answer as many of your questions as possible .
around 2pm est i 'm going to be talking with a few special throwback guests on my instagram live and as soon as that is done i 'll live broadcast answering as many questions as possible from the ama on twitch .
okay so here 's how it works and note i 'm trying to be consistent with physics so dig into me if there 's something that is off
an alien race has access to apparent magic '' .
they manipulate this magic using an energy called manna '' which is undetectable to earth creatures and conventional '' in the scope of earth technology .
in actuality the alien race is actually manipulating forms of matter solid liquid etc .
and the energy contained by the matter kinetic thermal etc .
they manipulate it naturally with some exceptions with precious stones in the form of gloves or staves .
the alien race has the manna flowing through their bodies in large quantities known as ether when it 's in their blood .
they contain more ether than humans allowing them to channel manna .
everything radiates manna with the exception of radioactive materials yes bananas too which absorb manna which dictates what form of magic they 're susceptible to .
magic is taxing for the alien race dictating how they can use it for how long based on their skill and endurance .
the alien race can change the properties of liquids such as viscosity and volume .
they can also manipulate the form of a body of liquid to some degree such as pulling it toward themselves or to a much bigger extent move it in its entirety .
air '' deals with gasses and how they move .
the alien race can change how much air pressure there is in a single area or create a gust of wind moving in a particular direction .
the biggest downfall is that they can not create a vacuum the lowest possible pressure being slightly higher than 3/5s of an atmosphere .
like earth magic one can also manipulate the chemical structure of air for example getting hydrogen out of water although significantly faster than earth magic .
it 's also the most taxing form of magic requiring large amounts of focus and skill .
flame '' actually deals with how heat works and how much there is in matter .
rather than reorganizing matter in a particular way as others do it dictates how much thermal energy in matter there is .
for example one could heat up a rock to 40 degrees celsius 104 degrees fahrenheit or create flames if used properly in conjunction with air magic turning o2 into o and igniting it .
it 's easier to heat up gasses faster than it is to heat up liquids and solids though liquids still take less time than solids for example it would take about 10 seconds to heat up air found on earth to heat up from room temperature to the burning point of pure oxygen but would take upwards of a minute to heat up paper to it 's burning point .
easiest mastery as there is usually no conversion from energy to mass and allows for multiple magics to be used in higher level magic .
however rarely used due to how dangerous it is .
earth '' magic this magic allows one to manipulate the internal structure of solids .
this magic is the only one incapable of manipulating where something is spacially .
for example you can not just magic this stone to crush your foe instantly .
however you can manipulate solids to change certain structural properties such as hardness or cleavage .
so you can make paper as hard as lead or wrinkle like aluminum or vice versa given enough time .
hardest to learn due to needing knowledge on how materials behave in what way .
healing '' magic i may also need a biology/medicine nerd for this very simple speeds up how fast cells replicate in a living body .
however ca n't heal bleeding or heal a wound the body itself ca n't heal naturally but can speed up broken bones healing and closing of wounds .
dark/mental '' magic lumped in the same category for how each is highly illegal .
mental magic has to do with how an animal or even plant reacts to certain stimuli .
for example you can force someone to start breaking down crying for essentially no reason or removing someone 's fear .
dark magic has to do with how manna reacts to the world in unknown ways .
not well understood can range from anything such as darkening the sky or changing the weather .
basically something i ca n't bullshit my way through .
illegal for pretty much the same reasons as witchcraft was for a while .
sorry for the wall of text but i hope that 'll do it .
chances are no one is gon na go through this and lem me stay like this .
also i did this in one go with no proof reading because it 's late and i 'm on mobile so that 's a thing .
thanks for those who do put up with my shit though appreciate it .
a year ago it seems as though you died .
that 's not it though we just stopped talking .
i never trusted someone so much in all my life and you always knew what to say when to listen and how to act towards me .
i wish i hated you for your actions but i do n't .
i forgive you and i truly wish we would talk again .
i wish you were open and honest with me about how you feel .
sometimes i think life is like a movie i 'll just see you again in a different part of it .
then i get really worried and i think i wo n't see or talk to you at all again and it 's a shame because you are a wonderful person with a great personality that few people understand .
thanks for being my friend even if it was short lived .
feel free to share your thoughts what worked what did n't .
any new songs or arrangements along with videos you would like to share !
just started rewatching the series and sal waltzed into dons office .
that was the first time i realized i completely forgot about his character .
upon my firsr warch of the series i really liked him .
seeing how he acted and how interacted with the rest of the guys at sterling cooper compared to the way the openly gay creative character i forgot his name acted and interacted with the rest of sterling cooper was truly fascinating .
do not post here please post on my master thread https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/comments/8uz3yf/0636
i remember when patch 8.13 hit and everyone was shitting on aatrox for being a failed rework .
since this subreddit is my league bible for info on who to main for the week lol i know its bad i wanted to know if anyone 's thoughts on aatrox have changed after a couple of weeks of him being on live servers .
inside of the last 2 minutes in franchise mode games they really need to cut back on the injuries .
i 'll be trying to defend a lead the clocks running and one of my players goes down so my team has to burn a timeout .
so not only am i out a timeout i might need if my team gives up the lead .
i 'm also down a player the clock stops and the other team saves a timeout .
during my last game there were like 3 or 4injury timeouts within the last 2 minutes .
desi girl here looking for long term scenes in desi settings .
i like the scenes to have a good mix of smut and story line .
within smut i like to focus more on the kink aspect rather than the regular sex aspect .
in terms of themes i am looking for stuff that is dark depraved twisted and perverted .
some elements i enjoy are humiliation degradation objectification control abuse misogyny etc .
platform wise i am looking for someone who can write on skype with regular 2-4 hour im sessions quick back and forth semi para to para length posts .
figured i 'd try out mint and i could n't activate my sim yesterday .
called support and they said they could n't accept new customers due to a system upgrade ?
is there any eta on when this will be done ?
coming from t-mobile it seems strange that a mobile provider would completely black out new activations .
we are a small business adding a new server .
dell 's hard drive prices are through the roof .
what is the consensus about adding third party enterprise 2.5 '' drives to a server ?
is there a cheaper way to get drives for these systems ?
i binge watched the hannibal tv series 2-3 years ago .
i remember a scene where will tries to shame hannibal for eating humans or something along those lines to which hannibal replies in his typical monotone cold manner of speaking meat is meat . ''
i ca n't find this scene anymore any where .
then i downloaded subtitles for the whole series and searched for the particular dialogue but did not find anything .
its like this scene and line never happened even though i remember it distinctly .
one strange thing is that in youtube 's search bar one of the suggestions matches hannibal meat is meat '' which is my search phrase so it appears that others has searched for it too .
i 'm nearing my utppia in regards to my virtual trucking .
i play ets2 in a perfect volvo f16 with my own engine and trans mod a bit more .
i 'm searching for a particular engine sound and kriechbaum 's 2.7 mod is not doing it for me .
before fiddling around and creating my own mod i wanted to know if you had any suggestions for sometching already done .
i 'm going for a 4 stroke l6 engine coupled with a manual trans .
i have no particular wishes regarding generation of engine or brand .
i 'm looking for that smooth background with the sound of a jet engine spooling up in front .
honestly feel free to rip me to shreds on this .
i followed the guidelines or at least i feel like i have anyway .
i feel like no one is really interested in me at all hence i come to you all .
i got my first bottle of cacao today and the chocolate taste of the drink was fine but it did taste a little bland/plain .
just wondering if anyone here adds sugar or any sweetener to their soylent and if that makes it better .
my record is 9-20-1 i win once every 7-9 games .
mainly because i get paired up with pros sitting in div 4-5 when i 'm in 8 .
i have a decent team all gold rares including pro order legends .
u/momentofxen needs to take a break for the time being he will be back
we are excited to have someone on the southern hemisphere to handle banning felitche alt accounts .
i 've used the geforce recorded but that never records my own voice so i was wondering what other people use to record vods ?
i 've been troubleshooting this off-and-on for weeks now but i just can not for the life of me figure it out so i 'm wondering if anyone has any suggestions before i send this off for warranty repair/replace
i have a sound blasterx g5 dac it includes a four-pole input jack for headsets as well as a standalone mic jack .
however i ca n't get mic input to work on either of them .
if i shout like a maniac i can get a wee bit of static in my recordings but otherwise nothing .
tried this with two known-good headsets which work fine on my phone and on this and other machines ' built-in audio .
the userguide for this is very skimpy on troubleshooting details but i think i 've exhausted all possible user errors still throw at me any ideas you have if any so i can see if i 'm just being an idiot .
i 'm running this on windows 10 and prior to the g5 i had a sound blaster e5 which i had to replace when the built in lipo started inflating to dangerous sizes .
did epic confrim that high malloc=system useallavailablecores nomansky mat_antialias 0 works on fortnite ?
during their twitch stream yesterday paizo finally clarified that shields only take damage up to their hardness a maximum of 1 dent per hit .
here 's a summary of some other things they discussed
hi guys so i have been working for almost 3 months now .
actually it 's a training sobrang daming criteria for passing and such .
bale 1 month pa lang sobrang stressed na ko i ca n't keep up kasi .
for example may mga tests kami and dumadating sa point na sobrang cloudy ng isipan ko everytime na lumalapit yung trainer ko i have this habit na magpanic then parang gusto kong itago yung sinasagutan ko .
sometimes i just feel like ayoko nang pumasok parang gusto ko na lang mag awol and such pero di pwede kasi may bond haha .
i 've also come to the point na napapansin kong i always joke about gusto ko na mamatay '' and such .
i really want to quit kung pwede lang pero aside from the training bond na kelangang bayaran i 'm really concerned about what my trainers co-trainee will think .
i 'm also pressured kasi parang ako na yung breadwinner ng family ko .
to be honest these past few days i have given up .
i tried talking to my friends and family pero parang walang pumapasok saken dun sa mga tips nila .
i write on mobile too but at least i re-read what i wrote before pressing send .
so i believe imu-sama is from the d clan .
so there are a lot of similarities between the world government and the un .
so after looking into it i found out about the one behind the creation of the un .
for a complete list of evidences and the complete theory i suggest you please watch this video .
i also speculate that imu-sama or their ancestor might 've betrayed the d clan which caused them to lose the war .
finished my mid semesters exams last night and me and the fellas went out to a house/techno event theo parrish and marcellus pittman if anyone knows em fuck me sidewards and call me nelly it was the best event of my life .
i am an experienced psychonaut but nothing prepared me for the comedown .
did 200mg mdma 15/20mg 2cb and to much ket to count and about 4mg xanax and weed on the comedown .
the most euphoric i 've ever been at the peak .
hit the sack at about 4:45am and i think the 2cb hit in full effect and in addition was ridiculously scattered .
i was seeing stuff and being sent to a place very similar to dmt after 4mg xanax as well i 've had ego deaths but this was legit the first time i felt i was dying .
i became everything i was everything forgot who i was and where i was .
cev and oev we the exact same and this shit i was seeing shouldnt be possible for human beings .
has this every happened to anyone in the fact of tripping that hard after an extended period of time after taking those drugs ?
thought it was maybe psychosis but had 14hrs sleep and feel fine today .
i think my captain is pretty good now finally after all of those failures .
it can beat almost everything unless it gets unlucky or outclassed by super carriers .
here 's how it looks.hit me up if i can upgrade it by any means.tyvm .
i need to dress as a meme and go to school .
i have no idea what i could dress as and i would really like to do something like this .
design for logos/t-shirts posters websites and also ui/ux desing .
i 've had a lot of jobs in this field .
i am not that experienced in this field but i can manage to do acceptable work .
i also have a lot of experience working in those fields .
i prefer communicating via skype irc discord texting or other im tools or email or even reddit .
paypal is preferred but i also accept bank transfer .
for long term cooperation let 's discuss on the payment method .
i usually ask 40 upfront 30 for the first delivery and 30 final delivery.i usually ask for fixed prices depending on the project length/customer bug https bugget.open et .
depending on the project i can work from 10\~20 hours .
i can charge by fixed fee per project/component or by hourly .
the fee varies depending on the project type/length and also on customer 's buget .
i can ensure you that you will get the best value at the best price .
because of my experience i am used to work with different sort of clients/companies and my problem-solving skills are there to help me in any kind of situation .
hello my friends of this sub first time posting here after a short time lurking so after a little learning from here and youtube tutorials not the verge video i made a list of components and wanted to check if it will run nice without incompatibilities i also accept any suggestions to make it better .
thanks and sorry for the english not my mother language
gaming ultra is not required but comfortable for a time without changes i will use it to programming for fun or work sometimes
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/2ymknq price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/2ymknq/by_merchant
should i need to try it on my own site or join in an agency which can teach me ?
i am turkish and a legal resident in italy .
i would like to apply for a programme taught in english that costs more than what i can afford and for that i am looking for scholarship aid options .
edit i officially reside with my italian wife 's family .
and my family who live in turkey do not have the income to afford this tuition fee
majority of voters back urgent reform of westminster system https reddit.com//r/unitedkingdom/comments/9hz9gf
solomon hovers over me along with all three archangels .
they scan my face looking for signs of distress .
the top of my skull burns like a motherfucker .
the moment i initiated the vision and you went under a predatory being appeared inside your body 's mana .
i lost all contact with you for twelve seconds .
it started overtaking your mental functions and i had to initiate a mana burn to irradiate it .
i may have used too much mana trying to burn the intruder out . ''
i carefully pull myself to my feet wincing the whole time .
the vision was at least thirty minutes long . ''
the deeper you are in a dream the slower time moves in reality .
anyway you 're lucky i was able to pull you back .
if you had stayed there for five more seconds ... ''
solomon trails off leaving the implication to hang in the air .
it would have likely reduced your lifespan by several decades .
i 've never encountered anything like it in all my years nor has anyone in my memory library . ''
i sweep my hair back and glance at the angels .
so ah ... while i was inside the vision ... the vision of valac i mean ... ''
it may have been a hallucination caused by brain damage . ''
solomon stares at me for a moment flicks his gaze to raphael then back to me .
well truthfully the thing in your mind reminded me of a soul .
it felt more like the chipped edge of someone 's soul than a complete picture but ... ''
slowly solomon raises his hand to his neatly trimmed beard .
his expression hardens as he strokes the black hairs on his chin over and over .
the valac i saw seemed identical to the one in the visions you showed me .
i do n't think he was a figment of my imagination .
satan came back to life after a hundred thousand years of happily sleeping in a grave .
solomon pauses for a moment then waves his hand flippantly .
there are many demons with a variety of terrifying abilities jason .
ose for example can control people 's bodies and take over their minds .
i would n't assume valac has returned just yet especially when the soul i saw could have belonged to anyone . ''
more importantly how could someone have placed an errant soul inside of the hero ?
i think that 's the disturbing question we should be asking .
there should n't be many demons alive who can do such a thing . ''
when he started talking to me he did n't do the whole rhyming thing .
he did do it earlier in the vision though ... ''
so it could have been anyone '' solomon says .
nothing would terrify me more than the return of the grim reaper jason .
satan as powerful as he was could n't rip through an enemy 's defenses and tear their soul out .
such unthinkable power belongs only to the damned . ''
i would wager that ose 's brain-meddling had something to do with the one who violated you .
the ramblings of demons have about the same worth as mine hehe . ''
all three archangels breathe a sigh of relief and wander over to their logs .
well ... it 's what 'valac ' said about err the angels .
a tingling at the back of my mind indicates he 's ... probing my memories.
he pulls me aside and lowers his voice so the archangels ca n't hear .
valac 's comments about the angels and the heroes ... you wonder if he 's right . ''
i mean he 's a demon so i ca n't give him too much credence ...
if you want my opinion i agree with you that the angels mistreated the imps .
i agree that in a way the angels 'started ' the conflict with the imps .
however there is a matter of justifiable force would n't you agree ? ''
however when satan and his cronies gained incredible power from leviathan they did n't try to negotiate for reparations .
instead the newly-arisen demons turned to the path of violence .
they slew a hundred cherubs and satan 's actions directly led to the death of samael .
would n't you agree that was far worse than what the angels did ? ''
i lower my gaze and carefully consider solomon 's words .
it was n't clear who initiated each conflict but one thing always stayed true .
the angels created a new species to be their inferiors and eventually ended up at war with them.
the imps responded to the angels with violence escalating the conflict .
even so they were a young species angry at the one who mistreated them .
the imps were like juveniles irrational and uncertain of how to correct the wrongs committed against them .
most of the blame lies on satan 's shoulders too given how he manipulated the rest.
the whole issue is too complex for me to analyze .
i do n't see either side as being in the right no matter how they try to twist the past to their advantage.
as one who seeks knowledge i understand that challenging questions have tough answers .
once you factor in the bloodthirsty nature of the demons you 'll come to see that angels were not the aggressors valac painted them to be . ''
i hope both of ye art having a wonderful chat over there ! ''
when we reach the war in heaven everything will make sense to you .
we exist to ensure the safety of all life .
if you need any proof as to what our absence entails look at the enslavement of humanity and the eradication of the angels .
that 's all you need to look at to understand why our continuation is essential . ''
if you have other questions we can continue this discussion later . ''
do ye require a break before we continue ? ''
the demon was persuasive but it 's easy to twist the truth around as needed .
i 'll stop thinking about valac 's words eventually . ''
an uneasy look appears in his eyes though i ca n't be sure if it 's only my imagination .
soon we 'll arrive at the war in heaven . ''
what 's so important about that war specifically ? ''
gabriel rubs his palms together in a circular motion .
there were only three instances of full scale war between angels and demons .
the first was when the demons launched their initial assault to recover their brothers in heaven .
the second was the war in heaven a cataclysmic event that destroyed the balance of power . ''
the final battle was the one that wiped out the remainder of the angels .
the demons launched an attack against us during the energy wars while the humans were entangled in a battle with the volgrim .
we fought valiantly but satan was at the apex of his power .
not much more to say than that i 'm afraid . ''
each one stares into the fire as their thoughts swirl around like a hurricane dwelling on those they 've lost and those they 'll never see again .
i can hardly imagine the weight of their losses .
solomon ignores the crippling depression bubbling under the surfaces of each archangel .
well jason based on your memories that vision you saw was the correct series of events .
valac slew four titans in under a minute and thanks to the power of their souls he began to thirst for more .
the bit at the end was the only embellishment so as long as you ignore that you 're nearly caught up on the important history . ''
over the next hundred and twenty years lucifer bred dozens of broodmothers which spawned thousands of imps .
the initial experiments created several demon variants and a few rose through the ranks to become quite powerful .
agares and vepar for instance increased their abilities thanks to lucifer 's magic . ''
beyond lucifer 's work and valac 's psychopathic murder-spree the demons lay quite still and focused on improving their underground cave network . ''
solomon begins to form magic signs with his hands but pauses .
before i send you off i should double-check for any ... irregularities .
we do n't want a repeat of last time . ''
yeah let 's be a little more cautious for this jump . ''
the blinding beauty of heaven materializes before me once again .
greens reds blues and every other shade of the rainbow .
flowers fruits and singular trees stand here and there sporting a dazzling array of colors for me to behold .
my point of view is very different from before .
based on the position of my head relative to a tree beside me i 'm much taller than uzziel or michael .
i must be inside gabriel 's mind for this vision .
i stare ahead silently at a man standing ten feet tall .
the person a giant relative to other angels in heaven appears short compared to me .
his clean-shaven face and chiseled chin combine with a piercing gaze and tree-trunk muscles to give him an intimidating appearance .
he looks like even with a four-foot disadvantage he could tear me limb-from-limb .
the short-haired man crosses his arms as he stares into my eyes .
cronus is dead and my father king zeus has taken his place as ruler of the titans . ''
raphael has told me tales of cronus 's battle prowess from the ancient wars .
there is n't a chance some upstart defeated him . ''
i glance to the side to see camael standing beside me along with raphael .
they appear as small in my eyes as the imps would be in theirs .
this man is a guest in heaven so long as he displays no hostility . ''
both of the newcomers have brown hair though the woman 's extends only an inch past her shoulders .
thou art far too short to be titans . ''
my father zeus is the firstborn son of cronus .
she wished to see the beauty of heaven though i fear it will not stay unspoiled for long . ''
have your people not heard of the horrors happening on earth during the past hundred years ? ''
nobody knows what it looks like only that it has slain three thousand titans over several decades .
two years ago my father zeus learned of a new species known as 'demons . '
i had hoped not to hear of them again . ''
the tension in his body evaporates at the same time camael 's does .
we have yet to locate a single one of the creatures .
my father discovered that you spoke to cronus many decades ago about their existence ... but cronus failed to warn the other titans . ''
we spoke to cronus about how the demons slew samael and yet he said nothing ?
cronus slept under his mountain while his fellow titans were slain by a lone demon .
this demon who calls himself 'valac ' is a being of monstrous power .
every titan he killed died from a single attack .
the more of us he kills the greater his power becomes .
two months ago valac attacked my cousin loki 's wedding .
he slew both of the grooms and all of the guests .
it was supposed to be the best day of loki 's life but now his corpse lays buried underground along with two hundred other titans . ''
we know now of valac 's existence but only one person has ever survived an encounter with the demon assailant .
valac let the titan live to send us a message he is coming .
we have not left heaven since our last envoy with cronus .
i hoped my brothers had convinced cronus to seek out and eliminate the demonic threat but it seems the king of the titans had better things to do with his time . ''
my father and i live inside cronus 's domain '' hercules says along with my wife and our extended family .
i only found out about valac 's murderous ways a few years ago shortly after my father did .
zeus grew so enraged the news that he slew cronus in his sleep and now he rules the titans .
slowly but surely we are gathering our people but time is of the essence .
they attacked each other for sport or for territory .
now that the reaper has appeared we have set aside our old differences to rally under my father 's banner .
we must seek out and kill those who intend to do us harm . ''
what nicaragua 's president ortega has in common with other dictators ?
following india 's cancellation of peace talks with pakistan imran khan hits out at indian pm modi tweets all my life i have come across small men occupying big offices who do not have the vision to see the larger picture '' https reddit.com//r/worldnews/comments/9hyua7
un fires indian official for sexually harassing men at work https reddit.com//r/worldnews/comments/9hyuqn
does anyone know if there is a need for volunteers in dunrobin or gatineau for cleanup efforts ?
return to your roots a game should be fun .
we are a community who has not forgotten that real life does come first .
play the game do n't let the game play you .
cheaper resources plus low taxes plus less competitive markets good profits and an opportunity to grow your industrial empire .
learn pvp at your own pace if you want .
we will help you learn how to be a hero .
participate in a fun community or play quietly on your own your choice .
salty banter and bad jokes will get you in no questions asked .
ok maybe a few questions but we do n't really care about the answers we just pretend we are interested.
and of course we will want to hear you say roger that all clear sir '' in an appropriately serious and official tone .
ca n't find 20 players in 10 minutes of matchmaking wtf
apologies for the long post any comments/help/advice would be much appreciated !
i have always been a strange sleeper and a very vivid dreamer .
when i was 9 years old i moved towns into a house that was built over 100 years ago when we moved to this house this is when my sleep activity became weird .
i became sleepwalking more frequently and waking up at the same time every now again usually either around 2am or 3am .
the sleepwalking was pretty average i used to wake up in the living room under the christmas tree etc .
my mum told me i used to have a habit of waking up and turning on all the lights in the house then going back to bed .
my brother told me he once woke up to me standing in between his and my mums doorways their doors were opposite looking straight at him smiling .
when i would wake up around 2/3am i would sometimes hear helicopters or babies crying and get weird waves of motion sickness .
it escalated one night when i woke up in my brothers room he and my mum were still awake and i was on my knees crying begging for him to get us all to safety begging to gather the animals and get us out he and my mum did the usual and put me back to bed and sit with me till i fell back asleep .
we later found out through our neighbours passing on a newspaper article that the house used to be a private hospital of sorts and someone had died there .
moving on quite a few years the sleepwalking has died down .
i move out of home and start having regular night terrors ?
i put the question mark there because im not 100 sure if thats what it is .
heres how they usually roll out i wake up and there is something normally a human in my bed or in my room that definitely should n't be .
most of the time i freeze in terror for a while before i build up the courage to get out of bed and do something about it as soon as i see some form of light i am able to bring myself to my senses .
others include waking up to a man sitting on the couch in my room screaming what seems as loud as he could and then he was gone waking up and feeling things wriggling around in my bed waking up and seeing my housemates on the floor in my room and me having to dodge them on the way out and as soon as i hit the light in the hallway they 're gone .
these terrors happen from house to house quite recently i woke up and could see a pipe being poked through my blinds and then i heard voices saying shes awake we 'll come back in half an hour '' once again came to my senses although a little freaked out i went back to sleep .
i wake up again the same night and see two people standing about one metre away from me staring at me i slept with a light on for the rest of the night .
recently i was overseas and i woke up one night and was under the impression that all the buildings around me had collapsed and ours was next .
i started to pack my bags and got myself dressed and ran out onto the balcony when i was on the balcony all i could see was rubble and the aftermath of whatever had caused all these buildings to come down .
this was one quite strange normally when i get moving and see some form of light i come to .
the latest terror has been at my mums new house where i am staying temporarily .
i woke up 3 nights ago and knew instantly that there was 'someone ' in my room/on my bed looking at me i was even convinced that my cat who was sleeping with me was scared as well .
the following night i wake up to my phone hitting the ground but terror had frozen me and i was too scared to pick the phone up because i was convinced that the man from the night before was in the room with me again .
the following night last night was foggy i was in and out of sleep all night waking up in sweats and at one stage i woke up screaming because i felt his presence in the room again .
normally with the terrors they happen and then its gone within a few minutes and these figures dont come back this has been the only time where the person in my room/presence in the room after waking up has been the same person/figure .
tag team champions kassius ohno and cesaro 672 days 56 defenses .
i 'm looking for recommendations for a neuro pt setting outpatient or inpatient in san antonio texas .
it will be a 12 week rotation and my last one in the curriculum .
so i might be biting off more than i can chew for my first cosplay but i 'm going to a con come later october and i really wan na go as aradia .
like i said i 've never cosplayed before albeit the clothes seem easy to get and i really would like some tips and advice especially on body paint .
where can i obtain some quality products without sacrificing limbs ?
what are some gen eds an engineering boi can take to pick up cute white girls .
i 'm indian and probably more attractive than anyone on this subreddit or in the engineering department so feel free to drop anything .
i 'm moving to a place with a yard which my dogs are not used to .
i 'd like to let them have somewhat free run via a doggie door but am concerned they 'll bark at new sounds until they get used to it .
i thought it might be a good idea to introduce myself to my new neighbors and give them an opportunity to meet my dogs and to let them know they might take a little while to settle into their new environment maybe give a little gift of brownies or something .
i 'd also reassure them i would call the boys in if they do n't stop .
i do n't know how they 'll act outside when i leave because i 've always left them inside .
i just got one pet to mega and it shows all talents as being acquired 6/6 but i can still go to ultra what would be the reason for this ?
so i do n't know if this is appropriate here but communication in the more broad subs do not seem very fruitful .
i am starting to get comfortable in my printing abilities but i do n't want to go down the rabbit hole of learning how to be a 3d modeler as well .
what are some of the more useful 3d file sites other than thingiverse ?
i am a patreon supporter of a couple designers i found there but i 'm looking around for other resources both paid and free .
i like printing general things but board game inserts and rpg accessories are my primary interest most of the time .
what are some of the best sites that you guys use ?
i 'm going to be busy for a while so i thought i 'd post this now .
submissions for the previous week lom lobon still accepted for a while .
background abyssal knight unless you attempt the first bonus challenge .
tier 2 30 points find the entrance to zot while worshipping lugonu .
5 points each max 5 points per tier reached .
please indicate which conducts you qualify for when you post your morgue .
this includes missile weapons so you can use a sling or a hand crossbow but not a shortbow or an arbalest for example .
magic train conjurations and an elemental school including poison to level 12 before you get a 3rd rune .
corruption corrupt the ecumenical temple while holding a 9 distortion weapon .
each worth one star similar to banners in crawl tournaments .
d̳̺͓͔͙͖̀ͫ̀̉͐̚e̻̝͖̺͚̮̔̌̈̃ͣ͑̇ͅs͖̰̳̗̟ͨ̓̽ͤ̄̎ͅceṅ̞̹͎̌͂t ͕ͯin̳tͨò̮͕͇̐͌ ̉̔ͩ̆m͓̠͇̜̗̣̲adnes͖̯̤̺̬͓͔̊ͤ̒̃͆ͣ̓s̝͕ instead of abyssal knight choose either fighter or warper as your background .
worship any god except lugonu or no god if you wish .
any time after getting your first rune but before entering zot enter the abyss and worship lugonu .
note that you must worship lugonu to qualify for tier 2 in case you attempt this challenge and do n't win .
you also must enter the abyss to worship lugonu even if lugonu altars are present elsewhere .
slime scrubber send the royal jelly to the abyss .
you can do this with lugonu 's banish ability with a high enough invocation skill and a scroll of vulnerability or you can just poke it with a distortion weapon until it gets sent there .
you have one week or until i post the next challenge whichever is longer to post morgues .
you can post them here or in next week 's thread .
so i 'm 1:0 up in a game against mono red against the slowest most contemplative opponent i 've ever had short of playing against my stuffed owl for testing .
as in every single passing of priority will be a while .
but seriously though time-management is a skill in magic .
lots of time in paper one person de facto gets a lot more time than the other which is unfair .
update won 2:1 after one hour an twelve minutes .
aaaaaaaa is a shortcut for when you need to scream but you are too lazy to type out each individual a. it has a fully-loaded scream ready to send to any contact right when you press it .
and remember people do not play pokemon go while operating heavy machinery or in an unsafe work environment .
keep it civil bois we do n't wan na end up like esports
i was curiousif anybody had suggestions for a game that three people can play .
one of my friends is on the spectrum and cant really handle more intense fast paced games like call of duty .
can kind of do fortnite but we 've been tired out on the same few games that we go back to .
he typically only likes sports games but we try to get him into other stuff .
not fast paced and cheaper games is what we 're looking for .
he definitely wo n't drop 50 on a game he probably wo n't like .
fortnite minecraft roblox 3 vs 3 sonic all-star racing transformed sea of thieves gtav rocket league are some we 've done .
so i have a ryzen 5 2500u w vega 8 graphics and 8 gb of ddr4 ram it is a laptop and i was looking i 'm good on the processing power but i 'm not sure about graphics power .
i saw the video on the .ini tweaks for the gpd win 2 and would that work for my application as well ?
i appreciate any advice someone can give before i pull the trigger on this game .
is it me or does anyone else think the jerseys in live 19 need to be fixed ?
i feel like the width of the material on the front and back of the shoulder areas is too wide .
and all jerseys seems to fit players the same .
voedselkwaliteit over het artikel ‘1700 illegale geiten ontdekt bij boer in
bent u bekend met het artikel ‘1700 illegale geiten ontdekt bij boer in
het controleren van de dieren bijvoorbeeld of deze zijn geënt geoormerkt
klopt het dat de gemeente/provincie verantwoordelijk is voor handhaving van
oftewel de vraag of dieren überhaupt aanwezig mogen zijn op een bedrijf of
kunt u toelichten waarom de rvo en nvwa wel controleren of de dieren hun
geldende wet en regelgeving voldoen maar waarom zij niet controleren of
en/of rvo op de hoogte wordt gesteld van nieuwe dieren die in hun gebied
controleren of deze dieren daar volgens de wabo en wet milieubeheer mogen
er geen andere dieren illegaal in deze provincie worden gehouden ?
hoeverre kunt u garanderen dat er geen dieren illegaal worden gehouden in
wordt of alle dieren die in ons land aanwezig zijn ook daadwerkelijk
i 'm not suicidal but something about wallowing in self pity just makes me feel better .
yeah this is definitely a bad habit anyone have any advice on breaking it ?
i have a comcast tg862g modem in bridge mode connected to a netgear r7000 .
since i have it in bridge mode am i limited to the 150 mbps throughput ?
i am thinking about upgrading to the tg1682g and putting it into bridge mode as well .
i am not sure if the data throughput numbers are only relevant if i am using the tg862g as a router too .
not sure if this is the right place to post this but nowhere else has been much help .
my xps 15 9570 ca n't run steam games at more than 10-15 fps .
it does n't matter what game i 've run games as simple as the binding of isaac and terraria on the lowest settings with no luck .
this has been going periodically since i got the laptop in july .
after trying everything i could think of it seemed to be fixed for the past two weeks and i could actually run games at high fps .
however following the latest windows update it 's back to how it was .
it looks like the update reversed any changes i had successfully made .
i would really appreciate any insight that anyone can give .
i 'm grasping at straws right now and willing to try anything .
thanks in advance for any advice and please let me know if i can provide any more information !
i do n't know how else to describe it other than strange .
i posted here a few days ago saying i did n't think i had ovulated because i 'd had none of my normal symptoms after o this is my last unmonitored clomid cycle because f*ck being unmonitored anymore ! !
last clomid cycle i got a 'nearly positive opk ' and pretty much everyone on the lineporn subreddit was saying it was n't fully positive and not to count it .
i almost missed it honestly because i did n't have much ewcm .
i ca n't even really describe it as ewcm because it was sort of chunky but still stretchy and slippery .
i tend to get sore nipples literally the day after ovulation and last cycle i got the tiniest amount of soreness ever .
i 'm aware it 's something to do with progesterone but how come when i 'm not taking clomid my after o nips kill but on my clomid cycles they do n't ? ?
i also did n't get a big temp jump .
i was honestly convinced i had not ovulated and i spent a week terrified/almost crying thinking clomid had totally failed me but 12 days after ff predicted i had ovulated and all of these symptoms my period arrived and it was what i would describe as a 'normal ' period .
usually when i have n't ovulated my periods are very light and do n't hurt at all i know the difference between a no o period and an o period basically .
i was so convinced i had not ovulated and would n't ovulate .
i got the 'kinda ' ewcm 3 days ago i got a 'nearly positive ' opk at the same time .
yesterday evening my nipples began to hurt slightly again not majorly i was actually doubting if they really did hurt or i was imagining it .
this morning i took my temp and it has spiked .
yet again only to 97.34 but it definitely has gone up .
my average temp when i have n't ovulated is something like 96.52 .
everyone told me that clomid would cause 'stronger ovulation ' but for me it has n't at all .
my symptoms are barely there at all to the point it makes me believe clomid has failed .
my temp rises higher when i ovulate on my own unmedicated .
i also get more ewcm and stronger hormonal symptoms .
our baby girl is due in 10 ish weeks our last name is one syllable t8 we have a 1 year old son winston winn '' .
we have n't officially decided but our two names are
nell magnolia nellie '' nell after our mothers nancy elizabeth magnolia after dh home state of la
however ... ..my 95 year old grandmother has been put on hospice we do n't know how much time she has but its not much .
i am now feeling the pressure of using an honor name pressure i am putting on myself not by anybody else i love her so much but i do n't love her name edna may .
i am trying to think of options using her name and our top picks .
rosemary may seems repetitive nell edna is n't cute at all .
nellie may is a possibility but seems very southern belle to me .
her maiden name is stratton which does n't go with much either .
pretty fuccked up here diffuse nw 3v nothing seems to improve my situation the only thing it doesnt fall out much .
still have a quite balding crown and thinning front and a diffuse pattern overall .
after taking 2 years of min and 10 mo of fina im just sick of applying that shit and taking pills which arent healthy just to have no results .
en sport over het bericht dat de gemeente eindhoven huishoudelijke hulp
deelt u de mening dat het onacceptabel is dat mensen die na een omslachtig
juist ook in vakantietijd moeten krijgen te meer omdat mantelzorgers dan
dit in de wet maatschappelijke ondersteuning 2015 40 wmo 2015 41 recht te
deelt u de mening dat het onacceptabel is dat zorgvragers verplicht een
bent u bereid dit in de wmo 2015 recht te
heeft de gemeente eindhoven voor elke cliënt afzonderlijk bekeken of deze
wel drie weken zonder hulp kan of hebben ze deze beslissing generiek
i let my smoker run empty and then refilled before it error coded shortly after .
the result was that my hopper was overfilled and then when i started it back up it smoked excessively .
cleaned them out but do n't know if its safe or advisable to use pellets that are in in varying stages of burnt .
might be time for me to change the removable bed.. https imgur.com/a/qawegmk https imgur.com/a/qawegmk
first i thought using glass but have anyone tried use a ceramic plate as removable bed ?
when i see people trying to prove atheists wrong the most common argument i see is
you say there are no proofs of god yet you have nothing to prove that he does n't exist .
you believe just as much as i do just in a different thing . ''
note that the last sentence might be a bit too open-minded or merciful i 'd say .
i just feel that this is the most dishonest argument that can be made against us atheism is by definition the lack of belief so it ca n't be one itself .
what are people trying to do with such an easily destructible argument ?
looking for help to evolve my shiny boldore in a tradeback .
tomorrow i will going to japan and this is my first time going to japan .
i 'm so excited but is possible to just bring maybe around ¥30.000 for a week in tokyo kyoto and osaka ?
only for food and few accomodations it excludes flight tickets hotels and accomodation costs from tokyo to kyoto and kyoto to osaka .
from tokyo to kyoto i already bought willer night bus ticket i did n't buy jr pass because it 's a little bit expensive i think so probably i would like to buy tokyo metro subway ticket when in tokyo .
anyway i have a friend who lives in kyoto so i think i should n't bother about the accomodation cost since i can borrow his car .
and i have bought osaka amazing pass ticket as well .
hey guys so i got a gtx 1060 6gb and an intel i5 4440 right now .
whilst playing the open beta of black ops 4 i noticed that my cpu was quite struggling which is why i am considering an upgrade .
i was thinking about upgrading to a i5 8400 but is it worth to upgrade the pc right now ?
or do you think the ram prices for instance will drop in the near future ?
we offer services like website designing web application mobile apps brochure designing logo designing digital marketing ... read more at http www.azonizsolution.com http www.azonizsolution.com
i 'm not sure how much i should say about the sequel books without actually spoiling anything but i ca n't say much more about the first book so please be careful with everything after this sentence !
he however ends up marrying a woman he hates because he must .
i believe the books also feature a demon adviser and a king from another nation whose adviser is a jester who speaks too freely .
children some of them might not be actually his ?
i believe he has three children with the woman he hates .
a beautiful girl a boy and another boy who is misshapen grotesquely large i believe .
i 'm looking to celebrate my big 22 with friends and would seriously appreciate anyone 's suggestions here on reddit as i 'd like to plan ahead of time
these pants are cozy and comfortable to wear casually .
it is best to wear when you are chilling at home or relaxing at nighttime .
the best thing about these pants is that the material is super cozy and has an elastic waist band .
buffalo plat red and black youth pant https preview.redd.it/1x9t14vk9ym11.jpg ? width=480 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=89bfb8933ac05a5514aa3324094ea0d626f3e710
so this will be a multi-part review.hope you guys enjoy !
1.the pistol decent but too small of a magazine and lack a little bit of damage.and that horrible melee style which reminds me of a crappy multiplayer game.the old one fits the description of mc as flawless cowboy '' .
2.the plasma pistol good but why there is a discharge when using the overcharge mode and why the covenant can hold indefinitely ? ? ? ?
3.the brute plasma pistol as op as hell-especially in close range consumes battery like no other and still have the same discharge issue .
4.the assault rifle a good upgrade from the og but the firing sounds ... meh .
5.the smg good but the damage per shot is too small and it sprays around too much .
when shooting it 's like jerking off a little bit every shot.and why ca n't we have an addon for it like 8x zoom silent mod ... ? a good weapon nonetheless .
it 's powerful high firing rate beautiful.but somehow the melee style again is terrible and it overheats way too frequent .
8.the brute plasma rifle still the same old plasma rifle with a little bit more power and overheats a lot faster.and the same issue .
9.the covenant carbine it 's so different from the og trilogy.why would it use energy instead of conventional bullets ?
10.the battle rifle nothing to complain except for the melee style.why not using the ones from h2/3 ?
12.the sniper rifle also one of my most favorable.the design and power blew me away .
13.the rocket launcher a round of applause.but lacks a target-lock '' feature and higher zooming 4x .
14.the shredder kinda out of place in the game.should have had the spiker .
15.the m247h turret too good to be true but i would rather have it as a locked-down turret set up on the pillar of autumn and two betrayal 's beginning that you can pull out of its cover and use it as full-fledged machine gun until it runs out of ammo .
16.the shotgun still the good old shotgun from the og but nerfed to have a lower ammo capacity and is as rare as hell.also the firing sounds ... .meh .
1.the frag grenade i have mixed feelings about this .
it 's not the power though it 's about the feeling .
when i thrown it it does n't jump around like in reach or 3.and also the tail from reach .
2.the plasma grenade sounds and the effects compared to the og is so much better .
but why ca n't we stuck it to an carrier form and take both the thing and infection forms at once ?
4.the cluster grenade good and can take out an elite 's shield in one shot .
so that 's it.more will be covered soon ! !
i accidentally ended up deleting my ssd option in the boot sequence through on my dell xps15 9560 's bios .
now when i turn it on i get a message that says hard drive not installed '' on the dell supportassist and when i click continue '' the computer shuts off .
an interesting bio company on the verge of full fda clearance .
uk nhs just started paying for it and those sales should show soon .
a perfect revolutionary device just in time to fight the opioid crises .
when i go up to cats i lean over and it meows but it wo n't let me pet it 😢 i can pet horses why not kitties ?
apollox token apxt is designed to facilitate transactions within apollox ecosystem and promote positive contribution to the community .
there are numerous courses for every part to acquire and spend apxt in the biological community .
clients can acquire apxt by opening records and interfacing informal communities .
venders need to pay for stage benefit expenses for example notice and pursuit positioning with apxt .
individuals get partner movement win apxt as prizes for member orders .
sometimes it wont finish load the map and kicks me from the game .
willing to trade unowns other cd shinies regionals ect or make anther off to me .
i also do n't spoof due to rw rn .
i am not an expert when it comes to creating subliminals so when i found out that this website offers custom subliminals i was so ecstatic that i want it to share to you !
i love that panel because id love to be rachnees submissive wife 🕷️💞 she could tie me up and do whatever she wanted to me .
i ca n't be the only one who wants that ?
looking for someone who can snap me and chat with me all day as it 's my day off work so i do n't wan na be bored .
i 'm based in england so bonus points if you 're from another country or even just another city
i do n't care about looks age or skin colour as long as you wan na chat you 'll be great to me !
no it 's a replacement '' effect it does n't trigger on it 's own it just changes the tokens that come into play .
i think the community in general would benefit from a thread like that .
it 's not to say that the suggestions will be implemented or even acknowledged by soleil/bandai namco but at least we can focus the discussion in one thread and stop with the as-far-as-the-eye-can-see number of threads with suggestions .
he asked me to try and i could place them fine .
this has happened several times since then that only one of us will be able to place a specific building piece in a specific location but not the other .
this does n't really help solo players but oh well .
i heard bad things about roden but you seem to have done quite well with it .
i do n't want this to be perceived as a knock against neal and jones but our defense is very systemic .
neal and jones can take it to the next level with their play making but for the most part especially when you consider the depth that dq and dimitroff have put together we can plug gaps pretty well and basically accomplish similar levels .
i do n't know what they were smoking while larping but this is on par with american dbz or the room
how do you find the interface in comparison to the big sky .
for whatever reason i find the big sky insanely complicated moving up and down banks saving presets etc..
this guarantees spain will block the deal or uk will trow the rock under the his .
after that does n't work i 'd try calling microsoft and getting their license key/activation hotline for the product and explaining the situation you 're not trying to run it on 2 computers you want to install it back to the original .
i 've had them give me old windows keys plenty of times .
well according to the new catch rule you dont have to survive the ground anymore he clearly had possession to the ground its when he hits the ground the possession becomes questionable but like i said according to the new rule that shouldve been a catch .
as others said hitd dark '' section can be easily circumvented plus it 's way shorter than the one on blightreaper .
and it does n't usually spawn patrols bosses there i saw a boss there once in all my hours .
and the map itself is much shorter than blightreaper .
if anything it 's just proof that blightreaper should have better rewards than hitd which is one of the easiest and shortest maps .
i 'm thinking it will be along the lines of this https superuser.com/questions/601389/sumif-by-category-and-date-in-range https superuser.com/questions/601389/sumif-by-category-and-date-in-range
i have played mercs 1 i got more enjoyment from red dead and preferred it 's art style .
hey guys i wanted to share details on carrot weather 4.8 !
it 's a big update with a killer siri shortcuts implementation .
you can ask siri for either a short-term 12 hour or a long-term 7 day forecast .
not just for your current location but any other location in your saved cities list .
this will show you a precipitation chart if rain is expected in the next hour or else it 'll tell you either the hour or the day that rain is next expected in your forecast .
then there are separate shortcuts for every weather data point imaginable including uv index and moon phase .
i also included a fun interact shortcut that lets siri talk to carrot directly .
you can of course customize the text spoken aloud by siri as well as the ui that siri displays .
great for showing additional data points that you care about .
lots of other stuff in this update as well including siri watch face support series 4 complications and new content 3 application icons 2 secret locations and 1 achievement .
thanks to everyone who provided feedback on the beta !
annoying part is i have to look up which one is priest to equip against second slot one to balance dmg .
personally i 'd prefer none of it but this at least makes sense .
it confuses me why we feel the need to teach this but not other laws .
there 's plenty of bad crimes we should want people to commit less .
oh i wo n't deny that there are some incredible narrative driven games .
i 've never considered ac anything more then mediocre in terms of narrative and general storytelling .
agreed i was hoping for one of those foodporn shots where they cut a slice in super hi-def .
it 's my wife 's fault i 'm like this .
unfortunately a metal tank would be easier to fix tho as it could be welded .
in this case maybe try to put a large enough bolt in the hole with some jb weld to stop it from backing out and to ensure a good seal .
sealants that stay flexible like silicone wo n't work as they do n't stand up to gas .
so they say and so they do ... like you said there 's 20 millions kurds in turkey .
with all the arbitrary arrests erdogan has made did he go after all kurds ?
if we 're on this sub then i certainly hope we can disagree and still talk about it even more so in a opinion/analysis post .
i fail to see where the offense could be .
typically you would pick it up at the as ticket office across from corwin but according to the mtd website the passes are n't valid until 7 days before the first day of classes
if you are feeling like you 've lost yourself.. find print and frame a picture of the you that is ‘lost ' .
hang it somewhere you can see it everyday and remember that you are still that person !
you are probably right thrawn is probably more 'solid ' and would better carry a borderline hpit team better not only with fracture but also tm swap so you can give more turns to your tm reduction toons as well as recover protection to keep everyone alive .
i think hoda is mostly better if hpit is an easy clear for you on auto and you just want to speed it up i.e .
could could clear it on auto even without thrawn .
plus he is only really any good with an akbar lead .
actually a gimmick where he builds up damage as debt would be interesting .
how does the me163 outperform ya ... . srsly sometimes i think allied pilots are just retarded then i fly allied and see my whole team ground pound and then cry like babys ... seems like i was right
that 's basically what i came to say its stupid and no one in their right mind should do this but i 'm fairly positive that the fuse in both the power strip and to whatever outlet they ste plugged into would blow well before anyone actually got injured
i 'll be missing my first class for the 3 months i have been here tomorrow night because i have a cold .
hope i recover soon so that i can make it to thursday 's training .
it 's killing me knowing i 'll be missing .
of course yours is worse and i should n't be complaining in comparison .
you did n't specify women in her district when you made the claim that half the women are against abortion .
more women are for the right to choose than are against .
the pressure on collins is coming from all over the country not just her district .
this is an issue which will affect the entire country not just her district .
your post has been removed because it consists of a single image .
please read this entire message before you reply and before you contact the moderators about your post .
if you 're submitting a finished project please include additional progress photos and details .
remember that the goal here is to educate others about how they can successfully complete the project themselves .
if you 're submitting a finished project and you do n't have the details of the build try submitting to a more appropriate subreddit instead such as r/somethingimade .
if you 're requesting help and using an image for guidance please use the submit a help request https www.reddit.com/r/diy/submit ? selftext=true instead and include the link to the image inside the body of your post along with as much detail about your questions as you can .
if you 're asking a question that does n't meet the specific question about an aspect of a diy project '' requirement such as how do i complete project x '' or please review my plans '' or where can i buy an x '' please ask your question in the simple questions r/diy/about/sticky thread at the top of r/diy rather than creating a new post .
remember that all posts are required to meet the posting guidelines .
we encourage you to read the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines for more information .
if you believe this is a mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy message=please 20review 20my 20single-image 20submission 20at 20https www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/9gkxvn/any_tips_on_how_to_go_about_removing_this_marble .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
i know that sounds dramatic but as a casual player that 's all i was excited for .
i 'm more of a competitive guy with league of legends and now i 'm playing some cod br too i do n't have all day to only play wow i wanted to level a dark iron dwarf and eventually a zandalari not grind rep to do that i just do n't have that time to commit to world of warcraft .
both sets back and forth hard and deep all night .
the single exception to this is the supernatural powers of nurgle but even that is fairly hit or miss and the end result is so dangerous nurglites ca n't survive it either .
worth mentioning that they 've actually adapted to this during shadowbrink so it looks like tyranids would be capable of forming resistances to magical forms of biological warfare .
been awhile i did n't memorize the script but after yoda refusing him they basically told anakin they were still gon na teach him anyway .
now at that point the council had no say in whatever the kid did .
anakin did have the affection of a queen he gratitude for basically saving naboo single-handedly by destroying the battle droid controls .
if he loved his momma who he just left behind in slavery do you really think amadala would not have given him anything he wanted ?
the two big bits are the tension bars depending on whether you pick the lock from one side or the other .
just need a lock to try them out come on ebay .
i always feel the need to post something like this when i see comments about the world being worse than ever https www.forbes.com/sites/stevedenning/2017/11/30/why-the-world-is-getting-better-why-hardly-anyone-knows-it
i realized that when i saw the credits one day with his namesake company .
sorry about what is likely a difficult transition but super proud of what you have done .
just want to affirm you have done the right thing .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe it took adam and eve 63 million years to open the door of the escape pod huh
they can verify you are employed and your title .
anything past that is not acceptable for employers to tell and most do n't .
i did wonder why they did n't experiment with this as a communications protocol rather than that morally dubious stuff with kingon transmission .
as a long time roy fan this is some dope shit .
finally some solid roy art that does n't make him look like a 15 year old middle school hall monitor .
nowhere have i seen the levels of poverty that i 've witnessed in areas of the usa .
even the low income areas in most of europe do n't come anywhere near the levels of poverty .
for reference i lived in ohio indiana and tennessee .
edit actually some of the first nations reservations ive been to in canada have similar levels of poverty which really is n't good considering the historical context around them .
yeah but caesar is always portrayed as this power hungry maniac .
it would be much easier to gain power by joining the optimates .
i read in a book about mao how his only motivation was his own gains .
but why would he take the absolute hardest path to power ?
then it sounds like you already know what you need to do
can you do something like this for went to costa rica for a week '' ?
good offer but only want to do the lab for keys
posts that start with can we take a moment are really mking me cringe .
i got sanchez from a single free 5 star english league scout i decided to randomly spin .
these new kids are subversive and i do n't like it
i hope it 's a long season because i want to start you in every position !
how are parties supposed to investigate legal claims presented to them if they can not request additional information ?
i do n't see any threats mentioned in this post .
there 's definitely at least one big developpement between kondo and tae but you wo n't see it before 200 episodes..
i would say the gorilla mangaka is as harsh towards his character than his fans .
you 'll see a number of times where kondo is finally in a relationship with tae before the plotwist comes and destroys the happiness you felt for kondo .
he even did it in one of the final chapters when we thought the manga is ending ...
as of right now we still do n't know if there 'll end up together .
i do n't really follow twitter or glenn greenwald specifically but all i 've seen of him lately is just calling into question some of the more anonymous and spurious connections to russia and taking issue with casual use of treason '' .
you believe in the secret space program which helps reinforce your belief in the moon landing .
if you would allow yourself to see the moon landings were a complete hoax it would lead you to realize the secret space program is a false red herring conspiracy .
i would love to have some fun with you !
that 's why i do n't attempt to touch the sun on a daily basis
next time y'all should boof together to get it to the next level .
if you actually read my response and interpreted it as wanting to remove the loot chase '' then you are a complete imbecile .
i loved something about 1 so much i decided to watch the original with kang dong won and kim jung hwa .
so far i like it but i find i am skipping a lot more of the extra family stuff that was n't in the remake just because it 's a bit boring and a little of been there done that .
i do think i liked the remake better so far .
it has a more updated feel more kissing and them being cute together and the colors are nicer also i liked the streamlined feel to the rest of the plot more .
though i do like that she was having lunch regularly with the grandpa in the first one and that felt like it made more sense to the plot than in the remake where it 's implied he got to know her well enough to have him want her to marry the grandson .
other than that i finished lucky romance which i liked for the most part but the last few episodes just lost steam .
i guess mostly i got tired of the silly reasons not to be together anymore and for years .
that 's nearly comparable to the vaccinator resistance but it applies to all types of damage .
ha thanks it 's my eyebrow shade so i use an angles brush so somehow this happened .
upvote if you are in the room as well d
im seeing alot of 'well-to-do ' people walking on the side of the road latley .
one woman turns out had alzheimers and would walk 3 miles to a gas station to buy her favourite bottle of wine or something like that .
yeah grounded is meant to be a tough as possible .
the game and systems were n't even designed with it in mind hence why it does n't feel fair .
enemies do like triple damage and have significantly heightened senses and accuracy .
it 's comparable to brutal in the uncharted remastered collection if your familiar with that .
in the original version survivor was the highest difficulty equivalent to uncharted 's crushing but even that was locked until you beat the game at least once .
hard is where i usually recommend people start the game if they 're reasonably experienced players .
when my dad passed away i saw his body .
not that it 's the end of the world or i 'm all fucked up because of it but it just did not help me at all .
at the time it did actually kinda fuck me up more than i would 've already been .
just my thoughts but i would n't do it .
all dialogue is pulled from the game with the exception of the first page where the courier says man ''
i added that to soften a rude sounding line haha
not sure about formal training but he 's played instruments on albums and live since the early years .
last time i saw him play anything was guitar for little horn during mayhem fest in ...
but you can find him playing guitar for things like down in the park way back in the early 90 's .
and he 's credited at least on acss with the pan flute .
the bigger problem is they break away on monarch death liberty desire is above 50
so just develop their lands a bit and support loyalists
i did that the other day after using 430 slayer points to skip for a jad task ...
but it 's january and we live in new york ... .
he 'd have to change his pope name to jesus ii
what did the surgical strike statement by kaka pertain to ?
fucker pushed us closer to war with a nuclear armed neighbour for local political brownie points .
i 'm looking into biochem or chem as a major leaning towards biochem though .
it 's just the most interesting part of chemistry to me are there any ap classes that colleges especially like to see for chem/biochem majors ?
that 's interesting optical touch screens like that are still around i believe .
think maybe the touchscreen e-ink kindles use a similar technology ?
oh god that 's exactly what it 's going to be like is n't it
they could literally just stop giving us fifth copies in packs and rewards drafting you could still pick them .
overwatch switched to this model over a year after the beta ended and blizzard is doing fine .
obviously it would make it much less expensive to complete a set but more people would probably be willing to buy packs and there 's no trading or dusting so oversupply would n't be a problem .
this is about as fruitful as talking to vegetarians that thing everyone should give up meat .
why are you screaming about it and claiming otherwise ?
why are you claiming all change is positive change ?
he 's good but his situation is n't ideal .
not sure what you 're hyping him so much for as he 's a wr3 with occasional wr2 upside .
they added a slang term in the english translation for no real reason and it 's awful .
stay safe stick to any drills you 've been taught and have faith .
i said it before ill say it again heritage heirlooms .
the more max level alts you have the higher xp gain they give
you cant anymore the sale ended a day or 2 ago you 'd have to wait till the next time it goes on sale .
also you would still need to put in money .
the star runner is the size of a constellation .
youd need to add an extra 200 bucks or so to do an upgrade from an avenger
the lds church 's biggest competition for millennials and gen xers were organizations like cross fit triathlons and running clubs
until they expand closer to la i think it 's more for people in san bernardino which is a large market for vegas .
people who live in santa monica are n't really the target customer for this train .
my first instinct after reading your post and some of your answers below is you are winding yourself up over labels .
if so you 've kind of missed the point .
look at the underlying precepts for both groups or all 3 groups since you 're posting in ppd and follow the ideology that best suits you .
all you 're doing with ok then yeah i 'm blue pill fuck it .
is what you say the red pillers are doing .
vitiate seems like the type of dude who would just wait for nihilus to consume the galaxy and starve to death then move in to pick up the pieces .
in the raw power conversation nihilus is hard to top but it comes with that huge drawback .
part of why he and sion are so interesting both incredibly powerful but at a significant cost .
would extra butter to increase the fat content ruin it ?
no interviews no appearances no cameras documenting his camp no promos nothing .
i do n't know what he attaches his name to besides his own brand his own companies and endorsements .
i honestly doubt that he cares much about the nfl and probably could n't name one team in the league .
i hope you get upvoted enough so more people learn something instead of just laughing because women are dumb .
hmmm ... i started running stuff in the forgotten realms knowing almost nothing about it but dragon heist is a very colorful adventure .
i think if they roll with it you wo n't have any major problems .
in the end the only lore you need to know is what might come up in a given session .
cube event almost here subscribe to my channel for some awesome fortnite videos and more .
concerning this turntable https youtu.be/-saompl1lji i 'm building i have tackled the mechanical aspect of it making it turn .
now i think i 've gotten the electrical aspect of it powering the track and reversing the polarity .
next up will some sort of test to confirm it works then will be onto designing and 3d printing a case and face plate for installation .
i saw a comment asking if split cards can be date stamped but it is not showing up .
i can not find any proof of the side by side cards from dragon 's maze .
one term councillor with the lowest attendance record and zero bills passed .
but i 'm sure that 's because people just did n't like ford and had nothing to do with him having terrible ideas and acting in a shitty way .
it 's dumb to try to guess someone 's tone over the internet unless it 's just blatantly harsh like the post at the bottom .
i have the veritas dovetail and crosscut saws but i was tired of my veritas crosscut saw bottoming out and the giant miter box saw is a little too cumbersome for some delicate cuts so i needed one that was a little bigger and a little more aggressive but that still allowed me to be precise .
one of the most powerful scenes in angels in america is after roy cohn dies .
one of the other characters says the kaddish over him with a napkin on his head as a yarmulke the whole thing is rife with incredible dark humor with the ghost of ethel rosenburg hovering over his shoulder helping him remember the words and finishes with you son of a bitch . ''
i think you 're right that this gets to the heart of the question .
i think many people have a sense that we are entirely free to choose our behavior and so if that is free will then i do n't believe we have it .
so i guess i 'm looking for definitions as much as anything .
pick whichever fits the stock you feel is missing .
with the exception of certain foreign domiciled securities including the securities of companies domiciled in canada and israel that trade above 5 .
if you 're in the east end at coxwell and danforth paul specializes in vestibular stuff and can do the basics like the epley maneuver and balance therapy .
or you can search for vestibular rehabilitation therapy '' and look for a closer physio .
if physio does n't help ask your doctor to fill out a referral form for sunnybrook 's balance disorder clinic .
they 'll run tests and get to the root of the issue .
note that this can be a drawn out and frustrating process if it 's something that does n't go away quickly .
apparently for repubs how the economy is doing is mostly about feelings .
they felt bad with that obummer guy so the economy felt bad .
they feel strong with the carrot cake and chief so strong economy .
gdp growth has been roughly the same since the recovery began around q2 2009 .
michael did n't run this by corporate bringing children into the warehouse is a huge risk .
he owns the house i rent a room from him .
religious does n't have to mean conservative or dogmatic or medieval or stupid .
edit having said that let us try to change the minds of any of our people who are trying to change our religion into one of those .
i did n't vote for her but i agree with your assessment here .
sure agitprop trolls have amplified the issue but the dnc was biased as hell toward the 'establishment ' candidate .
the gop/rnc did the same scummy things to ron paul in 2008 and 2012 .
message me on discord or ps4 my psn is tripoc710
would n't it be the high elves attacking and getting help from the void elves ?
not to mention you have the mental capacity and cooling capacity to overclock it .
i feel like people keep saying this is n't true because of his rebirth run but that 's because he did n't lobdell any characters there because he did n't have any characters to lobdell .
we have n't seen much of him with characters outside jason and from what we 've seen it has n't been good especially with titans roy kory tim etc .
i mean even after the rebirth run he still wrote roy badly like n52 in the annual even though he has n't been written that way for 2 years and he ignored a lot of stuff that happened with him in rebirth to make that work .
i got an excell here but i think it 's outdated .
i have a lot of stuff inside my scav box and i just dont know where to use it .
it should be great to hover the mouse on an item and it lists all items we can get with it .
it was working fine earlier but all of a sudden wo n't let me off the hook on my attempts bug or what am i confused about ?
using decisive strike quick and quiet deliverance and borrowed time .
i 'm looking for a new knife it can be m9/kara doppler fn m9 gamma doppler p2/p4 butterfly m9 or kara tiger tooth fn and m9/kara marble fade if possible !
mostly looking for low floats for butterflys/m9 i can take 0.025fv
i make kids puzzles like this out of mdf .
i have n't been super happy with my brushed on finish and it 's fairly labor intensive brushing each letter .
i can have access to an airbrush but i 'm wondering if it 'll even work or make sense to use it on something this size ?
i would already be sealing and priming so it does n't suck up the paint .
spray paint worked fairly well but it tends to build up and run when i try to reach some crevises because it 's rather thick and imprecise .
is an airbrush feasible if i 'm looking for a smooth even color or will it take too many coats ?
is computer science still a viable course for math studies student ?
be there i just need someone to satisfy my fetish .
use phr4r as interest or gim me a heads up and message me .
i 've been trying to make a nontraditional take on edgar markov work .
i found a combo that goes infinite with only 3 pieces and 2 of those can be in your graveyard .
the pieces are also low cmc and edgar markov can just sit in your command zone !
this will get you infinite 1/1 's and infinite storm/gravestorm count if you care about that .
shields of velis vel or a 1-drop knight can replace bold impaler for just an infinite storm count sacrificing each token they make .
hard to make it work at any level of competitive edh but makes a fun casual deck .
this might not be a 'new ' combo i worked it out a while ago but stopped playing magic for a few months .
haakon is basically my secret commander with the deck built more around him than markov .
first off it is n't hard to combo with phyrexian altar .
unfortunately with how broken it is there is no easy replacement for a similar combo .
haakon is a great fit for edgar markov because there are a ton of vampire knights with great effects for edh and he lets you recast changeling instants as usual but now they also give a 1/1 vampire .
there is a 1-drop changeling but it is blue .
you just need the altar on your board since haakon can be cast from the grave which in turn lets you cast bold impaler from the grave .
so this strategy naturally lends itself to grave-tutors like buried alive and entomb .
haakon needs to be discarded if drawn so that also makes cards like faithless looting and wild guess great for ditching haakon and ripping through your deck .
innistrad vampires were also madness based so they have some good discard outlets .
like i said i wanted to make this a nontraditional take so i run many control tools .
more midrange than agro with board wipes and removal and many good quality vampire knights .
crib swap and nameless inversion are neat tools to recur with haakon and also get you a 1/1 from edgar markov .
to make the combo more resilient i also run pull from eternity and some black effects that can retrieve artifacts from the grave .
to add redundancy to phyrexian altar you could also use ashnod 's altar gemstone array .
i have been with my current employer for around 11 years which is essentially all of my professional life .
my role has evolved to include overseeing a software implementation in a business analyst aspect but since implementing i have become the system owner and have been responsible with writing tsql queries to extract data for various purposes and design use reports using the query in ssrs .
there is an internal opening as a web developer using .net framework and c along with websphere etc .
my colleague knows the hiring manager for this opening and made a connection between us and the manager is interested in me due to my various exposures internally plus the reputation my name has attached to it .
however i have no c or .net experience i understand what it is and the concepts of what you can do with it but that is really it .
the job posting asks for 2 years of experience and extensive knowledge with software engineering .
i am very afraid to pursue this because i do not want to be set up to fail for myself or the new manager .
also i will pretty much be excommunicated from my current department once they know i 'm looking elsewhere as i am part of their succession planning process .
has anyone else entered in to a web developer role like this with similar prerequisite knowledge ?
ok so i took my first dose 18 days ago and feel like there has been a big enough change already for a brief update .
day 1 10/10 migraine ended up at my doctor office to get shots
day 3-5 7/10 migraine/headache my regular meds allowed me to keep it mostly under control
day 5-18 i 've have two headaches zero migraines !
the weather is a huge trigger for me and where i am the weather has been super rainy and hot one day and cold the next .
just looking at the forecast i was expecting to have a migraine the last 3 days alone .
i should be getting my second free dose in the mail in a few days and my doctor has already told me she has a couple of free samples i can have too .
after those run out i 'm praying my insurance covers most of the cost because so far it 's been life changing .
we 'll offer clear universal api 's and dashboards for companies parking garages municipalities maintenance workers emergency services and consumers. parqtoken gogreen smartcity smartparking
i know that we are just starting work on understanding the differences between gut microbiomes among modern populations .
how much work has been done on sequencing the traces of gut microbiomes in ancient latrines ?
do we know anything at all about the gut microbiomes of neanderthals ?
hi i 'm noticing that i ca n't take deep breaths sometimes .
it 's like it 's stuck '' at my chest and not going down to my lungs .
i 've experienced this issue once or twice last month and i 'm now having this issue for 3-4 days now .
it happens both when i breathe with my nose and my mouth and the issue will be gone randomly after while which i can take a deep breath maybe once or twice before it comes back .
i think it goes away when i 'm tired from exercising .
starts out very weak but gains value each time it is played .
the goal is to create a high spell damage swooping moonkin by bouncing back to your hand which can be used with spells to otk the opponent due to it 's low mana cost .
this card creates an alternative spell damage otk to malygos rogue .
the last 20 hours have been a ride for not only us but also the rest of the internet .
that 's why we made this update regarding the state of this sub .
important update after a overwhelming majority in the poll that we posted about other princesses have we decided to add a other princesses '' flair .
now you can post fanart of other princesses only if you flair it with other princesses .
we could n't imagine a sub growing this fast !
thank you to all the subscribers and we will keep improving this sub !
here you can post fanart memes lewd bowsette and just chill out and talk to other people !
as we seen many times posts with sexually suggestive content appear frequently .
it 's one of the key aspects of bowsette and we fully support all the artists making those posts but it also appears that there is loli fanart of bowsette .
as stated in the official reddit rules it is illegal to post these fanarts .
that 's why we have decided to ban these posts .
if you post any sort of loli or other underaged fanart then it will be deleted .
posting these multiple times will result in a ban .
in the previous post about the subreddit we included a poll for you to vote for who you liked better blonde bowsette or redhead bowsette !
edit apparently one of our moderators made a mistake and swapped the results .
as we have seen there is tons of fanart from other princess ' most notably king boo .
this is a pretty divisive topics amongst the moderators and we are not sure what to do .
we decided to make a poll for you guys to vote on what you would like to see on the subreddit and here 's the poll .
have a lovely day and we hope we can make this sub into something beautiful !
so i am currently roughly 1/3 of the way through 4☆ quests and i am noticing that there is n't any new insect glaives to forge since the 1☆ quests that unlock the sand anchor http mhgen.kiranico.com/insectglaive/sand-anchor which is what i have .
i have upgraded that as far as it will go but out of curiosity i 'm looking at all the other weapons and almost every one of them appear to have a newish release after killing some of the recent 3☆ and 4☆ monsters ...
now i am by no means suffering in accomplishing a hunting mission with the upgraded sand anchor that i have.. in fact i stopped playing for a while because i felt that the game was getting too easy i 'm absolutely positive it picks up later .
i just feel like it 's too simple now but i just cant help but wonder if i 'm being robbed of even more damage output ...
the forged armor options seem to be updating and getting better but just where are all the new igs !
i 've done every quest up until 4☆ and just about every side thing i can find.. constantly checking each area to see if there is even someone to talk to.. and nothing .
i still have the same ol ' boring sand anchor ...
tl dr insect glaive forge options have not upgraded since 1☆ missions .
i have been stuck with sand anchor and i 'm 1/3 of the way through 4☆ .
using query to importrange of records that have a score from this sheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q7jlmqqlp-vr6zeg6lfyz2-622r-tofbx8nfd_xsvma/edit gid=1915915792 ...
but the standard filter/sort feature found in the tool ribbon/menu clicks does not work in that sheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vg9l9kokm66fjablk2qydlgiuyd-ntdzofqfjstsdr0/edit gid=0 that contains the imported range .
looking for maybe an index solution just something that does not employ query so i can filter/sort the data easily .
when you buy sets every 5 keys you will get free cd-key for steam game ?
i started to get into this series because a friend recommended it to me .
started playing contracts and i 'm liking the really dark atmosphere it tries to radiate but i ca n't understand a thing about what 's going on aside from the fact that agent 47 is stuck in flashback hell .
please explain i 'm currently at the mission slaying the dragon '' without too much spoilers as much as possible
as asked in the title i 'm looking for a good european cook group most of them are us based any suggestions ?
the undisputed best character sheet for shadowrun 5 is getting even better !
fixed row formatter not working on new lines added .
notes can now be removed to make the box even more compact .
added new row formatter options move up add below clear to ease editing a large box .
switched to new font color on the sheet to improve readability .
added new box journal '' to log karma and nuyen earnings/expenses .
but as i use the german sheets i have no english screen shots .
first off is there anyone in birmingham england who would be available to meet and help me out ?
i 'm a guy from india and have been travelling around the world for three years now 1.5 years in europe s america 1.5 years in india .
right now i 'm in england without a return ticket to india and i thought why not not book a flight to india and instead do a 2-3 month tour of kyrgyzstan tajikistan uzbekistan iran and turkey .
if you 're indian you 'll know that those countries offer us e-visas or visa-on-arrival hence the choice
i also want to do this tour on a bicycle if possible .
i plan to buy a bicycle and gear leave in the 2nd week of october start in kyrgyzstan and then make my way down to the pamir highway and then see what the road says .
i 've ridden bicycles a decent amount but i do n't have much experience riding in the cold which is what the weather will be in all the mountainous regions .
surely the false advertising laws exist to protect us from exactly this kind of wanton lying .
to make it worse nearby is the summerlee museum .
foggy damp coldside are the adjectives you are looking for .
i currently ca n't play on my pc and i have this laptop that i use for uni but i have no idea if she can take it or not and i 'd hate to try it for it to not work out afterwards..
the chain explosion from the adds is crazy plus you can dps boost during damage phases .
after completing the games and loving them i 've gone and decided to read the books .
i read both the last wish and sword of destiny and both were fantastic but now i have no idea where to go next some people saying toc some tower of the swallow and others blood of elves and i 'm just confused .
what do you guys think about cooler master masterwatt 550w psu ?
it got more or less adequate price in my country compared to psus in similar price range and wattage and judging by the reviews it 's somewhere on corsair cx series level which i 'm really happy about i 've considered buying a cx550m before the prices spiked up .
except evga psus i know they are good for the price but they are not available in my country .
i 'm planning to overclock so i think psu wattage should be no less than 500w to give some headroom
hi i 've been playing hoi iv for a year and since the start i 've been kinda annoyed by the templates and i never really found out how to use them .
i 've been trying to watch youtube videos about the matter and i 've looked through reddit and i never seem to find any solution to my problem .
no matter if it 's early mid or late game i always fail with the templates and end up getting crushed even if i have a stronger soft attack than the other guy ?
it really ruins the game for me since it makes it really hard to play multiplayer or vanilla without insane buffs and i really want some more steam achievements ...
if anyone has a solution to my template problem then i could really need your help .
i hate the feel of water but love the feel of juice soda soda water .
i am looking for an explanation why arylgroups are more stable less likely to form radicals and stuff than dienes .
it must have something to do with the ring structure but i ca n't figure out and explain to others why the ring structure is so much more stable than the conjugated dienes .
if you know a source which can explain this difference or know the explaination please let me know !
understanding the behaviors and buying habits of your customers gives your organization the ability to make strategic business decisions and stay on the bleeding edge of industry innovation .
i mostly like rock and metal music and have a vinyl record collection of over 500 .
i am willing to be diverse though and wo n't judge you for your tastes .
i also have a lot of ideas on how the world should work or even just to fix some stupid first world problem .
i am a good listener and conversations with me will never be boring .
i 'm pretty lazy but i love to try new things and am the kind of person to try crazy things on a whim .
does anyone have an event timeline so we know who to start farming ?
instead of toggling his mask on and off with a cool down how about he puts it on and off without a cool down ?
here 's what the conditions for this change could be
has to go through animation to take off and put on mask
can not ads with mask on like in bf1 when you wear a gas mask .
he can perform actions like melee barricading reinforcing anything he could n't do with his gadget now is possible with this change .
if you guys could think of other ideas that 's pretty neat and i 'd like to hear them
hey guys i have a torrented version of ableton 9 i know that 's not right at all i downloaded it like a year ago just to have some fun with it nothing serious .
the thing is i got me a foscurite interface and it came with live 9 lite im thinking about upgrading it to live10 suite .
is there a chance of having any problems with the original license due to the fact that i had a pirate version of the program ?
what do i have to do to help brockhampton reach 1 ?
my son was born on september 15 and was latching ok early and i was producing colostrum so we did n't supplement in the hospital .
my milk however has still not really come in and feeding him and pumping is just really confusing and frustrating .
i 'm going to make an appointment with a lactation consultant for later in the week and i 'm going to stop in a breastfeeding clinic they offer at my hospital on thursday .
but in the meantime i have two questions that i hope you ladies can help me with !
first i have like no supply so each feeding i 'm feeding him on both breasts and then pumping as much as i can or at least that is the plan i 'm not awesome at pumping in the middle of the night and supplementing with formula— he tends to take between 1 oz yay breasts !
pumping wise i average 3 mls a breast and then they are truly tapped .
he 's a newborn so he is supposed to eat every 2-3 hours .
are my breasts really supposed to be full again 2 hours later ?
do people whose milk has come in have that ?
second once i get a good latch i 've been watching youtube videos on deep latches he will suck literally like 3 times and then fall asleep .
i know we are supposed to bug them and annoy them to keep them from falling asleep but i 'm not exaggeration 3-4 sucks— he does n't even give them a chance !
and i think he gets liquid it 's the squishy noises that sounds like swallowing .
i do n't think it 's learned because of the supplementing he 's been doing it from the beginning but not that quickly .
does it mess up the refilling process to have on the boob nap times in between ?
i do n't experience any sort of let down and i do n't notice any change in sucking except that the later ones are in his sleep from me bugging him not the deeper slower sucking that my spectra says it is trying to mimic .
edit to add i also panic-ordered legendairy supplements at 1 am a few days ago so hopefully that will help or at least will placebo help .
i used to be a fan of blitz but those eyes there the first thing i think of when i wake up and the last thing i think of when i go to sleep .
i used to find comfort in that steely gaze and saw the panic and fear as i rushed towards them .
but i just ca n't bring myself to do it anymore knowing that he has such a soy boy face they took the man out of german
i 'm waffling back and fourth over which one i should order .
if you have any experience with either of them be it good or bad comment about it .
i would love to get some real world feedback .
i 've currently got a dr. dabber boost that 's getting a bit long in the tooth .
it 's never been my daily driver but it comes in quite handy on the road .
tl dr i 'm always thinking i 'm doing something wrong or i think i hear something or start to think i can feel something different .
and unless i can figure out with 100 certainty i 'm on edge for the rest of the trip ... will this get better after something major does happen and i know that all the little things i worry about that turn it to be nothing are just that .
or will it get worse after something major happens ?
i 've been driving trucks for about 8 years now .
i started in a large reefer truck but have been driving a dump truck for the past 2 years .
it was an 04 ' freight liner my boss had bought in 2011. so it was like brand new to me especially compared to the truck it was replacing .
the dump trucks i 've been driving range from an 85 gmc/cat to 87 psycho-billy international and a couple of other beaters from time to time .
the point i 'm trying to make is this .
in all my years and all the different trucks i have never had a blow out or anything else major that has threatened to take control of the vehicle out of my hands .
also have yet to get pulled over or been in an accident .
sure i 've had to lock up the brakes before and there has been more times i 've gotten luckier than i probably deserve in some hairy situations but i 've always drove away without anything major to note .
ever since i was learning my dad and my first boss taught me how to drive i never went to any school i have always been super attentive and have what i consider a healthy amount of paranoia .
but every time i hear a car horn i immediately think they 're honking at me .
after i make a quick assessment of everything around me and could safely assume the honk was n't for me that 's when the paranoia kicks in .
i start wondering if something is wrong with the truck that i ca n't see etc .
i 've never had a blow out but from what everyone tells me if a tire goes you 'll know .
and most of the major issues you can have are like this .
but that does n't stop my mind from wondering what if something major has happened that i 'm oblivious to .
in the loud trucks i 'm always thinking i heard something yelling or a horn or all kinds of shit when it 's loud .
when cars come up on me fast and pass me for a split second i think maybe they 're trying to catch me to tell me to pull over ... but they always just keep going and so do i .
this is the best i can explain the feeling in writing .
it 's not as accurate as i 'd like but hopefully other drivers know the feeling i 'm trying to put words to ... most of the time i think this makes me a better driver but some days it can really wear me out .
anytime we start to push rating we always meet a variation of the same comp havoc demon hunter bm hunter disc priest .
some other healers sometimes and their damage is so insanely huge that even if we cc and cc they will burst us a ton when they get out of our cc rotation and after a few bursts we die on high dampening .
i do n't understand how it 's possible to beat that obviously it is but i still do n't understand how their damage is so huge that even if we cc them 75 of the time they still double my damage .
this is just extremely frustrating and we have probably played 100 games against them and ca n't get a single win .
i 'm currently working in korea and as such i receive payment in won to a korean bank account .
when i eventually return to the us i will need to convert that won to usd .
does anyone know the best ways to do this and/or what kind of fees i 'd be looking at .
let 's say we 're taking anything from 10-50 million won 10-50k usd .
so i have a i5 7600k which is is a quad core processor and my pc says there is cpu 0,1,2,3 is that normal
im undes so my a school '' is 17 days currently im just in holding so id like some advice about getting dental work done in the fleet .
if i have 3x astartes intercessors and 3x scouts how many gunners can i have total ?
until now i 've been lurking but i want to start joining in on the fun .
i 'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this but i recently started seeing a therapist for some insomnia/hallucinations/emotional regulation problems .
once i finish therapy i was hoping to become a foster parent but now that i 've told my therapist so many things i 've never told anyone i 'm afraid she 's going to tell the people who do my background check that i 'm mentally unstable or at risk of suicide or something .
i know there 's the whole confidentiality thing but when kids are involved does that go out the window ?
does the fact that i 've planned a suicide before and have occasional psychotic episodes brought on by sleep deprivation disqualify me ?
if so why has n't she taken my daughter away ?
i would never hurt my child and she 's always well fed and cared for and loved .
so i do n't see how it could be said that i 'm unfit but i 'm still afraid because i just told my therapist last week about the suicide and hallucinations .
should i have not said that if i still wanted to be a foster mom ?
about all of the material i saw that was not from the site was christians expressing their troubles with the clubs .
i want to see what actually happens in those clubs .
i go to the gym 4-5 times per week .
despite being able to live at a basic level and not necessarily being socially inept i just ca n't find motivation to do anything after work or on weekends .
i visit some game stores to browse but do n't really have money to do anything other than pay taxes bills and rent .
do n't have any friends in the area but many online that i talk to daily .
have this bizarre innate fear of my family dying and leaving me alone despite the odds of that being very low because they 're all healthy and none are really that old nobody above 60 .
i do n't drink a ton but i like a beer at the end of the day .
maybe two on a weekend if i also go to the gym .
play lots of video games but half of them are mobile games that i can safely spend 5 minutes on once per hour so the overall amount of time i spend on games is maybe 1-2 hours per day .
church on sundays i 'm christian and appreciate the food for thought .
i have the job i 've trained my whole life for and while i do n't hate it it 's boring 80 of the time .
constantly daydreaming about different fantasy worlds i make up in my head complete with stories characters etc .
some are surprisingly detailed too with long enough stories to make the extended version of lotr blush .
do n't really like movies anime is fun sometimes but not really a vice either .
like i ca n't even differentiate between the last month and this month .
i would n't say i feel sad about anything in particular but the words lethargic '' and slightly melancholy '' come to mind .
do n't have an so or anyone i 'm particularly attached to either outside of some friends that are far away even if i do talk to them on a daily basis for 2-3 hours .
do normal people just go about their lives in near complete apathy ?
i mean the way i see it now life does n't suck by any means but i would n't describe it as fun either .
i very strongly identify with the experiences of narcissistic abuse but i do n't think of my spouse as a narcissist necessarily .
does it really matter if she is narcissistic or not ?
i recently finished re-reading night the first time being 5 years ago and it was not as depressing as i remember it being .
of course it is still terrible to read about the atrocious conditions victims of the holocaust endured but it did n't make me want to cry like it did the first time .
i wonder if it 's because i 'm older and more mature and knowledgeable about the horror that is our world or if i 've just become numb to hearing about that sort of thing .
anyone else experience this or something like it with another book ?
they made a great team but people did n't think so .
i 've heard that this finnick guy ca n't even understand himself . ''
i bet he cries when things get hard . ''
other 3 started to go on their own adventures .
silver and terry started to go on their own adventures .
terry became more unstable and silver became even quieter .
her desire for a new adventure was through the roof .
they finally met and agreed to never take apart .
without any hesitation finnick stood up and walked out of his cave .
they all hugged each other and promised to never take apart again .
in case you did n't know this is based on jungian congnitive functions https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jungian_cognitive_functions of an infp .
did i just marix this kid or was his aim bad ?
'' the fool '' has come https preview.redd.it/vddgqemu7ho11.png ? width=800 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=50867b5842fed24722f46c43e13e36bccd4b47ba
probably are being a slut of a furry as we all are !
we 're looking for literate fun and exciting furs and non furs.. to join in our fun and just cozy little group we 're hopefully gon na expand on !
so hope on discord and either add jäger 6069 or donnyhotty 8663 and start your message off with i 'm a slut of a fur ! ''
then post yah age ref and name and whatnot and a little reason about yahself or why yah wan na join !
hi everyone got a fancy thing to go to next week and need to sort some clothes out for it .
my plan was to buy a suit from somewhere like burtons and have it tailored somewhere near the city centre where i 'm currently living .
also i 'm a brummie so was thinking of finishing off the look with a peaky blinders cap .
from what i have seen one of the major reasons that crew dragon will not be reuseable for manned flight is due to corrosion risks stemming from ocean landings land in the great lakes maybe ?
of course it would take a much larger net arms and ship .
but the biggest obstacle would be the parachute as the weight of the dragon is over a magnitude greater than anything ever parachuted before .
i 'm new to the world machine learning and i started with deep learning using it mostly as a black box tool .
with the time i 'm trying to understand how everything works and i 'm now focusing on the categorical crossentropy loss .
i always used it for classification problems and i never really questioned its definition .
however now that i 'm looking at it i noticed that it only takes into account the probability of the label for the sample that i 'm training on .
for example if the true label is 0 1 0 and the predicted label is 0.1 0.8 0.1 the categorical crossentropy will only look at 0.8 .
would it not make more sense if i also tried to minimise the probability of the other classes besides maximising the probability of the target class ?
an example could be having a loss which combines the categorical crossentropy of the class and the same thing for 1-prob of negative classes .
have n't had an aquarium in a while but cleaning out my parents basement and found a couple old 10 gallon tanks .
i scrubbed them out and they are ready to go but i ca n't figure out what to do for substrate .
originally wanted to do gravel but stumbled across the walstad method and i was pretty convinced to go that route .
but since it 's been a while i know i will be experimenting and moving stuff around as time goes on and i 've heard it 's a lot more of a mess moving stuff around with that setup .
i like the look of fluorite black but will the plants grow in that gravel ?
i can not finish in this game at all .
every single shot i take bounces off the crossbar or the post or it gets launched into outer space .
i 've tried timed finishing on and off low drivens chips and finesse .
have some old gba gbc games ps2 games razer gaming mouse gtx 560 corsair k75 in gunmetal with mxbrowns blue leds light water damage burnt leds happens over time and missing 3 keys due to toddler .
i 'll update this list with timestamps and inventory when i get home from work .
edit managed to negotiate a trade for now i think i 'm good .
i know it 's one of the prompts the lose track of time one but will discussing something that i absolutely love not have enough of me in the essay or could i make it work if i tie it to my own life and personality ?
hi all i 'm currently in the background check process of caviar .
i currently deliver logistics for amazon dd and grubhub .
i wanted to add caviar to my roster since i 'm in the oakland/piedmont area a lot when i do grubhub and noticed lots of caviar signs .
i wanted to know how the market is for the region .
i know they pay far better than the other courier apps out there .
any feedback or tips would be great thank you !
my fellow community members i am honored to invite nebulas founder hitters xu and co-founder aero wang to join us and answer your questions about nebulas .
for a successful ama everyone needs to post their questions below and also upvote their favorite questions from fellow community members .
please share this ama with other members in the nebulas and blockchain community .
let 's make this an informative and successful event !
click here to view a countdown timer https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/launch ? iso=20180929t23 p0=33 msg=nebulas+ama+with+founder+hitters+xu font=sanserif
what to ask questions pertaining to the status and development of nebulas .
i 've been playing fish in modern since 2012 and recently picked the game back up and found this subreddit
i 'm interested in hearing what types of basic island you guys use for your fish decks
i know gurus/apac/euro and even beta at this point are out of a lot of people 's price range so i 'm curious if you guys have a favorite that you like to jam down to play those fishies
personally i run douglas shuler 's off center spire islands from mirage because i love the look of old school lands and how striking that island is on the card
i 'm so tired of trying to edit my lines apply consumables and accidentally '' back out too fast causing the game to freeze .
the dan le batard podcast and other espn podcasts have been pulled from google music .
i 'm a sales team manager for an aviation company and i have a new hire starting in a couple of weeks .
while there is a manual and lots of resources i discovered that there is not an actual training plan to follow for the first days weeks and months of a new hire .
training is something i take very seriously and i want to set her up for success in this role .
she 's new to the industry as i was and there 's a lot to learn .
the role is varied and there 's a lot of disparate pieces that make it up .
we obviously want to turn her into a self-sufficient successful employee and i have about 45 days to do it .
my question is about how to develop the best road map .
i 've trained rookies on a plan that basically started with terms and concepts in week 1 then hands-on coaching for week 2 and then gradually got more and more hands-off until they were doing it all on they 're own in week 4 and 5 .
it 's gradual it makes sense on paper you learn it all then you do it all .
the problem i 've experienced with method 1 is that it 's a blast of information from day one with little opportunity to practically apply it .
you do n't retain much and there 's a lot of frustration and anxiety that they 're not going to catch on .
rather than divide the weeks by level of independence what if it was based on subject ?
so week 1 you learn about one thing and you practice that one thing until the end of the week when you 've got it down .
then week 2 it 's a new subject that incorporates what you learned in week 1 and builds on that .
this solves the method 1 problem by allowing lots of practice and hands-on goodness .
the problem with 2 is that you can be in week 3 or 4 without even touching certain parts of the job yet .
so what are your thoughts on these two methods ?
how can i best train my new employee avoid the frustration and anxiety and provide wins and positive experiences ?
do i give them all the information first and then practice or one small piece with practice another small piece with practice etc ?
there was a special called mr.robotdec0d3d.doc '' that aired on usa network just prior to the s2 premier and that is also available on youtube .
did that special give us some information about what is really happening on the show and the way to figure it out ?
i recently viewed this again and realized that sam esmail and team mr .
robot are mentioning things like each person in a different world '' several worlds '' multiple realities '' things like that over and over .
the special also makes it a point to show footage and in the shots of mr .
i wondered about this last year in a post that i did but i do n't have any good ideas for what is really happening with the clothes changes
one of the themes in sam esmail 's movie comet '' was the multiple reality/universe concept that he mentioned again regarding mr .
robot and it has gotten a lot of discussion on the sub with great theories and discussions from so many people .
all kinds of loops and repetition many different types of simulations .
of course there is the confusion and memory loss/changes of elliot which seems to be related to his did but could also be something different .
in addition there have been several discussions of why mr .
different pants sometimes with sunglasses sometimes with round glasses hat no hat scarf no scarf 2 scarves ... you get where i am going with this .
kor adana mentioned that we should be paying attention to mr .
robot 's clothes and accessories within the last year or so i think it was a hollywood reporter interview .
so why all the clothing changes for a dead guy who is a figment of elliot 's imagination ?
'' later robot tries to confront irving and he 's knocked out by two dark army agents .
when he wakes up his hat and glasses are gone .
robot and elliot are the same person which means the hat and glasses are not real .
robot is being stripped away of some of the objects that make him who he is .
robot did n't wear his glasses in the pilot either .
so those objects apparently could indicate something about robot 's power but i still do n't see how changing pants and other attire completely fit that idea especially considering the closing line of kor adana 's reply so i do n't know what to do with the info .
i 'm going to through out an idea just for discussion
robot '' the show as a situation occurring in a limited number of different realities/universes and/or different loops/simulations does the key to figuring out which one we are watching at a given time on the show rest with what mr .
sure this seems like an odd question but if we are seeing the story unfold in multiple realities with elliot as our constant and the guy wears almost exactly the same thing all the time then how the heck are we supposed to be able to tell which world/reality/universe we are in at the moment ?
we all know that elliot 's apartment changes like crazy with pipes and radiators changing places etc .
what if that is n't just intended to represent elliot 's internal confusion and mental state but the different realities that we are seeing where the apartment has a different configuration in each one ?
i personally could not keep track of the apartment nearly as easliy as i could mr .
robot 's attire but it is basically the same idea .
so what do folks think and have any of you noticed patterns or trends with mr .
eta btw credit to u/fanofgoodmovies and u/reconchrist who pointed out additional mr .
robot clothing changes to me on the old post i cited above forgot to thank them here .
retired x 2 years suffered from mental disorders since childhood .
glad to see this forum to hear from others who 've been around the block a few times .
also i feel concerned sometimes about posting to forums with younger people .
i do n't feel comfortable telling them that some of the feelings and problems they have may be permanent so many are depressed and frightened and disheartened enough already .
anyway glad to have found you guys and thx to the person who started this .
anyone know why snk wo n't let the characters age ?
athena and kyo have been like 18 years old since 1994 lol .
even the street fighter characters age with each new street fighter game they release seems like only thing they do with the kof chars is just change their costumes a little bit and that 's it .
would be nice to see kyo mature and become a grandmaster of the kusanagi flame like saisyu or something .
and pave way for a new protagonist like ash or something
otherwise i ca n't think of any other reason .
they could have easily adapated the last part of the manga .
we had already seen it in the anime and also read it in the manga .
i really wonder if they will ever animate jinchuu arc if a live action for that arc will ever be green-lit as they did with the previous la .
it also seems that the new manga is selling very well in japan https www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2018-09-12/japanese-comic-ranking-september-3-9/.136699
love vashikaran specialist by tona totka tantra mantra 91-9876425548 in kachchh lakhpat chhuger
love vashikaran specialist by tona totka tantra mantra 91-9876425548 in kachchh lakhpat chhuger
is it just me or do the possible drops from the ability orb seem to be not worth it unless you get the t4 drop ?
can you still get cheese flavored tim tams in indonesia and if so would anyone be interested in a snack exchange ?
could n't find anything specifically spelling this out for me .
if you charge a transport does it also count as charging the unit inside ?
i play khorne berzerkers so if i were to charge a rhino destroy the rhino and then consolidate into some space marines would they be able to fight the space marines ?
this also is a question if you have 2 units charge a transport so it is not limited to berzerkers .
wanting to know the absolute cheapest way to send money with crypto ?
we 've done the calculations for you and the cheapest is transferring btc !
when sending money compare remittance companies banks and crypto exchanges at moneystyle .
turkey to united states send btc from btcturk to localbitcoins*|**-0.651
indonesia to united states send btc from indodax to localbitcoins*|**-0.600
malta to canada send ltc from kraken to quadriga cx*|**-0.075
monaco to canada send ltc from bitstamp to quadriga cx*|**-0.074
san marino to canada send ltc from kraken to quadriga cx*|**-0.070
luxembourg to canada send ltc from kraken to quadriga cx*|**-0.070
netherlands to canada send eth from kraken to quadriga cx*|**-0.069
italy to canada send eth from bitstamp to quadriga cx*|**-0.067
ireland to canada send eth from kraken to quadriga cx*|**-0.067
portugal to canada send ltc from bitstamp to quadriga cx*|**-0.066
negative fees indicate you receive more money on the transfer than you send usually by exploiting arbitrage .
i applied for rma on account of weak sound from headpiece speaker .
it says in the conditions that there should be no physical damage .
the device has never been in water so i am not worried about that .
i doubt condensation would be able to cause it .
in any case i do n't want to send it and be accountable for shipping costs the service center is in another country if they find that this camera glass being broken voids warranty .
also the speaker is so bad that everyone who uses the phone says it 's terrible but not sure how would service center see it .
it 's been a week today since having the sublocade injection .
the soreness and swelling of the depot '' site has finally subsided today !
i rubbed antibiotic ointment on and around the depot everyday .
i was on 1-2mg a day leading up to the sub .
the dr said it would dose me 10+mg a day and that some individual 's plasma levels indicate 12-24mg daily .
it was around 5-6 hrs after leaving the drs office that i first began to feel the effects .
i 'm a high energy type and i sleep on average 4 hrs a night .
i 'd wake up and try to bust a move out of here .
i did n't realize it at the time but i was ... .. .. !
going back to work after a 3 day hiatis seems to have helped .
i feel good and it 's normal thing going on .
i 've always had to worry about a dose .
15 years of running out of meds early being dope sick watching the clock for dose time cause i got ready way to early !
12 years on methadone and 3 on bupe all filled with anxiety guilt cover ups and lies !
the more you inflicted on yourself the more you deserved it .
it 's a great relief and one i still have n't fully felt .
i do n't have to worry about that shit anymore .
not goin be sick no running out early no guilt no cover ups .
anyone still reading this did n't mean to get off track .
i was realizing some shit as i was telling you about em .
all good with the subcolade at the end of week 1 .
so a few days ago i noticed that it was taking 30 minutes to download game updates that were around 1 gig .
my plan is 100 mbps download and while that is true on my other devices my laptop is nowhere near that .
according to speed test my download speed is at about less that 5mbps both through ethernet and wifi .
however when i check using my phone i 'm at 100 mbps .
same connection so i know its not my network unless it is .
i did all the benchmarks and scans that let me know if its a hardware issue but each test comes back negative .
the really weird thins is that when i watch videos on youtube .
i can watch them in 1440p and there is no hiccups .
back when i was at my 35mbps plan my netlfix would take forever to load and it was a pixelated mess .
i do n't get that even when the test says its slow .
downloading games or programs is what taking me forever .
i wan na know if there is a possible solution before talking with dell tech support .
also i have a 10 year old mac that 's in the opposite side of the house that 's constantly hitting 80 mbps .
edit i updated my laptop and the problem is still there .
just as a measure im gon na restart my router .
lately i 've seen a lot of cool buttons with custom caps/plungers with a print and i was wondering if they could be rubbed out with extensive use .
maybe a bit of clear plastic above the print ?
frozen foods are very convenient because they ensure that families sit and enjoy hot meals together without having spent hours toiling in the kitchen .
let soak for about half an hour and then go ahead with a slightly firm brush .
i think he got confused as you didnt use the quote markdown
and it is n't just makeup its skincare haircare homeware clothes shoes tech stuff ... you name it .
i 'll get really into something read tons of reviews watch tutorials buy tons of crap .
a few weeks later i have zero interest in that thing .
for october i 'm really trying to curb my spending money on shit habit .
so i 'm going to set myself a spending money on shit budget and stick to it .
i 'm going to write down all the things i want to buy and think long and hard about actually parting with my cash .
trying to think about what i really need and hopefully reduce the amount of clutter and crap that 's currently living in my drawers .
i do notice when i do n't watch so much youtube i am less tempted to buy all the things .
when i read a glowing review about something it is literally the most difficult thing to not go straight out and purchase .
i saw an amazing review for the babyliss big hair the other day and promptly went out and dropped £70 on one .
i used it twice and now i do n't want it anymore .
but would require a ton of parts and hard work
heya just posting to announce that the bandai-namco 'banana fish character pop store ' will be opening in shinjuku tomorrow september 28 2018 .
twitter link here https twitter.com/chara_pop/status/1045206988903202816 while the bandai-namco banana fish collab page is here https bandainamco-am.co.jp/chara_shop/bananafish .
but seriously there 's friggin ' dino but no yut-lung ? ?
the thing that cost us the match was yet again poor finishing and poor defending .
the fk might at least peg us back on level terms but then we might still lost the game at pens .
i think it 's awesome that they were ready for that request and had kits made up !
leave these poor sick monkeys alone they 're sick they 've got problems enough as it is .
the title basically says it all amd 's market share went nuts this month due to the ridiculous price increases of intel cpus for example the 8700k went from 320 eur to 470 .
this way they managed to keep the revenue alive somehow which is good for their stock holders i guess they currently sit at a daily market share of 25 .
i am very curious how long this charade will continue .
and what will be the initial price of the 9900k ?
does that mean they have very happy plants in there ?
or were they meaning a garden of plants that has intercourse with the same sex of plant non stop ?
they did n't edit the eddie murphy stand up stuff so hopefully they wo n't edit this .
so in between scraping puppy and making iridescence was the '199x ' tracks were any of them mentioned ?
were they set to ever be part of something bigger or just the radio show ?
if i first choose the right will the left know i 'm right ?
people who do n't identify as ether male or female .
binary has only two options in this case male or female .
john mcstain must have had dirt on him ever since his passing lg has been on the maga train .
your submission was removed because the domain is not whitelisted .
the only links allowed are gfycat.com i.imgur.com imgur.com media.tumblr.com reddit.com self.bollywoodrealism youtu.be youtube.com i.reddituploads.com and i.redd.it .
if you wish to appeal this removal please message the moderators at https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fbollywoodrealism
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bollywoodrealism if you have any questions or concerns .
i have this installation up for nearly half a year now .
i made so many changes over time this is what it takes until you have a rice that really works well .
but if you want to be inspired my configs are up in my github .
with all of my 52 cousins thirty aunts and uncles 4 grandparents and the family dog .
i do n't consider myself a youtuber but i do try to post videos regularly and i can say for a fact that not all '' youtubers ruin games for people like that .
not like you 'll see her again anyways with as large of a player base the ps4 has right now .
also in your edited version he 's not saying hi '' anymore so he comes off as kinda aloof ?
got to hand it to him though threatening to change codes when lions were interested in recruiting wayne carey is funny as fuck
i do n't know very many people over 80 but i can think of 4 .
she did spend some time in a nursing home in her 90s but lived on her own up until 93 or so .
my neighbor is 92 and does n't smoke and is very active he is outside just about every day all day .
he ca n't hear anything though and even though he looks really healthy from far away my dog bit his dog and i took him to the vet and that old man is very weak up close .
watching him try and control his very large young and boisterous dog was pretty sad .
my friends grandparents are both in their 90s they do n't smoke .
the grandma has dementia falls a lot and does n't really have any idea what 's going on .
the grandpa is mentally with it but ca n't see or hear much of anything .
being 90 sucks regardless of cigarettes i think lol .
all ultramarine plot armor is imperial propaganda and i 'm going to pretend it was never published .
i advocate the same for anyone else who does n't want early onset diabetes from the saccharine overload .
in the past it did n't matter if they married a targaryen like robert 's grandmother or a blond lannister .
i would change to text to 2 damage to each of up to 3 units .
to make it a bit more clear and concise .
does the current card text deal 2 damage split up among the 3 units ?
does the freeze go away after an opponents turn in a 3 player game ?
the up to '' portion is optional of course depending if you want it to be able to target 1-2 units as well as 3 or are forced to target exactly 3 every time .
bring your sister have her try them out in public to show people those underwear are n't for you
yell my little sister sure looks great in these underwear from time to time to show you 're supportive
i know someone who has been married for 30-odd years whose husband has literally never seen her face without makeup on it .
i feel like that might be the reason why i just ca n't figure out a reason to like him .
the flashbacks did n't feel that natural to me and kinda just felt like they were there to make a lore dump on lyon rather than make me feel sympathetic towards him .
a new intro chapter would definitely help somewhat to kind of establish lyon before the events of ss .
not sure if it 's just a personal bug but i could n't hear/see the rockets coming until they blew up my structure
most people follow blindly and its the only quest you have after the intro .
spent my money on the s4 aw this year .
next year will be a big upgrade for the phone but for now my x is serving me well .
also for yondu the gotg2 version of his uni right ?
probably but i ca n't do shit for dick about it with as poor as my family is .
i do n't have the time nor the money for a lawyer and a big court battle especially considering how little proof i have other than the word of my new dentist .
i did n't keep track how many of these has been created alr lol
bitmex supports this just not in via their web ui .
the system supports a lot of advanced orders what you are looking is called linked orders '' specifically you want oco .
so either use trading software that supports this or script it yourself directly against their api .
the episode is meant to show sarah that chuck wants a real relationship no spy stuff no lies just me '' i am just his cover girlfriend .
she also knows that she is not able to offer him that because she will never be normal .
the writers used the only person that made sense for this someone that he had history with and was not completely over her .
ok thanks for the info i was n't aware of ucas extra
i 'm american and i 've never met someone who was spanish that used it .
every car that is add makes s6 parts that much harder to get now that they have so many cars and still choose to give s6 randomly the likelihood of pulling the one you need without pulling a duplicate is almost impossible
tu vas dans un pmu à paris et tu hurles allez l'om ! ''
tu verras on te donnera des pastèques de maniere très chaleureuse .
hopefully in the next dreadnaught expansion doing some vanguard scout-y stuff .
even if he does n't become hunter vanguard like many of us wanted i need to read the lore on marcus ren i would love to have his character back .
if rick is kidnapped or whatever instead of killed that would indeed be an interesting parallel to rick not knowing morgan 's fate after leaving the walkie-talkie 's range .
however i 'm not so sure morgan is going to make it in time for any of this to matter .
not because of the time because the time skip will take care of that but i 'm just not sure how fear 's season finale will go atm for morgan ... like i 'm pretty sure someone important will die and morgan will lose himself as the title of the episode alludes to .
after that episode we will see ... but for now i really have no idea what 's going to happen with morgan .
here is another thread which i think is important .
considering strangereal 's track record with war most other countries are probably worried about their our neighbours .
there may have been some material support from nordenavick .
sometimes it 's such an uncomfortable feeling i have to pace around or sway back and forth to find relief .
it 's worked wonders for the mixed state i was in though .
design work can be really tricky but do n't give up .
you 've made a decent attempt here and if you take onboard feedback and apply that to improve going forward you 'll do well .
trust me no one gets this stuff right first time and usually there is a lot of tweaking based on feedback from end users
no eddie it 's swedish legends in blackcurrant jam making .
vcv rack is a free modular synthesizer think eurorack with a lively and growing community mainly in the official users group on facebook .
there are many third-party developers who make free modules as well tho there are also premium modules .
you can check out my videos using vcv rack here https www.youtube.com/c/ablaut/videos
there 's nothing even slightly sketchy about the fisa it made it up the chain of command just as it should 've through all of the various judges .
it 's been shown many times at the expense of showing our deepest intelligence secrets to our worst foes that the dossier which is far from disproven was n't the thing that set off the investigation .
there are some legitimate criticisms of rosenstein but this is n't one of them .
it used to happen a fair bit on the bandits in merciless .
it is difficult to have a note taking icon which will stand out from the crowded play market .
we choose the icon as it 's red color seems will stand a chance to stand out from the crowds
it looks like a ebook reader app icon than a note taking app icon .
i really need to give a thought over the app icon look .
they grow back ... seriously ... this is the dumbest analogy to use .
i get what you 're saying but in the past games i rarely used more than two weapons .
i would have been fine if the axe really was the only weapon .
2 minute video that no one watches with a headline that plays a loose with the truth
just make sure you are using a nom-trivial wpa2 key android 's hotspot tool does n't allow wep or wpa anymore in recent versions so that 's not an issue besides running a totally open network .
the only one that can add anything to the quick access bar is onenote 2016 on windows .
the mac version has limited options and onenote uwp has nothing at this time .
how come medicine is hugely more expensive on the us than the rest of the developed world ?
i guess research becomes cheaper when it enters the eu ?
because that shit is quality as well even though now that many us states legalized they seems to have a lot of quality too but i 've never been there so ca n't tell
i just want you to know it gets better .
and remember you and your husband is a team so do n't be afraid to lean on him for support
what are you hoping thanos from fortnite gets in or something ?
statistically the less money you have the more likely you smoke .
when i was in the bishopric three years or so ago we would repeat the rules annually .
in fact the bishop liked to give me that task as the junior counselor .
at that time it was more about reminding people that testimonies are expressions of our faith in jc not opportunities to thank others or offer opinions or travelogue .
i said it in a much nicer way but the idea was to try and frequently correct and keep meetings on track .
the bikepath is probably pumpy as shit like most bikepaths that are right next to trees .
the other cyclist might be going way slower and/or have a more comfortable bike .
not every bike path needs to be officially marked to be good to use
no but every bike path has to be good to use to be marked .
and if its not marked it doesnt have to be used .
how about we just dont harrass each other in traffic no matter what one personally thinks is right or wrong ?
you can also try newly designed ost file exporter software that is fully capable to repair and recover all ost emails without any trouble .
the tool recovers all corrupted emails into pst eml emlx mbox vcf and msg format .
every person easily handles this software without any issue .
you are free to try the demo version of ost file exporter and convert 10 ost files .
the 12 will have a bit more flavour to it and much smoother in mouth feel .
if you have n't had the 12 before go for it !
in the end it turns out misaki is just as if not even more messed up than sato is .
the whole message of welcome to the nhk is that no angel '' is going to come save you everybody has their own problems perhaps even worse than yours though they may be pretending to be ok and that the only person who can set you on the path to fixing your life is you .
you 're still awake and aware that they 're cutting you from side to side
i apparently tried to stop them so much i had to be held down they only kept me awake so i could see my baby be born .
but i fought it on a subconscious level because to my brain it must have seemed like they were trying to kill me .
i kept moving my hands down to the wound and they 'd tell me to stop and i was like i did that ? ''
lucky your legs get paralyzed from an epidural probably would 've been catastrophic if i 'd been able to kick .
change the explanation instead of calling this brand antarctica or the brand may as well be antartica for seo reasons the designer should just change the brand name to polar and everything is okay d sometimes designers need to be sales people too
i 've seen the server numbers get as low as 650 and only got 3 7v7 games .
but if you pull out stuff with funky match making like a valentine ii i 've had it not find a game and return me to the garage .
being honest they are the exact same party split by a treaty that neither cares about anymore and both long since abandoned .
fg obviously by proxy of their inheritance not that they actually existed at the states foundation .
one could make the argument we 've lived under a right wing junta since the foundation of the state with the illusion of democracy in the form of fg and ff .
if you do n't know they 're name they 're still a stranger
you have a duty to your liver to provide it with ample job opportunities
so that new film with the walls and the time things is bad ?
if shipping prices are unreasonable i would tell you to pass .
do n't get me wrong ... colourpop is a great deal good value and an overall great product .
but depending on where you live you can likely find something comparable and save your coin !
i said it before and i 'll say it again .
does n't stand out in any way from any mmo on the market right now .
they 're going to have to step up their game if they want to compete .
i bought the bundle from best buy for 20 .
but you have to make a beat buy account to be able to download the dlcs
gz man i just 6 starred my bastet had her 5 star for over a year i should have done it sooner .
i have no way to audition headphones in person .
and it sells more drinks and that makes more profit .
scan flora and all animals will appear eventually also some of them have strange hours in which they appear planetary hours not real world hours keep in mind one minute on a planet equals one real world second .
i have not ever found an animal in a cave in over 250 hours but keep in mind i 'm a post next player .
this is not actually a legal question but one of your insurance benefits .
these are the keys to the kingdom '' meanwhile ambrose right there ... ..
it 's like she was knocked out by brie .
and that match was a mess riott made an illegal tag since she was n't holding the tagging rope brie watched natalya get pinned .
and i have just witnessed the most impressive and athletic version of the revival .
i 'm not sure how to feel with drake maverick at ringside even with the fact that he 's aop 's manager .
okay why is the 205 live general manager getting involved to cause a distraction ?
will this new series stretch on for as long as the uncle tony saga ?
she was obviously asleep when the photo had to be taken .
at that dungen it spends 28min with that person and 280k fame user .
even 280 fame user was much better than that person 600k fame .
nobody except for me tried to destroy clusters near gap glass door and last one near door just before time machine .
i will write them down to quit to hub next time .
or they just post in their bio that they live in local military base they 're 20 and looking for marriage .
🤣🤣🤣 bitch its not hard to see what you really want that sweet sweet bah
i 'm sure context does n't show it 's completely different .
i 'm very sure you did n't imply trump did it or kavanaugh did it .
they should have been allowed to hang around in the lobby especially if they would have paid for it .
the police could also have taken them to a shelter or to the chinese embassy instead of the street .
so in other words people should have gone out of their way to help these people who reportedly did n't even respond to the hostel staff when they tried to talk to them ?
the hostel obviously do n't want people sleeping in their lobby paying customer or no and that is entirely within their rights .
the police have better things to do than ferry tourists around in the middle of the night .
as for the tv program satire usually means holding your own society and culture to ridicule not espousing your superiority over others
i have n't seen the program but knowing jesper rönndal i 'm sure it was pretty funny .
whatever he said is within his rights as a citizen of a democracy .
and if it has to be said talk about chinese people eating dogs and pooping at the dinner table is pure racism .
the context of the show is tht jesper is explicitly stating stereotypes that both him and his audience know to be false for comedic effect .
and i forgot to add that marlon did trade violet 's girlfriend away which explains why she was so against him .
i do n't think it was necessarily even her being on clem 's side fully but just being blinded by her own disappointment and anger towards someone she was supposed to trust and be friends with .
kendo is indeed already pretty far down the sportification route having a unified ruleset and so on and still kendoka tend to strongly oppose similar ideas of kendo becoming an olympic sport because of all the additional changes that would entail .
olympic judo is often cited as a cautionary example of the purely tournament and viewer-oriented development in budo .
i respect your opinion but i really love bojack horseman .
it tackles a lot of heavy topics and is one of the best representations of mental illness i 've seen on tv .
it can be hard to watch especially when you 're depressed yourself but just because it 's not positive and comedic does n't mean it 's bad .
this is r/funny and the date on that bottle up top says best if used by january 1919 . ''
your comment trying to seriously explain out of date drinks however is not .
what about when they were all on the road and ate actual dog ?
as a native nyc'er that also had to break into the gay community after i came out post college i agree with what you said about nyc .
there are many assholes in our gay community but it 's by virtue of the fact that it 's by far the largest gay community in the country and they really do represent a small proportion .
i also visit philly a lot and you guys are awesome and really friendly .
i actually just booked an airbnb in the gayborhood for when i come run the half marathon in a few months i 'm excited !
did a few shifts on the business side of it got a 15k sale in those shitty £300 laptops software antivirus bags the works for some posh infant school .
hit me targets for 3 months fuckers would n't let me go home .
regularly hit targets and the bastards just made them higher .
late night guests get moved and cancel all the time for many reasons .
for one norm has n't tweeted since sunday so he might just be feeling ill and cancelled himself .
there is no reason for conan to cancel since no one got on the view 's case for not cancelling norm and the twitter outrage died down over a week ago .
looks like it stated with a lane change with no signal followed by not seeing a car overtaking him before attempting the lane change and then overreacting and losing control when he did see him followed by reversing back across the lane in front of an oncoming car .
either this shot is staged or this person is the world 's worst and luckiest driver .
knew a girl who was a very famous model .
she was dating this fucking loser of a dude for a few years .
while he was dating her he met another chick who was as big of a loser as he was .
he was a cop and also worked security so hours were weird .
you could go pick up savage worlds core and the main rifts setting guide and get playing .
not to mention the wankel-decoupling of the torvald isoengine jsscript batch files eugh those give me nightmares just to think about it .
however r/vxjunkies might be able to help us out here
do not move to korea ... this is entirely socially acceptable here as is talking with food in your mouth .
i 'm actually worried because after 6 years i 've gotten used to it ... and so if i go back home i 'm worried that i will start talking with a mouth full of food ...
wow you are seriously delusional if you think that .
go into business yourself brother and see what it 's really like
banks tying you up 6 different ways before lending you the first dollar .
leave a piece of equipment on a jobsite only to have it vandalized do tonnes of paperwork on everything from water usage to tracking and making an employee 's child support payments for them because they default when it 's left up to them .
fill out everything from tax forms to governmental statistics agency surveys to oh s forms insurance policies and legal challenges .
mediate employee squabbles while doing everything you can possibly think of to keep them all safe only to find someone came up with a new way to do something stupidly dangerous .
i work till after dark every night and most weekends .
one of my employees stuck a night shift '' sign above my office door because i 'm there hours after everyone else has left .
i reinvest most of any monies back into the business because there 's always something that needs replacing or upgrading or an employee who needs a payday advance .
i 've borrowed large sums from family to meet cashflow crunches faced by a seasonal business paid interest to them and the banks gone without pay myself in order to meet a tight payroll but according to keyboard socialists like yourself i 'm 'lazy ' and have had it all 'handed to my by definition ' .
all i can say if it 's that easy become a business owner yourself .
and just to be extra sure when you say flaslight in your hand you are referring to one of your hand slots i.e. in play and not in your hand of cards right ?
big daddy donny taking a mouthful of novichok after big vlads done rinsing the cum of him anyway so do n't know what you 're harping on about .
level headed people will never listen to your shit now back to your cave you fat virgin .
when i was baptised i had to go under three times .
each time i resurfaced i felt like my airways had closed off and i was gasping like a goldfish on land .
the only time the x-values will change is when you 're changing the argument '' of the function which you may do with trigonometric functions later .
who asks such a basic question ... '' someone who 's only painting guide is from 5 years ago and wants to know if it was changed or not .
now my question to you how is my response to his comment in any way shape or form a blast of shit '' ?
all i did was state that he seems to have assumed that i was confused about which color was which and then i stated that i was not confused .
if that to you is truly a blast of shit '' then i envy your life where no one has ever been toxic to you .
fyi this is also not intended to be a blast of shit but a commendation of you having never encountered any attitude that is truly toxic .
but rogue has vilespine and sap and is one of the worst control classes in the game .
if assassinate was a paladin card or something then it 's entirely possible it 'd see play .
yooo same bro i got a new phone on sunday
