anything with 'star wars ' in the title would probably do it .
i am op you have to comment on your post to request a flair by posting a letter but there is nothing for bugs .
s for is the closest one i could figure .
i think the more important question is why the fuck did he turn that car into a 5 whore ?
i just pay attention to which plastics i throw in which seasons .
just make sure they 're not being mashed by other stuff while they 're sitting there and they 'll be fine .
just the name is destined for a dude throwing hits .
after reading this i am scared shitless to go to spain
é ... ele pode ter saído do armário mas alguém ainda está preso dentro de uma cela .
desculpe alguém tinha que fazer essa já posso dormir em paz .
yeah this is why i am second guessing myself if i should really try for an application with the security or not .
hate him as much as next guy but total reputation call fairly clear shoulder hit in reolay .
i can take a little over half of him after a warm up with another toy .
i 'm hoping s stan can do the same without the need for warm up
one with a song little talks by of monsters and men and a tv show monster warriors
there is n't a scenario in existence where a white guy drops an n bomb on a black guy during an argument gets his ass beat for it and then gets an outpouring of support from people calling him a victim and calling for the black guy to be fired from his unrelated job .
do n't have enough heart to drop him and no one wants him in a trade
i ca n't tell from your post but is the 960 just slotted in the mobo ?
if so you 'd also need to plug the power cables into it as well and if they are plugged in and it 's still not working then maybe your psu is n't powerful enough .
i went down down down and the flames went higher .
and it burns burns burns the wall of fire ...
i vote pussy but there 's also your legs or tummy just reveling the top of your mound too !
why even have a lan event without having the materials for it ?
oh boy a puck buff which is so meaninglessly small again .
i will do this and i will update you on the results !
1 i liked the supports in previous games because they show more about your units in rd they were just generic one liners .
i got it free from ps plus and i do n't think it 's worth 15 tbh
push my head on it with your both hands until the thing is entirely inside my throat and i choke .
because i made a comment about what my kid and her boyfriend do ?
i do n't give my passwords out but i sure do appreciate your fucking assumption ! !
hey who 's that loser staring at us in the corner ?
there 's probably a whole underworld out there with its own society rules and traditions that we will never know about .
you are living on earth but not with it .
this could be related to the day 1 update w possibly new modes .
but i doubt that would excite anyone not already planning on getting the game already soo my bet is on dlc
garrett richards who ca n't even stay on the field long enough to actually pitch just got 2/15 .
would definitely enjoy spending the night in with you !
as a union man i ca n't help but somewhat agree
how bout u go an fuck off my page u peice of shit u think i need a prediction like u telling me about kos and gogoplatas who the fuck are u take your worthless guessing and get the fuck out of here
because larry scott should have been fired ages ago .
why do people keep asking questions that have that answer ?
currently we have 2 monitors with proper hdr support so far .
lg 32ud99 well not exactly proper but supports the wide color gamut
and the whole gamut of lower input-lag tvs like vizio 2018 p-series .
a lot of times when artists have electronics various amounts of parts in their songs it 's not possible for one drummer to play all of it .
they 'll have one drummer playing groove while the other plays parts/effects percussion .
that totally makes sense and is not mysterious to me .
the beef and feel of two drummers combining parts for extra punch and splitting them to cover different subdivisions ... ect
although i still wonder about the doubling of the kick drum .
for some reason i ca n't imagine that sounding better than just one .
yeah but do n't they both cause anxiety and depression during withdrawal ?
if you can find his latest work prologue '' 2015 check it out it 's amazing and a bit nsfw .
it 's zoomed panned and has a crusty overlay .
i found a link on vimeo a while ago but ca n't find it now .
ae is usually a good starting place because it is the most cost effective for a cc license .
oh and i 'm just playin ladies you know i love you ''
they just say he hasnt had any incidents since .
then he said saying america calling putin bad is the pot calling the kettle black .
needed help because i donot know how to move on but everyone suggest me forget the past move forward but no one understand how difficult it is .
not exactly on the ware hype train but i like ware 's match up better than i do breida 's .
any solution will fail eventually your recovery time you can minimize with backup cards and backup configs though .
but a usb drive might work better from a reputable brand .
i 've been running a server with a boot usb for the os for 6 years and it has n't had any issues
eh this is the french who are fine to let you know when they have had enough even trashing their own shit to prove it .
they take protesting and rioting seriously but the police are almost always able to shit things down asap .
i could n't believe the efficiency and idgaf attitude of the police when they shut down rioters in paris when i was there .
they are not like other europeans who get really angry when they have been pushed too far for too long .
so this might be just letting off a bunch of steam because protests getting this out of hand compared to what the police crack down on is probably not as common .
i did n't say it was better i said it was a rival .
for most this equates to about 35-50 more time in their day every day .
although the premise is that you never feel tired not that you get the full effects of resting .
so whatever maintenance your body and mind do when you 're sleeping still are n't happening which is likely to be pretty bad .
for me personally i sleep maybe 1/2 or 1/3 days as it is .
given that it 's probably less beneficial for me than it would be on average .
but i 'm always tired as a result and getting to not feel that way for a bit is pretty tempting .
i think mystery and fe1 encouraged ironman and their remakes but later games do n't entirely encourage iron man runs the same way .
you lose story/other characters by losing a character in gba fe .
por had some cut scene changes but again lose story and such .
is has definitely moved away from ironman but i do n't know if fe ironman has been super good outside of archeana .
i do n't think awakenings change necessarily increase strategic but roleplaying/customization .
you can do more with a character and can create super kids with grinding and just overpower maps .
fe3 you ca n't overpower the enemies to the same degree but have to use tools at disposal .
on that note the kids are optimal from an rpg perspective of min-max but unoptimal from a strategic perspective except a few and in post-content .
ymmv personally i really like awakening but its worth noting why both story and game play has been splitting the fanbase during the 3ds era .
or people learned how to play tetris better and had to relearn it .
i love that in the same room there is a 3 gun projector and a touch panel .
whomever spent real money to do this.. should not have .
really cause it does n't seem like you are willing to forgive .
no one owes you an apology for who they voted for .
it was a very flat and glycogen depleted 170 .
i went down from 220 to 170 so i was in a deficit for quite a while lost a decent amount of muscle and strength .
currently i 've got it all back at a much lower body fat .
some of the highs sounded like the scream from that job for a cowboy song .
my question is about feats that require information about the location used
you 'll need to fix it since you decided to store it in the attic where obviously the temperature changes ruin the glue.
press and hold the xbox button on ur console for ten seconds and turn it on again after that
sure but can they occupy a territory populated 90 by people who are utterly hostile to serbia ?
how is a territory where 90 of the people are albanians rightful serbian land ?
lmao idk why i find hot lettuce '' so hilarious but i ca n't stop laughing at it
do n't let their fluffy appearance deceive you they are waiting to feast on your corpse should you die .
oh boy you 've played the realism '' card .
it 's gameplay balancing so that it 's fun not hyper realistic !
it 's not fun to have a good setup ruined by a tiny bump that flips your car and blows up in 2-3 rolls !
or to crash into a 6 '' lip of grass and nearly die when you were not going at near top speeds .
again if i crash a bike at over 80km/hr head on into a rock fine kill me .
but a dacia going 60 should n't nearly blow up and take 3/4 off my health .
it 's just not fun and that 's the only thing that matters .
i got to drive a very good sports car .
i ca n't drive for medical reasons so driving that was great .
did it on an airstrip and for a very short time .
you did n't read the part one week after they started getting serious or the fact that they both agreed she cheated ?
if there was n't a moral implication to op 's gf 's actions she would n't have n't been harbouring guilt .
again they both agreed she cheated and op is looking for advice on handling the infidelity and going forward in the relationship .
just made my vesa 10 for the first time yesterday as well .
exempt for the fact that amber rudd remain and michael gove leave and a hand full of labour mps have both said they back efta if mays current deal is voted down which it will .
also people have been writing about the norway option since atleast march on places like capx a way out of this brexit mess https capx.co/a-way-out-of-this-brexit-mess
secondly efta/eea involves being party to the four freedoms which means free movement of people .
leave would not have won the referendum had it not been for decades of fear mongering about freedom of movemen
when polled this was actually second to parliamentary sovereignty .
not that this matters as it 's more about whats a feasible brexit that gives the uk back it 's legislative power which efta due to article 30 does .
it 's hard enough to deal with this stuff it 's harder when your partner is not there for you .
i thought maybe she just need space and i 'm hurt too .
so let 's just not talk for a bit .
your spelling hints are really shitty because they 're all essentially remember the fucking spelling of the fucking word '' .
next time and with another year of growth i bet he does much better .
drive it into the ground the mkv 's most natural habitat
i am mobile could you look up my first sunset one of these under my user name i put a few fairly long instructions on how i did it in there .
happy to answer any questions after that if you have them .
pdt gets crowded and you 'll probably wait a while if you just try to walk in .
i have played all three of those and if you do n't want to do s s right now get timespinners instead .
that is a very fun game and i liked it a lot more than death 's gambit .
however i played dg when it first came out and have n't played it again since they 've improved it .
what makes you think it wo n't just be a repeat of every single thing dragon ball has ever done ?
as akari waited for jason 's response she would see the police officer walk up with beer and cups as he placed them down and made his way toward her .
she would hear him ask to join the game .
we just started a game of strips and solids it wo n't be long unless my rusty skills get the best of me hehe
if it does happen it probably means that leena and the management were n't talking about dd earlier but now the situation changed and they decided to pull the trigger .
but i did about everything there while being in ops '' .
the only place i did n't work was mobile .
you can talk to any if the older cs people geek squad or most leads and managers most of them still know me .
even some people out on the floor but when i visit it seems like almost everyone is new there .
dj moore i think he is lined up to get more volume against a terrible secondary than reynolds will in a game the rams should win handily .
why would i want to make them and waste slots ... ?
we 're getting the chapter on the 8th no ?
for all the church has done good or ill we must not forget the ill .
these guys below were the real armenian ogs who were more christian in practice than the church that sided with other parties to betray their own people .
and still today if you learn about the tondrakians in church study or armenian school programs you see how vile and unfair they paint them calling them traitors and the like .
i was at the train station in amsterdam just waiting for my mom and sister to come back from the bathroom .
i was leaning against a wall and i noticed a half eaten candy bar on the ledge of the pillar about 15 feet from me .
jump forward a few minutes and some guy walks up to throw something away there was a garbage can beneath the ledge he rides himself of his trash then sees the candy bar .
this dude did n't even think twice he grabbed this candy bar ripped the wrapper off and shoves the candy bar in his mouth .
he then throws the wrapper away and just speed walks away .
i 'm not sure what would prompt someone to eat someone else 's opened candy bar but i do know weed is legal in amsterdam .
fairly cheap and they will fix it for free for life .
i have a pair of all black air force ones that are pretty much waterproof .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
that said at least it was n't a steep increase .
i think we all know what happens when they do that and give miniscule reward .
i would most certainly not do it for many reasons .
one if i 'm capable of this then i 'd assume most people are so companies would take advantage of that and soon before you know it a 36 hour shift is common place.. fuck that .
also i need a break from the world and that 's what sleep is for if i 'm awake all the time i 'm going to be busy all the time and so will everyone else and i hate that .
maybe allow it only for the subscribers as for more than a couple of days ?
lol what rights did a corp rob you of ?
mais on s'est parlé par textos et pas vraiment parler en voix de vive voix donc je n'**ai pas beaucoup d'expérience orale à l'oral .
après elle ensuite j'ai pris quelques cours au fac en français en fac de français mais je sais pas s'ils m'ont aidés puisque ils étaient plus centré vers l'\*\*écriture .
il répondait on m'a répondu en anglais vu que ma question était trop mauvais mal formulée
so.. if you were proficient in performance would it kind of make separate proficiencies with instruments redundant ?
barring circumstances where for some reason performance was n't applicable .
charisma is the default for performance checks is it the usual ability for music if you 're relying on your proficiency with the instrument rather than the performance skill ?
i could understand it being dex instead or possibly even wis .
just got a human caravan did n't do anything different .
i have migrants turned off 200 pop and get raided nearly twice a year by goblins .
the caravan that got through was only 1 wagon with only 2 pages of goods nearly all food only .
not sure whats going on but glad one finally got through !
i was thinking that with the tins i was guaranteed to get corpses/meat .
or at least one corpse my wish for three tins granted only one tin one of the two times i wished .
i am a bot so please do n't reply here .
all kidding aside i 'd love to see them win one and i think everybody is sick of alabama .
dude i dont know what to tell you if you get so confused about people posting on the internet ... you really shouldnt read everything as a fact .
to make it fair he should have used his teeth ... or instead raised it in a little box and let someone else kill it like a civilized person .
that angle from behind the goal literally takes a fucking left turn
in a pug i would expect a lot of need rolls on an epic that they did n't actually need it only ever happened once in my time and i remember passing on it as it was n't an item meant for my class some axe iirc i played warlock but as soon as i started playing almost exclusively with guild mates we supported each other rather than tried to make money for ourselves so if an item that someone needed they got it or the people who actually needed it rolled for it .
i think i hit my bingo for the day on i love fo76 so much because x quest and it is n't even 4am
they did n't but you are invincible within your camp and shops .
without a big spoiler may i ask whether touma will regain his memory or not and whether it will happen in this series or new testament ?
lmao i remember being so excited when i could put q-tips through my ears .
i can almost fit my pinky tip through my ear little over 00g and it 's so fun to play with but my ear gets angry
i wear 24/7 and mostly wear medical diapers because abdl ones are too expensive .
plus i get more in a case when i buy medical diapers .
sad pathetic idiots that think their dear leader posts on 4chan while living in their mothers basement .
if he 's an olympian someone needs to update his wikipedia article because the word olympic olympics and olympian are no where to be found .
his wikipedia article said he won an us open championship in 1991 before the sport became popular which means the talent pool is much smaller kinda like with rhonda rousey people going on about her being the best athlete alive how she can beat flloyd mayweather in a fight but once rhonda fought someone that was not a tomato can she lost and got her ass kicked and the second time she fought someone that was not a tomato can she again got her ass kicked and lost .
has joe won any tournaments within the last 10 years against men his age ?
or at least what will be left of it .
something about bullshitting people into buying things i did n't make have me feeling weird .
i wan na paint a dot on a canvas and make someone buy it
had the unnatural and i returned them after a week .
not weight wise but because from the restricted movement .
for royals they are impossible and i couldnt get low or squat at all .
they are stiff to a point that i call it manufacture defect .
also backtoblading review mentioned this wont change with time so its a nobrainer .
a fine example of something that 's 100x better in video form https youtu.be/ugsab2ojz6a .
so trains coming from the north will terminate at moorgate and you can get to bank by going to liverpool st on the met/circle and then the central line or just stay on the circle to monument .
if you want borough you 'd better like buses .
e c and london bridge you can get a thameslink from king 's cross st pancras .
i just wanted to add that hadrosaurs seem to have relatively little adaptions for self-defence compared to ceratopsians and sauropods and other contemporaries like ankylosaurs and pachycephalosaurs .
they probably more or less just ran away and while neither carcharodontosaurids nor tyrannosaurids were great sprinters the adults at least an injured cornered or surprised hadrosaur would probably have been an easy meal for both .
the cheetah niche '' small agile and fast was probably filled with the juveniles of the big predators which were much more gracile and fast than the adults .
this niche differentiation was possible due to the great size difference between hatchlings and adults as well as their great number .
for smaller prey like juvenile hadrosaurs dromaeosaurids have to be in the picture too although the frequently depicted pack attack on adult hadrosaurs is somewhat unlikely .
it reminds me of crayons and i absolutely love it !
although airsoft is markedly cheaper than other shooting sports it 's still an expensive hobby .
site fees vary greatly but will typically exceed 25 for a day 's play .
it is reasonably common to spend in excess of 400 buying upgrading and accessorising a single airsoft gun .
it is possible to play airsoft very successfully with just basic equipment but even the cheapest possible equipment required to play airsoft safely will still cost you a minimum of 100 .
if you want a competitive advantage or to play more advanced simulation games you should expect significant additional expenditure .
it is common for users to approach r/airsoft with unrealistically low budgets .
if you have less than 100 to spend you are not realistically in a position to play airsoft .
we will not compromise your safety by recommending you skimp on personal protective equipment .
we refuse to recommend low power electric guns 'lpegs ' spring pistols and other ultra-low-budget airsoft guns because their performance is so poor and their life expectancy so short that they represent a false economy .
you may still be able to afford to rent gear at an organised airsoft site but not for more than a handful of games at most .
if you have n't already reply '**airsoftbot how do i start ' .
in the faq at the bottom of that reply is a series of steps that will guide you further .
i can easily find airsoft guns that cost less than 100 .
in airsoft as in most aspects of life there is a minimum price below which a product can not be made fit for purpose .
it is possible to buy something approximately gun-shaped for less than 100 .
do not confuse this with the ability to buy a gun that will be sufficiently powerful reliable and long-lived enough to play airsoft with .
lpegs spring pistols and ultra-low-budget airsoft guns are utterly inadequate for airsoft play and will break rapidly at which point you will be back to having no gun and will also have lost whatever you spent .
in addition you still need to buy suitable personal protective equipment 'ppe ' which is an absolute prerequisite of play and not free .
their slow drying time makes them more suitable for brushing as they level out over time but it 's also little inconvenient to have to wait for up to a week for them to cure this depends a lot on what climate you live in and thickness of the coat of paint .
acrylics on the other hands are nearly odourless and dry very quickly touch dry within seconds cured in 24 hours at most .
they can be thinned with ipa x-20a tamiya 's thinner or lacquer thinner for best result .
they can be brushed but it 's not trivial as you have to do several thin layers to achieve even surface .
if you want to give an acrylic paint a shot but only ever brush paint give vallejo a try .
basically for brushing enamels have at least something they can offer since they level out nicely and give pretty strong shell once cured .
but they do n't have any advantages in airbrushing as the paint there is levelled by default and the smell is undesirable .
and since most enthusiast modellers have an airbrush they tend to use tamiya acrylics or mr.color lacquers .
88 is racist fuckwits attempting to hide the fact they are raceist fuckwits .
to be fair though the management and ownership of the org has changed drastically recently so they might be significantly better in that regard this coming year .
to be honest quantum caps duplication rates for vr items was already very low so doubt anyone would even notice a thing my concern though is around vrla 's .
are they going to be hackable now or it the current stock all that will ever be left ?
i for one as an old school die hard territorial over obsessed ultra hardcore agent with stacks of vr items actually applaud niantic 's attempts to rebalance the game so that new players are n't immediately over-whelmed with over-powered opponents .
sure it will probably need to be readjusted in the future again but a balance will be achieved .
the only way to grow the game is to get new players and new players wo n't last long if they can barely cap a portal before it 's blasted to hell and beyond recapped with very rare aegis shields and becomes impossible to reclaim because the enemy has caps of lawsons .
i know that 's how it works because that 's exactly how i play and find myself bored with very little res activity in my area .
would be great if new players could start up and i can finally recurse .
sure you can take offence if you 're searching for something to be offensive but i say let 's give it a chance .
as long as weapons and very rare shields are not sold in the store i 'm happy to work with niantic on improving the game including prime .
best remedy is to lie down properly with the correct position
be old player thinking about getting back into the game
ah now i remember why i quit this game .
i 'll never look at pancakes syrup the same way again
if i remember well adolf hitler and anne frank were there too
he was a decent man because he told the truth ok i like people who do n't tell the truth
thing is if you remove dm you have a flying roadhog .
i dont understand next door hatred with saudi money .
considering the fact that money is money and if my business is offered millions then you can be damn sure i am taking it .
you ca n't get anything with 10 in artifact because it cost 20 to start the game .
with 30 you can get a low budget deck in hs and within a few weeks of play you would be able to upgrade it to a meta piece by piece without paying any more .
in artifact you are n't getting as good value for your buck because your money is just a flat fee it wo n't increase in value over time .
i 've heard this from a number of people at both clubs .
becky not facing ronda at mania maybe rumble so she retains at tlc
in order to effectively signal you will make a turn you have to turn on the signal before making the turn .
i 'm not asian but if you want a cheap healthy alternative to white rice its brown rice .
brown rice is better for you than white rice .
i ca n't calculate that ima just say i 'm wrong xd
does n't mean i do n't get pissed when i see and hear sneaked '' and my personal pet peeve costed . ''
we do n't need to double down on this !
if tsm signs dardoch i 'm officially done with them and donating all my tsm clothes/gear to charity and/or goodwill .
i love using rapport and having the enemies fight each other .
also makes the cathedral knights very easy to take care of .
the most boring chargers game i can think of was played last year when they went and faced the jets .
the chargers won 14-7 and both teams punted 9 times .
it was a complete shitshow and i was happier that it was over moreso than that the chargers even won the game .
i need to be able to buy and keep this material somewhere .
i hope that it does n't just vanish because it was produced by a streaming service because it was so good .
i hope everyone is safe in the stores and at home .
yeah 20 years after he leaves office all the violence and backwardness of the me is the fault of bush .
they bear zero responsibility for their own fates and we bear all of the responsibility for our mistakes as well as theirs ?
i 'm in the middle of an account recovery myself .
it took a few days of going back and forth getting them every thing they wanted but they finally accepted it all and said they would notify me of when the recovery was complete .
i can tell you that you need to get them everything they want and it has to be the right way .
for instance they asked for images of purchases showing the transaction id and the date of the purchases .
i took a picture that was an overview of the dates of purchases and included then typed up the dates and transaction ids .
they told me they could n't accept that and had to have to the id and date of purchase together in the image .
i had to do them all individually and when insent it in that time they finally accepted it and we moved to the next step of the process .
i would n't expect you to give me a motherlode but you ca n't even throw me a rosebud or kaching ?
so what do i do if those 6 a ?
squeeze firmly but relaxed and hold for a few seconds or until they 're done talking or after the hi !
if it 's a quick hug then shoulder bump and hug with one arm .
r/20somethings was the one being worked on a little while ago
i use that one alot to support the main players and then rush squeaky to plant in the smoke while they take a controll
he stopped an attempt to revive the fcc fairness doctrine in 1991 which paved the way for fox news and their ilk .
i 'm by no means glad but i 'm certainly not sad .
after that what else would you really use it for ?
your pcs will not notice the finely carved stone wall containing the answer to your riddle to unlock the secret tomb they will murder every goblin within a square kilometer looking for a key or get stuck in a tavern fight for 3 sessions .
say yes have fun and build your next session on their actions .
do n't voice act if you are n't comfortable with it .
people get in this weird headspace that its required but it 's better to be understood clearly than hacking through a poor welsh accent .
that 's all the talent you need in 2018 tbh
also your opinion is bad and you should feel bad
i do not but i just heard that is how it works on 2shot shotguns and wanted to help you out but i might be wrong but it was a good source .
no there not unless something happens as in it 's not the goal but if it happens which it did in gta online at one point in beta then they will start everyone over with compensation .
but this beta did way better then gta so i do n't se that happening
there 's no evidence that his source material is of any relevance to law enforcement and that 's where this case stands .
the source a known terrorist is also already dead .
problem is they wont play without me i can put the 2 in duel and spectate i guess
sorry your recent post https redd.it/a20lt3 still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
nikiya did n't take a step back because of iron 's comment .
he took a step back because of his sick kid .
nikiya confirmed that on his interview on norbs podcast .
it would be pretty strange if he did n't have some blame in this trainwreck .
i 'm only 7 years older than him but feel like i could be his mom .
luke perry is my lifelong love though so when he 's on screen he 's all i can see !
fka twigs i 'm your doll https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nru94htfnay
i do n't think you can get any worse of a response .
you can always try the cache one though and change your dns .
i do n't want to self-mill one into the gy .
run archeomancer ad mnemonic wall to recur them and they are n't dead cards .
add in riftsweeper if you are worried about having them exiled as well
why even have the event start when the day is more than half over ?
it makes literally no sense outside the offices of niantic
it 's the most funded sport at the school for them to win 4 maybe 5 games a year .
and they cut the track team to make room for it no i 'm not bitter about it at all .
i want to slide my cock into your beautiful wet pussy .
this is an old science people just have n't been paying attention recently .
that 's okay bud i 'm sure if you can warm up to the group it 'll be fine .
i have introverted friends who use my embarrassing experiences as a pedestal to socialize and sure i 'm happy that they can socialize but why at my expense ?
i see from your flair you 're in northern new mexico .
any good riding within a few hours of raton ?
have a dr650 but would be down for anything .
something sandy would be dope as there is n't much of that around here .
do n't see many knuckledraggers in my day to day .
it 's an act of abuse but not continual abuse sure .
did n't they just move next door to a bigger spot in the same elm location ?
was there an older spot in a different location ?
for perk purposes it is a big gun not an automatic rifle or automatic pistol .
that is because they idolize that kind of person .
if they had never called him out we would not have had that second out of bounds call .
we had that terrible positioning for the inbound after their shitty call .
we 'll know who wrote it because they 'll be fired tomorrow for being too nice to a hillary voter
bruno possessed his own corpse because that 's just the kind of badass he is .
i think spurs culture is fixated on winning now .
i doubt we will tank 76ers style especially with pops on his last few years .
we have some ugly contracts pau and patty and an old roster imo .
i 'm sure we will be mediocre until pop leaves then the fo may feel more comfortable with a rebuild .
i 'm pretty sure we do n't want to waste his last few years tanking .
as someone with narcolepsy who 's body would let him sleep 24/7 if i did n't fight it ... hell fucking yes i would take that deal in a heartbeat .
no slippery slope fallacy — why not have a small part of the internet verified ?
literally nothing changes on the rest of the internet but if you want a verified space you have one .
i 'm not saying i necessarily even want it for anything .
but i think sometimes people can get extremely libertarian as a reflex when it comes to the internet ignoring the benefits of some structure again assuming the vast majority is still completely open/free/unverified .
a bit of both first i google what i want to do if anyone has done it before i use their code and try to understand it and then if in a future project i need this kind of code again i use back my old code as an inspiration after a while you can do it from your head without looking at google .
also use the official documentation they are really helpful .
programming is like learning a new language you first need to copy others and then you can speak with ease
at least they 're making an effort to save them instead of killing all of them after they get what they need
my highest was 7 i think but 99.9 of the time like others have posted it 's a wyrmprint and that breaks my heart .
i do n't know why this post irritated me so much .
my gut says no yet the light stays on whereas it goes off with cruise control .
the galaxy lived in peace for a thousand years before the system was undermined and destroyed by the very man who created the empire .
non-humans were especially badly treated under the empire but that 's not something one tends to think about since the focus is generally on human characters .
nah dog i 'm gon na have to disagree with you on this one .
is n't hfm way more railroaded though is hpm any good ?
i for one look forward to cheering for the charlotte or san antonio rays in 2021 .
how people manage to generate this kind of improvisation is mind boggling to me .
do you happen to be between the ages of 15-25 25-30 or 30 ?
she hit him he pushed someone into her and foot shoved her .
if you 're into tiki go to pacific seas !
i see how it can get bro-y but it 's not that bad .
the drinks are great and the bar is a lot of fun .
they have a dress code but i do n't know why .
i 've seen people in shorts and hoodies in there even though it 's against the dress code .
that 's my biggest pet peeve about that place .
redwood bar is cool but that place gets super club like and i 'm not into that .
i have become numb to the pain of games like this over the past 2 years .
i 've rented a few times but ready to buy .
rainbow is definitely not worth it its better to get another unit .
top right or bottom left adds very little so unless u really like the rainbow star then its really not the best decision
i 'll keep my leather and have an alt or friend make cheap green gear to de .
he can probably spell fucking though so there 's that .
is it that hard just to not watch him ?
i 'm really thinking in r5 ghost rider who is my favorite champion .
he is my bg boss and he kills at least 3 every war .
his damage is good and he has utility for days but i really need those t2a .
for those of you wondering about why he used the bar he did this is the first step to diy ez bar for preacher curls .
hideouts are n't too bad but obviously you have to stumble upon them .
challenges however can be quite good for xp and not all of them are extremely time consuming .
selling 100 herbs to a doctor is easy herbs seem more prevalent than in sp and you can repeat the challenge when completed which also gives you 0.05 gold .
shooting a bird from the sky with an arrow is easy with deadeye too .
hunting also brings an okay xp gain alongside building your challenge progress .
killing animals and flying birds which counts both obviously increases as you hunt and you earn small xp for the kills .
hunting gives you animal parts which is another challenge .
and then selling the parts to the butcher is a challenge too .
you can earn good money from hunting and gathering herbs and earn a few big chunks of xp from completing the tiers of challenges too .
it might not be the fastest xp gain but it 's a fairly efficient use of time .
we outscored y'all every quarter but the 4th last time .
i tried explaining it to a woman at work .
i even had her use it in front of me multiple times .
i actually tried showing her a bunch of cool short cuts and she remembered none of them .
negotiations have gone exactly how i imagined and how many people predicted .
while the eu still thinks it can reverse the result of the referendum i agree there will be no serious negotiation from the eu its in there interest to offer as terrible and one sided agreement as possible in the hope that the uk wo n't have the stomach for no-deal and will instead hold a second referendum .
the eu has 100 success rate reversing referendums that do n't go there way they know what there doing .
the eu is never going to agree to any kind of deal that lets the uk leave the eu in any meaningful way or gives them less leverage over the uk .
if the uk wants to leave the eu its going to have to go the no-deal route because its the only way to leave that ca n't be blocked or have addition conditions added to it by the eu .
yanis varoufakis the greek minster who lead the negotiations with the eu during the greek crisis predicted all of this before leave even won the refrendum .
bt were having a moan at mourinho sitting down did n't even need to get up
but that 's also what makes it silly when people say he has no punching power .
he 's an enormous professional boxer and quick for size .
you 're gon na feel it when he hits you .
plot twist the boyfriend created the account to let people know how big his dingus is
not to be dismissive or facetious but seriously just ask what you can do to help .
some times a call once a week and the house cleaner is a great idea a friend did that for me when i had my first mastectomy and it was so helpful .
while restaurant cards might be pointless what about meal delivery boxes with all that 's needed for a good healthy meal ?
that is so helpful to not have to plan/shop/do .
it takes a load off to have it all there ready to chop/cook and eat .
defrosting and reheating can be hard to take at times .
sometimes it 's good to have a purpose and cooking is something she might find good to do .
also some easy to read books or some dvds might be good .
i found that when i was on medications my limit for reading was about 7 minutes .
sometimes it 's often just knowing that you care that helps .
everyone on carl edwards team left after they promoted daniel .
how is trash football in prime time a good thing ?
that 's literally every public speaking saudi for the past 30 years .
i think they do it so we ca n't stay mad at them for all the messes they get into ...
either to pimp a butterfly or good kid m.a.a.d .
i will forever go to every edm festival i can .
oh boy i 'd better head over to f b.com/house of comedy and jokes
guys i typed it in my browser why is n't it working ?
when i was first venturing into vr it was cardboard vr .
he said why waste money on a phone holder .
just hold the phone close to your face and it will do the same thing .
he has since tried my rift and was blown away .
it took a lot of effort to get him to try it .
he was once around mine and i had to pursuade him to just try it .
he had no intention even though my gear was in same room and i 've been banging on about it for months .
but once he was in he could n't leave .
what he thought was 20 mins of fun was actually 2 hours straight .
he was then forced to leave as it was getting late .
before he left he said 'man i wished i 'd come much earlier so i could 've played a lot more ' .
he then later messaged me that night to say he bought a rift .
he was n't even interested when he was at mine .
how much changed by just briefly stepping into the rift .
so pumped when i saw the snap story and then this !
it works like this you have a 3 year contract with 1 year plus if you agree to it ... board and player have both to agree
another winner last night making that two in a row .
furman is on a tear and is very underrated after defeating nova and loyola on the road .
w carolina is not good to say the least .
great now that song is stuck in my head .
i initiated with the fact that i disagree and then wondered what one cop getting jailed has to do with all cops getting shit .
edit if you 'd provide something substantial that had any sort of backing maybe you 'd get better responses .
i have one but it 's basically empty already long to grind in 1 server wo n't start in a new one .
a big part of maturing for anyone is to realize that the other members of the world do n't owe constant valdation support agreement .
they can have other opinions even on things important to you and even let you know it .
and this is fine i mean unless it is degrading.
you are too needy to handle a big city '' nasty.
i think you 'll hate a big city '' fine so what ?
and as people mature they realize they are n't snowflakes and the contradictory opinions of others are n't heat guns .
regardless of how your nmom will react if you do n't follow her lead she had n't transgressed yet by your description and do n't loose the wisdom whether it was intentional wisdom or an attempt at manipulation is irrelevant here .
visit all potential schools ... or at least a few that represent different environments .
and go where you prefer after gaining some actual evidence and experience .
if you end up actually agreeing with nmom do n't decide out of stubborness and refuse to take that option .
you 'd be better off to go with your actual choice and limit your exposure to i told you so ''
except what he actually said was that it was n't worth a bucket of warm piss '' .
it was changed to spit '' so it could be reported in the press ...
we lose a lot of offensive firepower and yall gain a great coach .
a friend of mine with a weird filter on his face .
ignore the things that say have purchased right by their names that was just so i could keep track of what you 're saving
it 's so weird seeing that ground texture without tessellation now .
is that south carolina akron game a make up game ?
i prefer her do it better '' theme but her current one is still good .
how is inclusion in school a pro-gypsy '' policy ?
oh your 16 and have a nice old classic man these days thats a rarity i remember back in my day people had classics cause they were cheap but now they cost a ton especially a 53 f100 good luck to ya hope this thing gets going real soon
it was my first time doing the mission too through quick select mission
try lubed skies in 62gr and browns will feel linear .
mx clears care often modeed with lighter and i believe will feel similar to skies
i was asking for help from a person at a college once .
she would have had at least a bachelors right ?
like i was just ending her life for asking her to do her job which was to find and print the information i needed for some tuition assistance from my job .
after a few minutes of sitting across from her at her desk i realized what she was doing .
she was scrolling through an excel sheet containing all the tuition info for every student at the college .
it was a small private college so lucky for her it was only 700 students .
still she had to scroll her way to my last name which is in the last quarter of the alphabet .
she literally knew nothing about excel how to ctrl+f or even how to re-sort the names bottom to top so she could at least scroll to me faster .
i mean i would have set the sheet up about a hundred different ways other than just having a blob of info on a page that you had to sort through anyway .
so after she found my shit and printed it out i said you know i did n't realize what you were doing up until the end there not true but do you know about ctrl+f ? ''
her response you could n't have told me this earlier ? ''
how about if you just know how to do your job ? ?
anyway i went back into the office a few weeks later since i needed another form and the person at the main desk said oh yes i know you you 're the person who told xxxx about ctrl+f that 's been a life saver thank you ! ''
you people teach for a living nobody can take a freaking excel class ?
what really pissed me off was after i graduated i applied for a job in that same office and did n't get it .
i 'm probably lucky but man they need serious help .
does anyone else have a problem with giving a shit about anything else that happens at this point ?
i do n't care about any of the championships and i do n't care about the playoffs .
maybe that does n't make me a very good college football fan but in recent years i just do n't give a fuck about anyone that does n't have a t on their helmet .
or put your feet on something to keep your legs elevated we are supposed to be in a squatting position with passing bowel movements .
also imagine how much poop is in that guy 's pants right now after coming that close to instant death .
cause i guarantee those comments are not rational in any sense .
and speaking of cheese i just had a dominos 06 cheese pizza delivered .
in the end i had three pieces of the pizza no 02 and one half the cat sat on my half slice when i answered the 'phone !
does the commission decide or does the sanctioning body have rules on it based on weight class ?
when you 've lost eleven hours we can start talking glitch territory .
i just reread an insane story where friends lost an entire day and it 's an amazing story i recently reposted it .
hunter card 5 mana 3/2 beast battlecry summon two 1/1 lynx with rush
that 's it if i ever have a son i 'm naming him chad .
neoliberalism does n't have a very good definition but it typically refers to a political agenda of deregulation privatization so on .
the distinction between ordoliberalism neoliberalism libertarianism neoliberalism classical liberalism neoliberalism has broken down over time .
they 're run just about the same in debate answered the same
idk on average though you can get 4-6 wrong and still get an 800
no really do n't they have like super good public transportation ?
i mean i have been to many parts in france and not taking into consideration those days where trains are n't running for a stupid holiday they are really good .
wouldnt this only increase the price of some products a tiny bit ?
they are probably keeping colby to fight for the 165 title when it becomes available .
i think dana wants him is a champ and knows he ca n't beat woodley
it sounds like you are doing an awesome job taking care of yourself congrats twice about your raises !
i even suggested to maybe even have this item replace ga .
how do you keep you floors and walls so clean ?
got lost hiking in the mountains ended up following some water which lead me through a range full of exploded holes in the ground .
i could n't help but look into every one of them in passing .
i came upon the darkest and biggest one yet .
it was very deep and had a fall of what i would guess to be 3x my height .
i looked over the edge into the tunnel it was deep enough to have a shadow .
i thought i saw something move inside and heard a strange deep bird call suddenly i 'm aware that there are mountain lions in my region remember how high they can jump and how strong they are .
i was looking over my shoulder making sure nothing was following me the rest of that hike .
though i 'm sure if a big cat wanted me it would 've had me .
it 's a historical fact that the soviet union invaded poland two weeks after the nazi invasion of poland .
it 's a historical fact that the nazis had a non-aggression pact with the soviets until 1941 .
i bet it is like poison for your lungs .
but you have to give it your all for the ... atmosphere i guess .
maybe my club needs more pyro for some actual atmosphere .
la area here let me know if you find anything or if you start a server .
it just comes down to timing with other flights etc .
the customs declaration form is quite clear on items you need to declare .
they 're only a pain if you try to be an idiot and not declare stuff that you need to .
fines for doing that sort of thing can be quite high and rightly so .
works well my mate who plays sfv professionally uses his ps4 controller to play me at fighterz works well
what annoys me the most is that there 's the skeleton of a good movie in there and the execution is botched to hell and back .
you got aramintha as aoe dot cidd as powerful st damage dealer and awesome arena unit and lots for healing
not only is it a huge and intensive labor to restore all of these old rolls frame by frame but it gives these soldiers life again .
it makes people feel more connected to their experiences .
while i completely agree except that fixing the film speed did more than anything else to make it relatable the imperial war museum the institution that collected and preserved the footage and commissioned the film is n't getting nearly enough credit .
if not their website https www.iwm.org.uk is a great place to get lost for a few hours .
a huge part of their collection is available online .
if a ball lands on someone 's foot like in that movie quoted above and he feels nice and carefully balances it to the hole is it a hole in one ?
and what if a dog picked it up and put it in the hole ?
well if you were in the same room as me i 'd be saying and doing even more 😉
this is only regarding nofap and wet dreams they are just fine .
it 's a natural process your body uses to get rid of the extra sperm and maybe of the built up sexual tension .
you will not lose any benefits except for maybe semen retention ones ?
you comment on a day old post and then condescendingly ask me if i get it without directly addressing anything i previously said .
and then you make such obvious statements nature includes human oh shit really ?
your logic is worse than your ability to string sentences together ... you have a nice day lol ...
they 're saying it to make the search result thing work faster
the operative phrase is right now which implies your house is not normally out of food which indicates that you typically work to get money for food and have temporary fallen on hard times .
you are not advocating for someone else to permanently pay for your food forever like the post is .
equating charitable food banks or even limited food stamps where you only get so many of them for so long every so often after proving you are attempting to find gainful employment and a social program that pays for everyone 's food forever is a level of false equivalency and mental gymnastics only a leftist fucktards brain can perform .
yes comorragh is basically a lot of webway realms joined together .
there is a segment on the very outermost where humans slaught eldars and sm visit to trade recruit or just hide from their former bosses .
pat pat it 's alright we 've all been here ... . d lol really sucks !
i have a smash tattoo on my right forearm i love that yours is a blank space
since we only have simple lower case characters i used
instead of a hash map and accessed it by the char value
this should be much faster especially since the hash function used normally is rather slow for short keys according to the docs .
for it to be tourette 's it has to have 2 movement and one vocal tic .
it could well be a tic disorder but might not be tourette 's if you do n't have the vocal one .
do n't worry all tic disorders are welcome here though
i would have just preferred anal but this is ok too i guess
the democrat is like the aunt who promises to take you to disney world but ca n't because there 's this thing called the electoral college which means instead of her you have to hang out with some other dude you 're not even related to who wants to take you to iraq .
carmex in strawberry ☃️ i 've used carmex for many years but i 've been branching out to other balms a lot .
biotera sheer illuminator moisture treatment for blondes highlights ☃️love this stuff .
reduces brass while it moisture treats and lasts several shampoos for me .
corn huskers lotion ☃️ i had not seen this since i was a kid so i bought it on a whim probably for the memories .
this had a lot of glycerin and absorbs fast so i used it when i was in a rush instead of my usual body butter .
this has a lovely soft scent a little like baby powder maybe ?
wrp but in time due to having a lotion back-log just now .
glossier balm dot com birthday cake ☃️ this beautiful shimmery one i stupidly kept on my night stand all year .
milk sunshine oil ☃️ posted this in error sorry since it is not full size i meant to put it on my r/skincareflatlays empties post .
sweet pea fragrance mist ☃️love this scent and wrp and i actually already purchased a lotion in this scent .
☃️i use clear mostly on false lashes and i used to use it on eyebrows a lot .
charming fragrance victoria secret knock off ☃️ wnrp the scent is gone by the time you leave the room .
jr watkins lemon citron cuticle cream**☃️ used this for years .
it lasts a really long time and i had a couple scents .
would definitely repurchase love this brand.♡ sampler body care kit jr watkins apothocary products .
elf makeup remover pen ☃️i have a back-up of this already and it really comes in handy for liner .
cargo lip gloss in las vegas strip ☃️love this and wrp but i think it 's discontinued .
bliss eyeliner where there 's smoke ☃️ wrp i have repurchased in other colors .
i love how smooth creamy it is but i broke the tip several times i guess because i 'm not used to how lovely soft it is .
nivea lip balm ☃️love this and have quite a few back-ups .
that 's what i would think but what explains the success of missionaries and conversions in countries where christianity arrived late ?
seems like a lot of cases needed to happen where those who were not indoctrinated were exposed to the new beliefs and said this is fine . ''
in the replay you could see fury breathing pattern the same of someone who just got knocked out .
i would but encouraging you to stay there while violating so many health and safety not to mention fire code stipulations just does n't sit right with me .
the bank of america corporation abbreviated as bofa is an american multinational investment bank and financial services company based in charlotte north carolina with central hubs in new york city london hong kong and toronto .
bank of america was formed through nationsbank 's acquisition of bankamerica in 1998 .
it is the second largest banking institution in the united states after jp morgan chase .
as a part of the big four it services approximately 10.73 of all american bank deposits in direct competition with citigroup wells fargo and jpmorgan chase .
sad because he should have lost the game and rank down .
now he is closer to champ with that play style lol
first a musket is a muzzle loaded weapon and the reloading '' animation of a single shot would take for ever .
you could make it a one-shot kill but still highly impractical .
second its actually loaded with gunpowder so in reality you could disarm '' yourself by stepping into water .
third even if we would ignore what i wrote in second '' a real musket is wartech from 1475 and this form of weaponry was retired in the 19th century .
all in all i do n't see how you can balance this properly nor make it fun to play .
education is there to distract the developing brains from seeing what the environment is really like .
i did n't know my city was run by thug ceos bent on profit full of parkinsons disease causing pesticides .
the health care is pay to live here in the us and it 's only to keep the workers alive to make profit for the hell bent ceos and his executive lackies .
no one lives long enough to collect it all .
the roads are so the workers can get to work .
i am fed up with people on reddit acting like this is n't reality .
i swear it 's stuck i think i 'm going on day three with that thing there .
i wonder how many penises this thing has held before . ''
just used my new telescope for the first time tonite trying to find orion 's nebula .
either conditions were n't ideal pretty cloudy some light pollution or my telescope is n't strong enough to catch it .
it 's crazy that our current president and two former presidents were all born in the same 12 month span .
yes but you have to take into account that your chance rises when you do n't get a new brawler out of a box so it will be higher .
this post was removed because you do not meet the requirements to post something other than a direct image link .
try resubmitting by right-clicking on your image and using copy image url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegesluts if you have any questions or concerns .
boxing still has great fights but the decisions are rigged .
after the fuckery from the judges in the canelo/ggg fights and this inexplicable 115-111 scorecard boxing appears to be about as real as the wwe .
might have the files on my computer but maybe not .
we even had high deductible plan where the company paid you money to be on it .
my second year it was 3 then 5 and up and up .
i think it 's 100 something now almost 20 years later .
like spending obama 's entire term pretending he was secretly not american or a muslim ?
these are two separate things the first of which was based on a lie that was put out there by obama himself when he was younger and even was used in his own publications .
i 'm convinced he was lying to get a boost on his college application but it 's not like those who think he was born in kenya are comparable moon landing deniers or the like maybe he should n't have lied in the first place ?
as for him being muslim the man constantly referred to the koran as the holy koran '' constantly turned a blind eye to jihadis and his blatant anti-semitism why would n't someone think he 's a muslim ?
if it walks like a duck quacks like a duck and swims like a duck ...
but what does either of those have to do with racism ?
neither of those is an accusation that obama was bad because of the color of his skin .
now imagine if it was an 18-wheeler instead of that hatchback .
sometimes a sketch works just on the sole level of craziness .
did the actual wall break near kyles end of the bed at the end there ?
i like how it looks like they kinda tried to add in the timeline thingy but did n't do it properly xd
trading mejia for two relievers who were pretty ... not great the rest of the way seems even worse now .
the outfield and bullpen were so awful and the other teams in the al were such juggernauts that no matter who was available the indians were unlikely to win even their divisional series let alone the world series .
i know there were a lot of factors but how do you look at the roster know you 're going to have to trim payroll and think ah yes let 's go with the aging catcher who 's one of the worst hitters in the majors instead of the hot prospect who can slide into the lineup right away '' ?
my neice is named this and the fact its a title makes it even worse than a character name
my name is woody and i like to hang out at brandis
there was a girl in my sister 's class named silence .
she probably had a really healthy relationship with her parents .
well if you play jungle there 's no competition so you can just run around taking all the jungle farm for yourself and then gank them from ahead
it gave me more flexibility on both sale and purchase .
i had n't rented for eons and found after owning it was hard living so close to people .
but i 'm watching 2 friends do it right now with bridge loans and contingencies and that 's got it 's own stresses .
some landlords are greedy if you need an extra month or leave early .
i ca n't believe that as good as gta 5 is they never made single player dlc 's and just made shitty online dlcs .
i mean it only makes sense to have single player dlc because its gon na be tough for gta 6 to top gta 5 even rockstar knows its not a good time for gta 6 to come out .
los santos is the best city for gta and they did a great job on it too .
megalobox is gon na be cool i have never even heard of it so its gon na be interesting it
always making us look bad but who cares when america likes to shit on itself .
that 's why i 'm taking the 800k and bouncing to japan smh
yeah man easy enough to find a recipe also you 'll wan na add some cole slaw top that sandwich little extra bbq sauce serve w either a cold lager or a dr pepper
was it in her original blog post where she mentions that the memory came from the planetary energy ?
unless i 'm misreading it neil 's statement does n't say that .
the planetary energy bit in his statement does n't really serve any purpose other than to discredit her in my opinion .
batman doesnt need laser vision to beat the shit out of people .
joke aside if this is true that 's what you did wrong .
if you are only talking to girl because you like someone there 's a huge chance you will failed because your herald rank in this subject .
you need to be regularly communicating with random girls with no intention of being more than friends and slowly you will acquire enough skill when the one you like came .
i watched it too and i 'll say this fascinating tech to transform some of that footage into color and be really smooth motion quality .
the people who narrated it and talked about it when they lived during that time was interesting .
the pacing to it was very slow and incredibly boring .
as an american i could n't understand some of their accents .
so a lot of what was said went over my head .
they show some stuff three or four times during the documentary .
they put all this effort in dubbing what the soldiers were saying adding sound effects and what not .
but then it was all lost when they put the narrators talk over it so you could n't appreciate what the sounds effects and what they were saying .
i fell asleep twice i had to shut it off .
yes literally every patch in legion was the worst patch ever .
people were pretty happy with tomb of sargeras the broken shore/mage tower challenges and all the content argus brought .
i have n't played smash since gamecube maybe wii i ca n't remember .
and i remember playing against link and thinking he 's a giant pain in the ass to fight against .
i 've taught many mainland chinese students who said that their government needed to control them or there 'd be chaos .
it 's not some bizarre nazi idea over there .
i have one that left empty but uncleaned for many years .
the nib feed is quite small and looks delicate so be careful with the twisting motion .
if the pen has n't been used for a while with ink left in it give it a good soaking in water for even day or so .
after that gently turn the plastic section that covers the nib and see if will start to unscrew .
if not soak it some more and try again and repeat until the nib starts to unscrew and then repeat some more .
follow the links left by valthero and see if that helps .
my '45 that took me a full week to free up after i re-discovered it stuffed in a drawer .
good luck it is a great pen if you can get it cleaned up .
i 'm an engineer so most of my courses were based on being able to do the calculations .
i just mostly solved textbooks problems till i was comfortable with it .
and if i was really pushed for time i would just skip to looking at the solution manual till i understood the general process for solving them .
edit it also helps alot if you can explain it to other people once you 've learn it .
though in my case people never had time to work it out
find a stable squad or a clan to join and try playing competitively with them .
i think it would be a waste of a good title they can adapt it when they introduce annhilus .
besides this feels more appropriate for iw rather than a movie about undoing the snap .
the title anyway does not reflect the quality of the movie .
would n't the marquis de lafayette and allegedly alexander hamilton be better examples ?
once again finding a replacement is n't finding another ronaldo '' but rather buying a very good player to play his position so the inevitable drop in quality would n't be as sharp '' .
hazard for example is clearly not as good as ronaldo still real could definitely use someone like him on the left rather than asensio/lucas .
they 're a relatively wealthy demographic that like to engage in social signalling via the use of products and services .
they also tend to work in corporate jobs and can be motivated to think that their employer is one of the good '' corporations .
plus sjws push for economic policies that are bad for small businesses and potential competitors .
i had a nightmare the other day and i woke up in the middle of the night furiously running through my hair with my fingers
even if it does n't your kids might not be so lucky one day .
check your hangar page on the rsi website as each combine gun was separated off into an individual component .
so if you can see it there it 's not lost .
you 're missing his mole too on the left cheek !
i tried slide but it continuously monitored my clipboard and crashed when i blocked access..
so i uninstalled it.. that was as long time ago ...
my fav part is the statue ruin in the top right .
i put a kryptonite u lock through the front wheel/fork cuz then it 's immobal unless you have a cutting torch
looking for champs that will fit my current pool .
i have a habit of switching through many different types if champs and i feel like its hurting my gameplay .
currently play yasuo and my other two picks are usually lux or ziggs .
i play yasuo because of his outplay potential and hes just insanely fun to me .
he is banned a lot though so i backup to lux or ziggs because i love their safety and chunk potential .
as in with yasuo i go in aggressive when i know i can and with lux and ziggs i tend to throw out a lot of abilities because im pretty decent with hitting skillshots .
currently i feel like im good at hitting skillshots and punishing mistakes when they 're more obvious .
i would like to get better at some macro play and punishing the less obvious mistakes .
i also fall into the trap of playing more passive when im against an op '' champ thus tending to make more mistakes myself .
press left on the d-pad and you can see all the challenges you have to complete .
complete the first four chapters/acts or whatever and you 'll get your 6 piece set .
i was actually testing a new mic with this one so i 'm glad it worked out .
rohan has a great performance although it 's so different from the sub that it 's hard to get used to .
i think my husband and i will get an xbox just for this !
i can see that but i think his writing is more beautiful '' so to speak in gc .
imo to make this meme work you could put the pause in the last frame before the baby disappears into the snow .
also there is no reason for you to be so salty to the point that you are downvoting my comments while i am trying to be as nice as possible .
it was a little weird kind of like that obama song a few seasons ago with cecily and sasheer .
i was an angry kid who grew into an angry adult .
fairly beige story bullied through high school suspended and later expelled for fighting back .
went to college learned some combat training through the course i did dropped out went working in industry and became strong enough to apply the things i 'd learned .
i eventually went back to college at 20/21 got called on my shit by a tutor who told me to either see a counsellor or get the fuck off his course .
ended up in drug/alcohol therapy and continued with that for four years .
it 's given me a much deeper understanding of who i was who i am and who i can be .
still got the fistful of broken knuckles and scars from the bad old days but on some very rare occasions i 'm truly glad i learned what i did .
if i could change it i would but if wishes were horses beggars would ride .
this survey reads like the author does n't know anything about soccer .
yes because only skinny people drink do drugs smoke or eat unhealthy .
fat people eat 100 arugula and are perfectly straightedge .
we can hate more than 1 bad habit at a time .
i tried really hard not to blame anyone else for the obstacles i had to overcome being there .
this took a few tries and a lot of feedback .
i ended up talking about the lack of diversity in stem as an established fact which duh it is and then focusing on what i personally did to overcome that challenge both for myself and others .
the format was basically to combat the lack of diversity in stem i did this '' or while gaining support for myself as a woman in physics i encouraged other women in my dept to join me '' etc .
i have been through some nasty ankle sprains and i get the idea of wanting to lose the brace..
but since you can feel it after a hard day it 's pretty interesting why you stopped playing with it
we dont know the name of the man on the bridge
sorry but there 's always some blame on your side .
either you botted or you were hacked and did n't have authenticator installed .
best to accept it and move on just a game and pixels .
it does n't matter at the end of the day .
if you love the game start again and be more careful of your account this time round .
great idea the fostering but in this case op says she away for work for 8 hours a day .
the responsibility to care for a pet in need of medical attention is too big imo .
i look like i 'm twelve there i was 20 .
uzmi roidmi cirka 20 ojra i puštaj šta oš preko mobilnog .
somebody did n't get enough beauty sleep did they princess .
in less time it took you to write your post i found a working link online .
you know there is a process you have to go through to terminate people yeah ?
this could have been easily done at 8am monday morning when he shows up for work
like once you get to a certain level they show you a corpse ?
pelikan hq is in switzerland and rotring is an american brand nowadays .
i know the community wanted these changes but man does it suck that quick match takes forever to find a game .
honestly this might end up being the nail in the coffin for hots for me .
i have limited play time as it is and with games taking 20-25 minutes or even longer in qm i do n't want to spend even more time sitting around .
i 'll be lucky to get in two full games in an hour .
this change is great for those who do n't mind but i guess those of us with limited time to game are boned .
the eu has a population density of 112 people/km 2 the us has a population density of about 36 people/km 2 .
yes😊 i was n't comfortable at first but it but it builds up your confidence
god this is so me on a monday morning crying in bed
i see you know how to copy and paste from your original comment that i already read and responded to .
looks like a gif from october 1st after stop shitting september .
best is to use chariots to get rid of ranged while the titan goes to town .
invest in ushabti tk early on necrotechs and wise lich priest to boost jars magic spells and the unique skills necrotechs unlock more constructs so that you can get decent units early .
it 's easier to help there with complex issues .
people seem to love getting rid of older cars for minor reasons .
i drove mine with one of the front fenders completely rusted away for a few years .
come to think of it rust is probably the only reason you do n't see a whole lot of them around today .
the ones i do see appear to be in like new shape .
i do n't know what happened but it 's not available in the chrome store any more it is called 'stylist ' but i get an error when trying to view the page for it ...
your passage is beautiful i skipped to the end the first time i read it to see what book it was from 😂 .
if you do n't mind me asking how did you start cutting ?
boxers etc would look so much better at the weigh-in if they knew how to do a proper front double bi ...
i know i 'm mad late to this thread but my favorite was always .
what do you call a fish with no eyes ?
right this whole game was us wolves fans panting and seething when rose even slightly looks in discomfort and you guys horrified whenever gordon gets an inch off the ground .
yeaaah part of the reason i avoid most subreddits if i actually want to talk about something .
you either have to adapt to the sub or get used to being downvoted .
holy shit the uncomfortable laugh after makes that whole clip
it is on its way though you ca n't do 4k through it only 1920x1200 single link or 2560x1600 dual link .
people got mad at ethan because what he did was hypocritical he was ok with idubbbz using the n word but made a video on pewdiepie when he did it .
ethan criticized pewdiepie just so that people wo n't associate pewdiepie with him and he wo n't lose sponsorship deal .
there were n't any u-turns it was simply a slow and gradual process .
you ca n't expect the government to somehow take out tlp 's leadership when there are literally tens of thousands protesting in the streets .
the strategy was quite simple i.e convince tlp to call off the protests and then quickly arrest it 's leadership
would it be better if i had gone with aichaos triple s ?
i sent you an email i 'm interested in hiring you .
new users often do n't realize that your comment must begin with a proper three-letter rating .
you can explain your rating or qualify it after that but this is the one big rule .
you can edit your comment and message the mods to have your rating approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/truefmk if you have any questions or concerns .
if someone is just recording his guitar and his voice and maybe recording some other instruments they require far less processing power than producers who have layers upon layers of serum instances and chains upon chains of audio manipulation plugins .
trans communities online can be quite alienating to anyone who is n't a filthy commie .
please be advised that this post links to a satire site and the content thereof should not be taken seriously .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/atheism if you have any questions or concerns .
not just in german it 's called ketamin in slovenia too .
my cat got in for one of her surgeries was pretty funny because she was still high when she got home .
behringer air x-18 digital mixer i use it as my interface
it 's the romanized form of ㅉ which is used in korean words .
you should probably focus on leveling at least a 3 star titan.
i 'll be l18 in a few minutes but still do n't have a 3 titan ...
since i do n't know what kind of 3 i 'll get at some point i was wondering which 3\*/4 relic is worth upgrading anyway because of its 'general use ' ...
why are you trying to get past the feeling ?
what 's your reason for not telling his wife exactly ?
tbh having the ae icon is just compensation for being the wrong religion in india and while the synergy is good institutions are easy enough to develop and cheap enough to embrace that they should n't be the deciding factor
have to be honest kinda looks like most second tier towns these days .
to add on to this is he likely to send things to your house ?
are you able to reflect on how it happened ?
loving the death note poster in the background too !
removed this post now belongs in the new feminism megathread https www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9y6fex/feminism_megathread .
for an overview of all the other new megathreads check the announcement post on the front page or click here https www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9xw041/popular_topics_megathreadhub .
getting a strange sense of deja vu from the post and top comment ...
i 'm not sure if he makes a living from his streams/vids but if it 's your job then it 's not that bad .
but if you 're just living in your parents basement then yeah you 're fucked .
or today my son cross checks a guy behind the net blatant no call bullshit and i freaked to my kid after the game to not do that .
the kids gets up and charges my son ... who 's faster and just skates away .
but if he had hit him especially from behind you have to inform them that that shit is n't going to happen again ...
you obviously only go for chads why do n't you want him ?
oh right he 's a niceguy™ that 's why !
more seriously he ca n't be reported based on the texts ?
never really remembered a lot of the desperation attacks because i hated to have low health .
i was initially thinking why not dive bomb ? ''
but then i remembered that it entailed using an airship to attack and they ca n't bring the airship closer '' because yada yada torsion torsion kupo kupo
too many claim add without a proper diagnosis which your original post implied and that gives adhd/add a bad rep .
i am taking nutrition right now it 's kind of a pain in the ass .
i have learned some useful things that will actually help me be more aware about a lot of food stuff but i do n't care about most of the content some of it is really complex and it does not pertain to my major at all .
i 've met some cool people through the class but i would n't recommend it to a friend .
my experience is very anecdotal so take it as you want .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not sure if an osprey daylite will handle a 14 laptop .
i only ever hear of people using them for up to 13 laptops .
the daylite plus is the one that i hear being used for at the large end 15 macbook pro .
honestly i 'm grimacing though at the thought of carrying a laptop on my back in any bag that can collapse down to almost nothing inside of my onebag .
so what would he need to do to redeem himself in your eyes ?
he 's one of those people that look very much their own age .
yesss but you do n't want to lose your 'tired ' feeling by doing the things lol .
if you 're in telepresence when you deploy the srv how come it says telepresence established when you switch .
if my telepresence avatar is telepresencing in to the turret that 's a rabbit hole i 'm not fully equipped to deal with does every cmdr have an infinite slave army at his behest ?
how does quality diminish between duplications are we talking vhs or microsd here ?
these are n't facts no matter how many people wrongly believe them to be true
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i was 8-6 ik not the best 😂
i figure if i used them for myself more i eat out to much instead of only at work i could afford more nice knives actually i 'd probably get more sharpening stones .
it 's all about the budgeting also pretty sure refgent is right and only a few people here have crazy overstocked knife cases
in the beginning you 're saying there are wars being fought that are n't known to the public ?
it has gaping weaknesses of being expensive and explosive .
the supply of alchemist fire available also isnt exactly unlimited so for any extended use they will need tk set up a stable supply chain .
there was discussion some time ago about how the leaks were unlikely i 'll link it to you .
deltacomember was n't straightforward with the leaks and instead asking to be asked about the leaks .
there were too many escape clauses second thoughts on cumberbatch should 've been busy with sherlock s4 busy gosling should 've been busy with first man or blade runner surprise actor people say léa seydoux but the only way to have léa in something is if she wants to be in it because she 's already established before this people say emma stone junji ito not being contacted yet troy baker who 's pretty common in aaa games
mechanics are straightforward he said even though currently kojima mentions wanting to make something new in regards to genre and adding the inversion of freedom of movement as seen in trailer 4
said that the game is more action adventure based with deemphasized stealth even though we saw norman hiding from bt and mitgm teaser implying escape or stealth are options instead of combat and kojima emphasizing that he wants to use the rope instead of the stick
the eve character being a character with a spiked helmet being art that yoji shinkawa i think at sdcc or something has shown without any indication that the character is in death stranding and no he 's not talking about lea he 's talking about this character https pbs.twimg.com/media/cobxjfmw8aerw8a.jpg .
no mention of the quantum physics equations and how that relates to the game and the purgatory
guillermo has stated that he 's not involved creatively in death stranding .
the reason why i believe this is because this leak was dated 11th of september but the thing is though the pic that was first used by deltacomember was a pic of a mystery person not revealed yet probably durand because there 's some legitimacy there as they met around sdcc 16 and he 's canadian and it was in at toronto in the 10th of september http www.metalgearinformer.com ? p=28117 .
guillermo was filming shape of water in toronto and hamilton in ontario so that means that kojima had to go to guillermo to do this .
that and the fact that filming of shape of water was happening during august and november 2016 and it was very very packed time as it started right on the heels of the strain as some it was filmed on the same set .
guillermo in his ama said that he spent an entire day being scanned and because of the pics that ayako and quantum capture tweeted it 's entirely possible that a meeting did happen but not something as intensive as creating the game 's story since troy baker has already stated that kojima has had everything about ds in his head for about two years .
we need cumberland to be a way more consistent player .
he has disappeared for entire halves this season but he might as well have not showed up for the flight for this one .
3 points and 2 assists with a turnover and that bum time out at the end .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i was driving in my car going down i-4 and there was an advertisement for boardwalk burgers which is like this little shitty burger spot where like homeless people i guess just throw them on a grill or something and the sign said come try the new boardwalk burgers '' and i saw it out of the corner of my eyes and i was like boardwalk burgers more like bored burgers cuz the bored burgers are n't having any fun and i loved it .
it was my favorite joke i 've ever told .
love my atac aliums simple lots of float and works like a charm !
i wo n't lie and say that seeing the same heroes at all times and just everyone pressing q at once was great but i was just way too excited to see my favorites play again .
he 's so big bc he 's so full of love !
i wish my uni had therapy dogs like him !
i 'm thinking warm colors like mustards coppers yellow bronze orangey coral colors for eyeshadow .
you do n't need to make it super complicated i typically only do one or two colors at a time .
where i am when you pay for admission you pay for a reasonoable amount of time but if the weather closed the pool its probably not now that i think about it
yeah hes sacrificing his own feelings and emotions for the sake of balance being the eye of twilight .
i went to qso 's a new hope concert and it was great .
i hope they did just as well last night !
not as stressful as last year 's ccg but still pretty stressful damn i hate playing memphis .
both the mog and sg12 have the same range values so the sg12 is better insofar as it has a much larger mag and faster firing rpm .
i mean this required at least a little more effort than just screenshotting the petition page and saying look guys go sign it ! ''
i like stories and i actually feel like the storytelling in 76 is one of it 's stronger points .
despite them not being physically '' present in the game the world is populated with better fleshed out and more interesting characters than many other aaa titles .
further the plotlines themselves do maintain the series sense of dark whimsy to great effect .
i think people do n't see this though because they 're expected to do some reading to get to it .
76 is basically fallout gone home edition when it comes to plot .
i think anyone familiar with that game and it 's reception by the gamer crowd will see what i 'm saying .
then there 's the complaint about a lack of player agency .
some games do give you a lot of that .
and traditionally the fallout games fall into that category .
but there 's lots of games out there that are considered to be plenty good that are also very linear .
this is clearly not about whether 76 stands up on it 's own or not .
it 's about unwarranted expectations they 've placed upon it because of it 's pedigree .
judge a piece of media for what it is .
strangely enough his marketing strategy was to only focus on women .
maybe he would have been more successful if he sold towels to men also .
the thing is tho his 11ki is a lot stronger than the 12ki
of course there will always be something missing based on personal taste .
maybe there will even be a few different songs in cologne .
i think in the us tour they changed some songs around for the different cities .
the second english song was probably cybernetic and the rin/ren duo roki .
i hope you have a good time in cologne .
be sure to check out the cathedral and the christmas market xd
we germans are known to be a bit more reserved but i 'm sure miku will fire the people up !
of course you prefer draymond shooting than the others but draymond actually shoots 39.6 on open 3 's which is decent
i never said anything about those being every single legend left to come .
read what i wrote instead of making me look like an idiot .
look i need something to bust a nut to now that november is over .
thank you i shall now turn off the light and sleep soundly !
can we take a moment to appreciate how much better these announcers are than the cbs ones ?
it has nothing to do with black people being hilarious or insightful on social media .
if you disagree with this action you can message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fblackpeopletwitter subject message .
please include a link to your post so that we can see it .
you know i heard similar things right before we played michigan .
no it 's actually called picking the final year where there are complete statistics for the majority of nations .
too bad france 's emissions increased in both 2017 and 2018
even if they magically doubled their emissions rate they 'd still be producing less co2 per capita compared to the us .
the usa is meeting paris accord agreements while avoiding paying developing nations '' like china lol
again you really have a poor understanding of the paris climate accord if you think the us was required to pay a single cent to anyone .
it 's fine to have a 1.4 reduction per year ?
if the us stayed at that rate for 50 years they 'd still have a higher co2 production rate per capita than the uk does today .
why the fuck do you think that 's impressive ?
go yell at these nations that are developing and have multiple times more population than the us '' .
are you also surprised that switzerland produces less co2 than the uk ?
now list all the ones they got exactly right .
hey there it 's me peter from the incredibles .
os this mey mey made me lol laugh out loud .
the second is look where i 'm going with this butter .
thr last is a clock and what do clocks do ?
i am rofl roll of floor laughing right now !
it 's a bit weird for a girl who 's been soaring through space for years and years to suddenly spend all her time on earth just because she met mario one time and then a couple more times for no real reason .
i 've got a friend from perth he said that mentioning outback steakhouse or fosters beer will get you publicly shunned in australia
spread those beautiful butt cheeks put my nose deep between that beautiful bubble butt and inhale that delicious asshole aroma and then proceed to lick that sweaty and funky asshole clean .
pokemon 2000 featured a massive cultural loss to the entire world .
when you think about it lugia blew up what was essentially a mobile art museum .
but you have this guy who has the treasures of the world at his disposal you figure there 's got to be insanely important works in his ship .
we 've never seen anything else like it in the series .
even the megarig and alva 's ship are n't on that level .
what 's causing more suicides the poll or how the sponsor spot contains a nsync song
wait is it ok if we do it in like 30 ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a28zxk/has_anyone_on_reddit_had_weird_dreams_while_at .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
correct me if i 'm wrong but they did n't fine him when he jumped in the first time did they ?
the joke is grammatically incorrect so does n't really work despite being upvoted as much as it is .
is short for extra terrestrial it is answering why is e.t .
from what i have read it seems like you do n't respect her and you see your marriage as a deal where you get sex .
your wife is a person and no person ever owes anyone sex .
if any of these transfer to how you treat your wife i can see why she would n't want to have sex with you .
instead of trying to figure out whether she 's experiencing any problems or if you can help her in some way to want to have sex again you are complaining about how your wife wo n't touch your cock .
if you feel as frustrated i ca n't imagine how your wife must feel .
sex just does n't happen you need to build desire and just because you 've married someone does n't mean they will always be readily available for sex .
smgs ads at almost the same speed as ars except the saug .
ars and lmgs can have 0 sprintout time with gung-ho most ars and lmgs beat most smgs in ttk at almost all ranges .
and it 's also obvious to most people that worse/slower players use lmgs no need to get defensive it 's just the way it is .
ca n't make suggestion for games anymore because we do n't work at valve ?
if you do n't think mulligan would be good for the game then challenge his argument instead of attacking him .
you do know that gold nuggets get you out of parent 's basements right ?
on bad acting alone that should be a good goal .
umm i have no idea where you got that from .
it makes snapping onto target much easier and faster .
but it 's kind of an adult onset thing .
i had mild scoliosis as an adolescent but it was stable until the ankylosing spondylitis kicked in in my mid 30 's .
the bone growth is working on one side of some vertebrae .
the bottom of my ribs overlap the iliac crest top of the pelvic bone on one side when i 'm sitting .
one butt cheek is lower than the other so sitting is a problem lately .
this was n't an issue a couple of months ago .
it helps to have a niche skill set meaning not easily replaceable .
you make it sounds like you have quite a peculiar kink mate
as long as it does n't affect your lectures or the way your work is graded it should be fine .
chrisman is still a good punter minus our team playing like crap
also certain ways of natural death can look like murder .
a long empty corridor that goes from the elevator to your destination or ...
this one but i can accept the televator for now .
i never said they were defensive orientated go quote me where i said that .
i even specifically stated that some of the teams have their defense sacrificed in order to reach their max apt .
however 90 of the teams in the highest apt list have their defense heavily covered by the units that ultimately bring the most apt .
like i literally made a post about the uni 7 situation .
stated it was n't a realistic team to run and that the other setup which i did a whole analysis on was the overall better one to use .
i bought a 2013 laredo x with the v6 for 17 kbb and autotrader value placed it around 22k for its condition options and mileage at the time
we are living in pc land so nothing surprising here .
acho que a grande treta com as discotecas e baladas de hoje é que todo mundo se conhece '' por causa da internet .
eu tô morrendo de vontade de curtir uma balada dançar e beber a noite toda mas não consigo fazer isso aqui onde moro ... eu literalmente fico travado .
quando sobrar um dinheiro pra sair provavelmente eu vá pra campinas curtir algum rolê
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has been posted recently by another user
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
euthanasia is the practice of intentionally ending a life to relieve pain and suffering .
feudalism would not fit the definition unless i 'm very mistaken the feudal economy was based on serfs paying their lords taxes and fees usually in labor and then working their own land to subsist .
capitalism in contrast is the capitalist paying the worker a wage for a set amount of labor to produce a commodity for profit .
i admit i am very ignorant of feudalism but i believe what i 've stated is true .
socialism has so many definitions i barely care to argue over it but if yes depending on your definition it 's either indistinguishable from communism or capitalism .
and i 'm not sure i understand your example of the agrarian economy .
if you do n't like them you have three options .
complain some more this will earn you nothing but karma .
it 's extremely petty and shows off how awful of a person you are .
do n't play competitive games if you really do n't like getting killed because you did n't pay for something do n't play that game .
it 's a simple solution but you must be willing to give it up .
shut up and deal with it like a person if it bothers you enough to try and criticize people who like it either put it somewhere they 'll see it or find a way around it instead of being a pessimistic little shit .
if this is the case you 've basically given me the answer i want to hear ...
if it 's a rta and it 's vapor locking then your cotton ports are over-packed .
your wicks work as the regulator letting air in the tank as needed but not too much as to cause it to leak .
thin out your cotton a bit and check for bubbles that should appear every couple of puffs .
well zach lowe also said that he thinks frank will be all-defense team sooner or later .
dm ur steam info and i 'll gift you a copy
have n't heard of this welborn fella and looking at boxrec he does n't seem to be rated very highly .
now that 's a name i have n't heard in a while .
i got the game given to me by a family friend and it was scratched to shit .
i could only play it for like 20mins before it crashed but damn i loved it .
just screen shot your account transfer information and that is good enough .
only thing is jp gets more compensation blame cr and the censorship while a dumb thing not really that important in my opinion .
there 's an entire orphanage full of people with sharingan run by an expert in organ transplants .
both 1 and 2 of what you wrote look to be correct .
pax soar will solve those riven challenges everyone 's complaining about .
it 's the way we keep losing tho that 's so unbearable and ridiculous .
it 's often less clumsy and more just leering at you like an object with that loom while talking like a cringey dude from 1608 .
sometimes your danger meter goes off and it sounds like audible disgust .
i do n't want to hear anything about the refs .
that is absolutely true ... it 's also true that for years even now she was inundated with countless comments from classless trolls about how manly '' her body is because she had an athletic build and was n't too curvy .
would n't be shocked at all if some of those got to her mentally and she got those to feel better about herself .
but at the same time i do n't know shit because i 'm not her so who knows lol
in our household we had a rule that cooks do n't do dishes .
and the young ones were on dishes so if you were older than 18 .
and there were younger ones they would do the dishes .
i thought it was a good plan because it encouraged the young ones to help cook and look forward to becoming an adult .
these rules were excluded during christmas or special meals .
search for neverguilty 's gctrep https www.reddit.com/r/gctrep/search ? q=author 3aneverguilty restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
u/neverguilty history on trading subs https www.reddit.com/r/cash4cash+gctrade+gamesale+gcxrep+c4crep+slrep+bitmarket+loans+steamgameswap+trade+barter+borrow+gameswap+giftcardexchange+hardwareswap+gctrading+gctrep+redditbay/search ? q=title 3aneverguilty+or+author 3aneverguilty restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
remember to check out op https reddit.com/user/neverguilty before trading to keep everyone safe !
do not trade with op if their username appears on a search at the universal scammer list http universalscammerlist.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gctrading if you have any questions or concerns .
is there a benefit to the angle of the joint between the base and the legs ?
i actually would n't mind it i feel like kids today still know who he is
he came with absolutely correct point that not all of people buying overpriced cards are idiots .
that it 's up to person what he spends his money on .
still absolute most of people buying overpriced cards are idiots throwing money away without getting any value back .
i 'm not sure about the screens but it was purchased new in 2016 if that helps .
are you swearing you 're not giving up in general or are you swearing you 're not giving up specifically on god .
prompt 1 and i think it also has a bit of the freeform into it as it was n't so much a decision as a need to do something then and there .
i want to be the big spoon and snuggle right up to that .
if amazon has a 100 day i will be eating tendies all month
i understand that part however i do n't have the pamphlet to look at it and learn how to craft the small game arrow .
do you know where i can find the pamphlet ?
especially after finding out he abandoned leia and the resistance .
me screaming at siblings not to do the fast play because the commercials took so long .
then they 'd let the timer run out because our remote barely worked .
because truth is a higher virtue than kindness mr ideologue '' ?
i 'll be honest i do n't think you actually are looking at what the community here is really saying nor do i think you 're carefully reading my replies .
i did n't say it 's a vocal majority causing the issue i 'm saying that irrespective of how large the vocal community is it still does n't answer the remaining questions i asked .
go look around we 've done a fairly good job at condemning biased racist and ignorant comments that offer nothing but negativity .
but that does n't mean we 're going to go filtering valid criticism about how the chinese audience is behaving .
you 're basically asking the western audience to filter all the negative criticism towards the chinese and only focus on reforging our relationship with them .
hell wyk created a weibo account to communicate with them professionally and clear any misunderstanding .
valve went and made a public announcement both skem and kuku made public apologies .
where are the chinese public figures like pro players/casters/etc .
coming on social media and apologizing for the way the vocal minority acted ?
where is the larger more positive minority in telling their government to not ban them because they 've been punished enough and they do n't want the game they love to suffer ?
and now you expect the western audience to try to be friends with them ?
and as i mentioned we fucking tried to ignore it and move on after valves statement but they brought it back up .
say for instance we accept them banning the two players for the major and move on and come ti the government pulls the same shit ?
do you think the rest of us will want to be chummy with china still ?
valve is n't saying anything because china brings in too much money they pay the bill so valve has to appease to them .
physics classes must have been very challenging when you tried to learn about movement .
they can only kill people who are n't expecting it
he 's probably just looking out the window and not thinking about much of anything .
dogs are n't meant to walk on 2 legs for any extended period of time .
having only seen him in princess bride i guess i always just assumed he was spanish .
the title is quiet long but i always remember it because it is so fitting .
it 's 29 minutes of pure bliss featuring a brilliant jazz guitarist on a custom designed guitar and some of the top names though names not known to many in western cultures of the hindustani and carnatic music genres '' .
the song was recorded live in front of an audience and that helps give justification to ones emotions .
every time i listen to it i 'm listening to it as i type this thanks for the reminder i am beyond moved the energy the emotion the interplay between the musicians is something magical yet i always feel silly '' being moved to tears by it .
but being a live recording one can hear those in the audience hearing this ensemble for the first time in complete and often vocal astonishment ... one can hear the musicians laugh in awe at each other while encouraging each other to go as far as they want to take it ... makes me feel less silly '' and more wishing i was there to experience that concert in person .
that being said the song should n't be listened to on its own .
the entire concert is a joy a journey an experience ... best heard on a good sound system in order to pick up the faint screams of joy from the audience laughs from the musicians etc .
if you have some time do you mind checking out my channel and give some support and mayby a sub if you like my channel ?
i promised myself to avoid it all but i want it to drop just to vent the tension .
i mean 2b2t 's original crowd largely came from v and that is n't exactly known for being a pretty server
remove the machine identifier you should n't need that .
after that do you still get the error that testing connectivity does n't work ?
they 're nasty fuckers when you piss them off .
i lived out bush as a kid and i used to take a bow out and just wander around .
i came around this corner in the scrub one day to see this 7 foot antichrist roo looking straight at me .
he hinted that i fuck off to where i came from..
edit when they stand balancing on their tail which this one was they can be around 7 ' and honestly i was n't in any position to grab a tape measure out or ask him for his drivers license to check his height
not giving you free time and gets annoyed when you talk to anyone who 's the opposite gender
when i read this sub it 's really bewildering .
it 's the same for me as always this late into a patch just logging in for my mythic raid and 10 dungeon each week .
and it 's not like this raid or the mythic dungeons are bad .
i just hate that they nerfed the rewards for the mission table and worldquests .
i liked doing those in legion but now it 's just meh .
i have participated in several 3+somes in my life starting around your age i 'm 30f .
my advice is to really consider how you feel about going in to a situation like this .
if you are unsure or not feeling it discuss it with your girlfriend .
do not agree to a threesome if you are n't comfortable with it .
i know this sounds obvious but especially since you are male and may feel pressured to live up to some kind of expectation to be ‘manly ' and take on two girls at once i want to reiterate this choice is entirely up to you .
threesomes are not for everyone and may not be for you and that is ok .
if you do think you 're interested have a talk with your girlfriend to discuss both of your expectations for the experience .
definitely bring up your concern about pleasing another woman in front of your gf .
if she is the jealous type or even if she is n't but she gets feelings in the moment this conversation can help remind her that she is your number one even if you 're pleasuring someone else .
also definitely set up ground rules and be prepared to share them with your third .
communication is key here and the more open and honest everyone is up to and during the threesome the better experience everyone will have .
if you do decide to have a threesome congrats good luck have fun and please wear a condom !
the last thing you want is to get your gf 's friend pregnant and stds are n't fun either .
bring several since threesomes can change up a lot and last longer than normal sex .
plus you should change condoms when switching between girls to be super safe .
having a threesome can be a great thing although they can sometimes be as you said tricky .
you can plan and communicate fully but you ca n't force the other two to do that as well .
if things start feeling wrong do n't be afraid to stop .
and if someone says stop then it 's over no questions asked this is one of my ground rules i highly recommend making this clear before things get underway .
i think that 's all but i hope my advice has helped !
tldr if you want to have a threesome make sure everyone consents set up ground rules communicate abundantly have fun and bring condoms .
we need to use everything we got gamers rise up
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=what can i get my girlfriend 's parents for christmas ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
on mine it was just setting ram overclocking to enabled it was dochp or something ca n't remember without looking at it 😀
it said i gained eagle eye i looked under effects it was n't listed .
i used a radaway and then it said i lost empath which also was n't listed under effects then i used another radaway and lost eagle eye which again was n't listed under my effects tab in the pipboy .
yeah they 're usually pretty chill about it from what i 've heard from my mates i 've never been pulled over when i go shooting at my mates was n't exactly sure .
the narrative here is ias and ips are greedy but kejriwal is not .
if you include kejriwal in the list then it shows that people who come from administrative services need not be greedy .
my point is not to tar everyone coming from these backgrounds as opportunistic .
i hear you spend a lot on utilities because you need ac in the day and heat at night so it 's not quite as cheap as it seems .
unfortunately your submissions has been removed from r/art because we noticed it most likely does not comply with rule 1 .
here are our title guidelines see the title formatting guidelines in the sidebar for examples
for digital works the size can either be in pixels or in the intended printed dimension of the work .
please resubmit following the guidelines in the sidebar and if you feel like your post adheres to our subreddit guidelines please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've read on others posts that sometimes if your betta has really long fins the bite them off to move around better .
that 's all i can think with what you 've said .
is n't there a default loot filter that does some highlighting and eventually hides some items ?
i do n't have other pokemon drawings but i did make a mimikyu wallpaper for my phone a while back another imgur link https imgur.com/a/gxg6hwh .
ps audio in boulder co has a pair of infinity irsv loudspeakers in their listening room .
4 cabinets 2 per side 7.5 feet tall 1.2 tons .
all you have to do to hear these incredible speakers is make an appointment .
ich halte das argument kein ewiges wachstum '' an mehreren stellen für suboptimal .
even if you disregard societal expectations around incestual relationships there are very big reasons surrounding them not being okay .
the massive increased chance of genetic disorders and diseases alone should be enough for you to say they are not okay .
maya would be forced to channel manfred so the trial can be done properly .
seeing manfred von karma forced to prosecute in maya 's medium outfit would be a sight to behold .
... one of the games needs to do this idea .
fuck concept-wise it would be interesting if you had a prosecutor who was a spirit medium who channles the actual proscuter
that 's not a sense of humor that 's resignation to ridicule
goats isnt played regularly below at least high diamond just hit diamond and half those games are 3 dps and in plat/gold you still get shit like ana/moira winston/rein or mercy/brig more often than goats comes out .
dps players at lower elo are allergic to playing brig and theres no zarya or lucio players like goats really isnt a problem on ladder unless you 're pretty high up .
this defense has now gone from looking good to elite after the saints game .
this defense isnt going to play to the level of the competition this defense right here is playing for a championship .
you almost have to feel sorry for the remaining offenses that have to see this defensive unit as they are hitting hitting full stride .
this is great really helps to contextualize the lineage texts .
i hope it 's not a colonoscopy because you are n't supposed to have orange red or purple colored foods 2 days before the procedure .
lol oh man i have been here before too and i was contemplating faking a panic attack to get out of it
unless one end of that thing on the dock is tied to the boat then it is a line .
or on the other hand if that thing is sewn into the front of your sail to attach the luff to the boat then it is a rope a bolt rope to be specific .
then there is that little thingy tied to the clapper on a ships bell which is a rope ... .
a 2012 figure put us at 0.72 on sagan 's kardeshev scale .
i doubt much will change with a ten to twenty five percent increase in power .
so you will be looking at more automated first world countries and developing nations will be closer to what the first world currently has.
as others said you only draw it for free .
which is already a free action so i think it 's ok .
remember the times when my graphics card could n't run ac1 .
i was replaying the mission with altaïr stuck in the cave at the beginning with the local environment being all messed up thinking it 's ok .
until i got a new graphics card then it was ok .
whether that 's feasible or not is another question .
livenation pre-sale is the 6th general public is the 8th
this post seems to be from a new secondary or throwaway account with low karma .
use caution when interacting with these types of users as there is no way to verify them .
please refrain from exchanging any personal information and be cautious sharing pictures .
when chatting off reddit try using anonymous chat platforms such as kik .
if you suspect this account of being malicious please pm the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bostonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i got the low honor one because the honor system is bullshit
try velcro strips instead of zip ties probably give you more control over adjustment while also being reusable .
sold to rijkaard to ‘upgrade ' to hierro and hated him .
slow turned like a tank did n't feel like he had m/h work rates .
you made her agree to have sex to your liking and now you 're surprised she never initiates ?
you literally told her you feel pressured so she 's afraid of doing it again .
honestly you need to keep telling her that there 's nothing wrong with wanting sex so much and then initiate with her all the time for a while .
tell her how much you want her how much you miss the awesome sex you used to have how you wish she initiated again etc .
what you said probably made her feel unloved and unwanted so now you have to make sure to make her feel sexy and loved and wanted again .
you will need to be very patient she 'll probably be super sensitive about this topic so just come from a loving place and keep reassuring her that you love and want her
especially with this whole lessons of ww2 '' still lingering around .
i loved doing this in past animal crossing games giving the muscle-head characters the lovely items for example so they talk big but have a pink heart bed to sleep in .
i had a teacher who would n't give up on me until he uncovered my true self and taught me to stand up for what i believe in .
he taught me how to base my moral compass which values matter and which do n't and eventually guided me out of a depressive pit that i had fallen into .
and i owe a majority of who i am today to him his words and his teachings .
b i g d i c k je n g a
mixed feelings for this one the base changes are nice but do n't people who use tectonic slam have their build around high ec sustain ?
why would they want a 65 chance of less clearing power ?
an underrated classic imo as you do n't really hear much about it .
on another note i 'd like to read some hugo would you say his work is harder to get into than tolstoy ?
just played a festival in kauai not too long ago might be time for some new field recordings for my music .
i learned to apply mods asap before doing any other crafting/modding/repairs .
croots and me too i love all the new jordan michigan gear i 've purchased .
i used haunter and countlessly restarted until i was able to poison him from the beginning and then just kept surviving with my pokémon using revive until he died
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a2sou5/has_someone_ever_accidentally_met_a_lost_family .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
in single player you definitely could but i had my line snap when i was trying this on online and i kept the lure .
i do n't have definitive proof since my lines only snapped once but it 's some evidence .
also fishing in online is much easier than single player so it 's not that hard to bring in big fish .
why would anybody bother to use tumblr without porn ?
the person that literally said last season that he can not be lord of anything ends up as king ... .yeah right lets get real .
gods sometimes i wish season 8 comes sooner so we can end these stupid theories for good .
i did n't watch anything after celgames as i had been in a country that kept replaying dragonball from when goku was a kid all the way up to the episode before goku first fights napa .
and all the anime vhs 's that i could find did n't make it up to after the celgames .
greensky is n't on the poll for best jb of the year
seemed worth the commission for a character i love and wanted to share the love here
kafka slang his frozen ropes all over the field every saturday
is n't this the same judge who molested a kid ?
wow this is the type of answer i 'm looking for .
yeah most modern devices come with punch cards readers for exactly this reason .
also was mcconaughey briefed on the mission at all before he left on it ?
it seemed like he did n't understand a single thing about what they were doing out there .
yea i can deal with a total of four minutes getting into a game from boot .
that 's good for a hdd in my opinion .
oh and thanks for the link definitely will try it .
tried just about everything i could think of to solve it too .
huge plate shoulders while galloping round on a trusty steed flinging your shield at enemies and burning them with the light then consecrate the ground and dice them up with your sword .
it 's amazing how much more important the condition of the shower floor becomes after 30/in marriage
i think this is one of those things that most people intuitively know but when you spell it out in the form of a rule or custom it seems foreign .
a lot of people practise this yet would n't think to articulate it as a rule .
there are also aftermarket ones that have different colors and/or text as well .
reverse sexism is assuming someone is being sexist because of their gender
accept that you 'll have to wait a couple hours and then choose to spend those couple hours by driving to a relatively rural dmv and waiting there 60-90 minutes before the doors open .
they did n't give the governor any powers they did n't already have .
that 's not what i 'm talking about and a college degree wo n't mean shit if my business takes off
similar to what you say but on my korean side i can see the difference first hand in each generation .
my uncles and aunts are fairly short while my cousins are all much taller .
and i can see it even more in my cousins kids who are now just reaching their teen years and two of them are already eye to eye with me i 'm a hair shy of 6 foot .
i wo n't be surprised if one of them hits above 6 foot by the time they are fully grown .
this is where the as seen on tv store '' is actually useful
alternatively the weirdest fucking gifts you can find on amazon like a barrel of lube https www.amazon.com/ideal-31-2143-drum-clearglide-lubricant/dp/b00omy2pt4/ref=sr_1_1 ? s=electronics ie=utf8 qid=1543869345 sr=1-1 keywords=barrel+of+lube
i appreciate the advice but i 'm looking for a hassle free quick solution for a remote .
bernie for no other reason than he 's a white guy who they relate to does n't bother me .
only a deranged person would think this is a bad thing
what land and resources do you think will cause wars ?
i found one for sale on the fb marketplace and messaged her just 3 hours after it was posted .
so here 's my theory she can sell one in less than three hours so even if it does n't promise the miracles it promises it can still be used as a plain bassinet .
and i could have easily turned around to resell it for probably 450-500 once i was done .
at that price its a no brainer to me .
edit my theory on pricing it retails for something like 1,160 but you can regularly get them for 30 off .
if you do any small amount of price watching that means you can easily get it for 812 .
on black friday they were selling for something like 40 off which get its to closer to 700 .
you can pretty easily stumble across a discounted price .
i 've watched the used sales market a ton and 600 is a very standard price .
they should experience minimal wear and tear so once its not new there should n't be a huge diminishing value selling it the second time .
i think you could easily fetch 400-500 selling after you 're done .
so we deposit his paycheck directly into our investment account and we live off mine .
but then we also transfer our allowance '' into separate bank accounts .
all family bills get paid out of the main account but if you want to buy something unnecessary and personal you do it out of your monthly allowance . ''
that way we never have to justify our purchases to each other .
as long as it was within your monthly budget allowed for personal spending or you saved up a couple of months to do it no questions asked .
the usa sure has been successful since roe v. wade was decided .
i 've been using the 345 since it is one of the few senior sticks in 65 .
really light stick even the 345 but it has n't held up well .
the shaft is pretty beat up after a month of 2-3 games a week and the toe has split .
i had an easton warrior and true before this and they fared much better with this level of use .
as a non american i barely understand what it is and do n't understand at all why other think it 's so childish/uncool
i 've taken them are out and it wo n't slot into the support .
the ones that do n't know about this group and pay i do n't know how much for grindr/jackd/hornet/insertwhateverapp monthly get 120 guys within 15 miles and half of them are escorts men transwomen .
it 's an alternative and it works for some that 's all .
my philosophy is that we broke up for a reason and that reason is good enough for me never wanting to see that person again
definitely just thought the throw was a little late .
the ice was already broken when they got it .
arsenal played out of their skin and beat us by 2 goals in the same fixture last season so its nothing new .
but yeah they came off a midweek rest kids in europa while we ground out a win over inter
bledsoe did not play decent and who gives a fuck if brogdon won roy ?
so did mcw it means nothing except that you had a great a roy which brogdon only won because the top 2 picks that year were hurt
tumalo mountain is a good hike and has amazing views at the top .
but we ca n't be soft on crime and let those thugs get away with it !
another intellectual that uses mk2 parts the 'incorrect ' way around .
lol my dad just sent me this song was the first time i 've heard it since childhood
i got his full kit via free summons too weird shit
im sure a lot of them do and im sure a lot of them genuinely just work out a lot and eat well but its hard to tell .
if they have prominent muscle theyre probably actually healthy but thats just my guess/opinion because people with eds that restrict would have a harder time gaining muscle at a caloric deficit .
i know exactly how it works though i 'll confess i do n't know how regulators will try to define it .
that can change at any time because regulations are independent of bitcoins technology
i have a pair i 've worn all over the country hiking through the appalachian mountains and walked around nyc in the winter on the east coast to riding sand dunes in cali in the west coast and everywhere in between .
held up through all kinds of shit and only thing i had to replace were the laces .
i know you said you do n't like clear cases but these are really good for drop protection https case-mate.com/clear-tough-google-pixel3
if not it 's ok because i either not got in school .
but in aikido within a year i 've changed alot .
sure the back rolling still not works to me and free fall yet but rolling shikko front falling side falling works .
and in february i prepare for 6th kyu rank .
ok so aikido really good for beginners though as start for martial arts learn .
but note not all master good and do n't attempt to learn from videos not the same like learning from a irl sensei and youtube not gives you uke your partner who you practice on to train on but if want advanced you can try systema too .
it 's a russian martial art similiar at some cases like krav nagal but interesting you 're welcome and thanks
if he actually went through it i wonder how the fans would 've reacted .
if i had gotten it when it released i would n't have upgraded to the 1080 .
is n't it capable to drive current titles with acceptable quality and framerates ?
some fans do n't but overall the fan base and the organization do .
a small minority of fan had been calling for all three of those men 's heads for years before the majority of the fan base finally turned against them .
some would argue the organization moves to slow but compared to a lot of other fan bases we are far less fickle when it comes to coaches .
lucky me nobody has the same name as i have .
i 'd just need to say my name is first name last name ''
while i respect your principles boycotting cn companies is not going to hurt the cn government .
you would probably do more damage for example spreading news that the cn government really does not want its citizens to read about or translating foreign news into chinese .
i mean for that type of game it looks pretty harmless and may not even be terrible but as i do n't know any young children or uni students i ca n't think of any social situation where i 'll end up getting it out of the plastic .
here 's a sneak peek of r/mensrights using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/mensrights/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 because it 's okay when they do it to us https i.redd.it/cwmz4gs5jmf01.jpg 789 comments https np.reddit.com/r/mensrights/comments/7wucv7/because_its_okay_when_they_do_it_to_us
2 uk innocent student wrongly accused of rape calls for anonymity for sex assault defendants until they are found guilty .
3 demi lovato 's funniest prank was sexually assaulting a man https imgur.com/hfq7rre 695 comments https np.reddit.com/r/mensrights/comments/8o8rt5/demi_lovatos_funniest_prank_was_sexually
people also need to realize early tabi fucks riven from snowballing unless she 's roaming .
people need to stop cookie cutter builds and build to the lane .
what would you recommend for me to improve on ?
while i want to sell my art i do n't think it 's good enough to be sold but i want to improve so i can sell it .
the idea that people should just hop onto a wave or get with the program because everyone is doing it is dumb .
that is how genres die or waves become burnt out .
now i 'm not saying that hiphop as a genre will die but there is a different type of rap music that one would consider eminem and say chief keef .
every one of these little 'sub-genres ' have its place and eminem should n't give that up just because 'this ' wave is in now .
also a lot of people on hhh gets triggered and massively offended because some youngin 's really are bad-mouthed about .
eminem comes from a different era of rap where some of these rappers would n't even be taken seriously and i honestly do n't think some of these rappers should n't be .
but then people will call you an oldhead as if that 's an insult lmfao and these days i hardly listen to 90 older rap .
if anything i am a fan of this gen rap and finding quality music is up to you but let\s not act like some of these people make a mockery of rap .
idgaf what people say and i can be downvoted all i like but the acts like migos chief keef etc .
personally i think eminem should just retire and quit rapping because he really do n't have much shit to say anymore but oh man .
edit although i will add that some of these rappers also are known for making a wave .
you can not deny the influence of someone like chief keef even i see it .
but ... but i can just read those on my phone !
or how many san diego people are tuning in week by week
objectively the wizards should have been doming eachother with guns since apparently muggle weapons are just as effective against wizards .
for some reason blood bank '' crushes me more especially
matched any of the names we knew on the tags
ai n't this just like the present to be showing up like this ? ''
i looking for knowledge of using computers set up an account so i could learn from them .
of course thank you for your feedback i appreciate it very much
and there 's a good chance that is n't the case 24 hours from now .
we get it the west is close we do n't need an update every day .
and the offense performing well against top tier defenses .
offense was n't so hot against teams with the word michigan '' in their name this year .
a person also commented something about this ... it seems a little overboard .
i do n't like you so i 'm going to risk a criminal charge and expulsion from my expensive ass college !
they walk into a brothel and wonder how they ended up at the docks at low tide ... ..
i still have skyrim and gta5 taped on my bedroom wall in my parents house too
oh my gosh thank you this actually really helps .
i was so lost about what i should do .
man i really should have studied earlier but hey i 've got ta get this essay done tonight i can probably wing it
i think you are getting a little dicey with the fruit .
fermented garlic peppers onions carrots though is hard to mess up
a reminder the former head of the cia supposedly got conned by a single kuwaiti operative that there were atrocities in kuwait by iraq leading up to the first gulf war .
setting dominoes that we 're still dealing with two decades later including the destruction of a country more than 100000 civilians dead and a more unstable middle east .
this is not what anxiety is like for me ... at all .
anxiety is know you 're right and thinking you 're wrong .
its craving attention but feeling as if its undeserved .
its thinking your whole life has been an act and everyone recognizes it .
its makes you question the authenticity of everything you do to the point where you ca n't even tell who you are .
feeling awkward '' makes you quirky not clinically anxious .
this joke is just bad and i dont like it .
sorry for the rant this just hit me at the wrong time .
no i 'm a dps but any mistake i make my tank will hound me about it nonstop
my fc has people that sometimes dont make it .
they have 8 people but some skip out alot and i 'm always home every other wesdnay and every other friday .
yes please but it can come from there if you 'd like .
it 's going to be a few years before we are even ready to start talking about competing .
so you ca n't start do no evil either ?
the wiki says if youve done diamond and stolen hearts she should be at draynor .
when you say but when i talk to the mummy leela is talking to '' do you mean she pops up in conversation without actually being there ?
p e r f e c t i o n
it really vindicates the decision toward the end of last season to say fuck it on trying to salvage the season and instead just starting to lay the groundwork for this season .
i hope she 's got some serious protection going on for her and her family .
i tried to get it but could n't break 0 competitive points .
so yeah crucible is something i 'll probably never touch again because you ca n't get away from or compete with luna .
i 'm from a place that 's 700 ' and when i go skiing to towns that are 8-10k feet i certainly notice a shortness of breath .
hey i need the same trade we can do it
t-mobile in any major city is gon na be good .
when you have vwz who wants to cover rural and less dense area is when you 're paying for the socialized cost to cover the few and far inbetween .
once you finish the engine then fix up the car and take it to get inspected you need the orange triangle from the shed .
or at least that 's where i think it is .
reminds me of the meme a rifle or machine gun ca n't remember bow firing swords yr argument is invalid .
i smoked a bunch of country style pork ribs tonight .
i usually finish them in a little bit of cider but tonight i used a little bit of bbq sauce mixed in miller lite and it turned out good
i drive to a further away t belly for this very reason .
high ground and make it so no one is ever behind you .
not really sure how many wins you consider good .
druids get to swap out their spells every long rest .
pick whatever you think looks interesting and if it 's not as useful as you thought swap it out .
not when the dump off is shit and there 's two guys there waiting .
and certainly if the alternative is a few extra nights at your hotel in manhattan .
well first problem is you do n't make mashed potatoes with mayonnaise no wonder you did n't like it .
normally mashes made with butter cream salt and pepper..sour cream is also great in mashers
awesome thanks for looking this up about 242 hours by road then .
ohh i see ... but it 's still damn scary and could go worse ...
i used to think i was n't actually boring just quiet .
but then i started to consider that i might actually be pretty boring in addition to being quiet .
i think im boring to interact with but me as a person deep down am not boring .
i have quite a lot going on in my mind and i am passionate and opinionated about a lot of things .
i usually say i do n't know '' when people ask me my opinions or i act like a just do n't care which probably makes me seem really really boring .
its actually just a way for me to avoid talking because anxiety .
but i 've learned that it 's fine i will get to know the people who i 'm meant to get to know and they will see the real me .
i prefer a solid dildo and a separate vibrator .
you claimed that youtube is a poor research tool and nobody has any idea about the philosophical history of the west .
i 've been trying to learn as much about the philosophical history of the west as possible recently because i believe quite strongly in the concept of the ‘god-shaped hole ' and then i get this smarmy twat saying books are the only way .
man i thought you were all brothers and was really confused until the last line .
as i write this she has a 57 win rate which is n't very broken to me .
that 's pretty standard for a card you would consider in meta right now .
this is so sad how do i do that lol
most of them are male married to former byu students who drop out for babies or to put him through school .
that means they are probably marrying closer to the end of their schooling career which puts them at 24 or 25 .
one person told me the average age of marriage for a male byu student was 23 or 24 .
it does not seem that the one year to marriage after mission is very common .
when the song was written what 's in this drink '' was a joke that the devil was actually kind of weak .
the 2nd one was i out to say no no no '' meaning she had a social obligation to say no but she was n't .
she was saying that she should say no only because others expect it .
i would n't try to be friends after the one christmas dinner would be our last contact .
yeah i 'd choose to be the one who is uncomfortable .
if i knew it would help i would n't even think about it .
the issue is that i do n't know whether it would help or make him more miserable .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/a2oemd was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
this is mostly to offset the lack of land as wide empires still get an advantage in having a big economy .
the technologies could be made rarer with a higher chance of spawning if you have a large of your population directly in research jobs i 'm assuming the game can read your total jobs and jobs in science to create a dynamic weight each time it spawns your techs or the number of science buildings you have vs total buildable building slots as a small empire will statistically have more of its pops in research than a big one .
also is tech scaling entirely gone in 2.2 then ?
currently having loads of pops/colonies will bloat research times alot which is basically the only mechanical benefit to going 'tall ' instead right now .
it happens in other big cities on the east coast as well .
just like you it freaked me out when i encountered it .
now i still dont like it but i understand that driving cultures differ .
like if someone is doing the flashers-on-lane-block on the other side of the road and that side 's drivers are trapped behind them i used to not care and ride the double yellow like this is my side of the road .
now i understand that in city life its a fluid situation and you flex and give and take so that things run smoothly .
because they would have won just 1 less cl ?
people would still remember his barca as one of the greatest teams of all time .
i have 2 of them in a deck with silenteye.. haha i always tot silenteye is girl but magna as guy hahaha
there was a riot on the streets tell me where were you ?
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
this is actually a full name of the program .
i guess it helps understanding for people who have the same curiosity like you had .
go watch the video on the arsenal youtube channel from over the summer when they went to visit a bird sanctuary
would n't need to rotate the camera to offset it just need to move the horizon from the upper half to the lower .
the point is that often lens characteristics are not noted in the photos which give feers opportunity to discount the image as proof .
the money you put in does n't roll over to the new year if you do n't spend it on getting sick or check ups .
however are you sure that it 's チ ー ト and not チ ト ?
the vertical image makes me think it should be チ ト
sorry for my non-existent knowledge of katakana if you 're sure i 'll take your word for it .
anon should report her and gain that sweet sweet irs payout .
replace text repeat item with magic variable from the get dictionary value above
why is mizzell getting so much play time as of late ?
i feel like he is hurting us more than helping .
it would be amazing if it was the whole wall !
he was a ruthless dictator and a lot of people died becuase of him
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
what 's the big play with the tarrif news ?
i do n't think abuse victims owe their abusers anything nor do i think they 're obligated to give a shit about their life .
op should n't have killed him not because he would n't have deserved it but because he is n't worth op losing her freedom and future to him .
he took enough the best thing she can do is break free and live her life to the fullest .
i do n't think there 's going to be any episodes just the comic which is on issue 3 now i think
damn no wonder i was losing my brother when i called him.. thank you
there is unfortunately nothing you can do to enforce the custody agreement out of court if bm is uncooperative especially since the visitation is over skype rather than in person .
we do n't know the details of the sample rate conversion library but i 'm guessing you are using the one-shot '' method which works fine when you have the entire signal .
since the number of output samples per buffer is fixed 1024 look for something that works like this
you tell the library i need 1024 output samples ''
the library tells you feed me n samples '' .
n may differ for each call because 1024**playback_rate may not be an integer .
you then call the actual conversion function with n input samples .
you would request 1024 output samples then the library calls your callback function requesting n input samples .
with our lad we either distract him or give him a bit more food .
if it persists for more than a couple of days go to the vet .
i was 17 the first time i saw tool !
was this the lateralus tour or the inside the outside tour by chance ?
because they live at home and ca n't afford to move out .
we live in a economic system that is perpetually trying to squeeze as much out of us as possible .
you should n't be looking down on your peers for spending their money on something they can enjoy .
if they live at home that means they can save even more money because rent has now been eliminated from their budget which is 25-40 of most peoples expenses .
i 'm not looking down on these people i 'm just calling out their hypocritical behavior and trying to explain how they 're making poor financial decisions .
spending 30,000 on a car when you make 18/hr is n't smart it does n't matter how much they enjoy it .
if they want to be broke and enjoy things that 's completely fine but many of these people will complain about how hard it is to get ahead financially and how expensive things are .
i killed myself for my home and i kill myself daily to keep it .
i get why my friends dint want to take the route i did .
my friend bought a cheap home too it was a smart move by him .
you have to work yourself up in the world you do n't deserve expensive houses and cars at a young age which is what a lot of people do n't believe .
why would anyone think this when the most culpable people in our system always get off ?
you have completely missed the entire point of my post if you actually think this .
lastly if you live in an urban center which most people do its fucking hard to save .
shopping at no frills or whatever bullshit penny saving ideas you have wo n't help much .
the bottom line is people are n't paid enough .
yeah saving half of your expenses on food wo n't save you much money being frugal is totally a dumb move you should not try to find deals and pay less for things that 's stupid right ?
your mentality is exactly my point i offer one way to eliminate hundreds of dollars a year in food expenses and all you do is scoff at it .
instead of spending 50 a week on food you should ignore financial advice go to expensive grocery stores and spend 100 .
i do n't know if you can do math but that adds up over time .
i am talking about people who get paid more money .
there 's people who make 50k a year and still complain about money for the reasons i outlined above .
you think giving them more money solves the problem ?
you think they just wo n't buy more expensive cars and eat out more and spend more ?
they already do that with a decent income when they should n't .
seems like a lot more than just footstep noises are broken as of now .
had a v-1 land on an objective yesterday and could n't hear the damn thing until a second before it cut the engine to descend into the objective .
normally i can hear the damn things flying across the map but this one was like a stealth v-1
the idea that women could only be out looking for daddies '' is yucky .
the fact this woman assumed and said that about them without knowing .
it is not at all comparable to looking for a wife '' particularly if you define it yourself that way
if this prequel does happen and they 're wearing fucking cowboy outfits for the cover .
pc is way more expensive up front but the price of games on sale and the price of online services free push it over consoles in my opinion at least if you plan on playing a lot of games .
you do n't need to upgrade your pc every year especially considering how many classic titles are available on pc that you can play now .
get your ass up get a job or education if you 're still school age and get out .
i was in the same situation so i got up one day and decided to change their perspective of me .
i went back to school and 1 month later had my ged i was a dropout got a minimum wage job stocking groceries moved out 2 months later moved up to 9 an hour being cashier about a week after that then in another month or so i was assistant manager at this point was the first time my dad ever said he was proud of me .
and went on 4 months later to become the store manager .
to celebrate i went and bought a 40k dollar 64.5 mustang my dad 's dream car and the only times i drove it was going to a place he would be .
here i am 2 years later from the start of my journey and i 'm about to move to area manger making 130k a year just waiting for the guy 's retirement to hit in 2-3 weeks .
now the same people that were talking shit are asking to borrow money .
get off your ass and change what people think of you ...
... unless they are talking shit because you 're ugly ... you ca n't fix ugly ... .
je réponds ptet un peu à côté mais attention quand on mets un pc à dispo pour un usage collaboratif surtout en professionnel la question de la sécurité du bouzin est fondamentale .
tout le monde se lave pas les mains avant d'y brancher son zigouigouigoui .
pretty sure this is relevant if your service works in an area with volunteers
i always just throw a random mix of different strains each day and sometimes i add kava too and that 's a nice booster
the cheshire cat would definitely fit with my dream about kemistreekat
yeah this is n't cursed if you consider sexual humor cursed then ... you may be a bit confused .
yeah you wake up like you just lived another life its weird .
i ca n't even take that seriously no way people actually talk like that .
lol 2000 for coins.. imagine that 500 gp cash stack will turn into 1m drop .. lol no point
so if you accumulate a certain amount of afk ones within say 3-5 matches .
you 'll get a few days ban from gambit .
i sent you a message on ps id dariolos642 .
i ate all the sushi i wanted throughout my pregnancy which was quite a lot .
i could not book a massage though as all the massage places i contacted had a rule against serving pregnant women .
really would have appreciated a nice massage during the third trimester !
i 'm in the opposite of this situation i 've been farming fgo for days i only login to al for rewards ...
there are social groups that welcome new friends then there are groups that make it difficult .
it 's important to understand that a good group of friends would do whatever is in their power to welcome the newcomer .
i have been warmly welcomed into new circles but also given the cold shoulder in other ones .
if you are usually pretty social and people generally like you i would n't jump to conclusions .
when people in closely knit circles are cold i generally feel out which ones are more open to 1 on 1 conversations while still in group setting and strike up easy conversations and get a ball rolling .
once it gets going a couple other people would usually join in .
you know it 's a difficult group when someone takes your topic and tangents rather quickly .
you also know it 's a difficult group if they are warm with each other and cold with you for no apparent reason .
there is n't a need to join every social circle it should n't feel like you did something wrong off the bat .
you should feel welcome even if you are awkward and shy or nervous .
i saw them a couple months ago open for the varukers and i was n't all that impressed sadly .
the only canadian comedian i can think of right now is brent butt .
so on a post where bob quinn gets praise for avoiding shitty people you think bob quinn will sign ... . frank clark ?
the pics on the scale were probably taken on the same day morning and night ...
common questions can be answered via search bar or faq r/askwomen/w/index .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https old.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/9xnjse was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
if you ask him on twitter he 'd probably tell you .
or is a picture book instead of a chapter book ?
he 's so wise he can prove he 's not a god even though he clearly is . ''
well it does n't make sense to me but i 'm not the omnipotent one . ''
so wait ... you mean if i had giru on the field and attacked and comboed a card with giru giru itself would gain 10k .
i thought if i attacked with my leader and used it as a combo my leader would gain 10k ... . in fact scrap that i know what you mean now
this post was removed because you have a new account and we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
once your account is a certain age this will no longer happen .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated do n't delete it .
send a message to the mods with a link to your removed post .
you must contact the mods to reinstate your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/prisonarchitect if you have any questions or concerns .
you know what we used to do to these people back in nam ' ?
interesting thought the nfl has been streaming games on amazon prime .
no idea what the subscriber/watcher rate is but could be a good fit for them .
i binged all the netflix lucha underground and loved it .
would have been even better to have regular updates to it
why not just stop working on pvp and other important changes to spend weeks designing 20 loading screens that will just confuse their users every time they pop up because there 's no consistency ''
here 's the build in its full glory https youtu.be/y_ljvcflibe
probably the most in famous build the game has ever had however it really shows how much faster the game has gotten .
even with a headhunter mirrored gear and arguably the most overpowered build in the game at that point the clear speed is still bad compared to day two characters these days .
also i just had flashbacks to the days of no loot filters watching that video again .
the way the law was written is their downfall .
in the past when a company was warned that they did n't declare everything that is carcinogenic they had some time to make the correction and the lawsuits did n't proceed .
that changed a few years back when ca got rid of that safe '' time to make the corrections and announcements .
as a result it 's cheaper to label everything whether or not it 's carcinogenic with the cancer label to preemptively ignore the lawyers .
mine works with a case if i set it a certain way .
i think if you take out this episode and intro to felt surrogacy '' season 4 is n't that bad .
it was out on my netflix at the time i wrote this .
exactly it can work with bigger numbers just one byte at a time .
same today most of our cpus are 32-bit or 64-bit but it 's easy to work with much larger numbers and in fact it 's quite common to do so for things like cryptography .
looking spiffy any woman would be so proud to be your arm candy
part of me fantisizes about writing a book about the civil war as a collection like this culminating in the second constitutional convention and some tales about life under browder .
i think i could hammer out at least enough for a small novel .
how are you gon na put this on there if it gets top
i like your username treerabbit haha and yes get that in a better pot
there are a few solutions for privacy now and there will be more in the future .
when you 're hungry you stop caring about where you eat yes .
honestly i go food hunting every week and i avoid restaurants .
it 's not really a 'hunger ' thing for me lol .
but there 's more uncleared tables at hawker centres and it does make the eating experience mildly unpleasant .
i honestly do n't feel it 's that unpleasant .
maybe it 's annoying during weekday lunch in the cbd when i ca n't find seats .
although i wo n't disagree that the atmosphere in a restaurant can be better easier to find seats larger seats maybe cleaner etc .
but it 's not really a big factor in my consideration of where i 'd like to eat .
i dunno i never had a problem with hawkers i mean you eat at the places u like lah .
it 's real funny also because when other people visit singapore they want us to bring them to the hawkers and not some hipster restaurant .
alright calm down there trunchbull a suspension will do the trick
damn i read that as angelina and thought i missed a special episode or something
so many of my girl friends cried when spider man died
because augments about white pride '' almost never happen in good faith and are almost always only had to discuss why white people are somehow genetically and socially superior to people of colour .
i think the stories of the zones are great which is not to say leveling itself is great .
like everything else in bfa it 's grindy and it takes way longer than it should .
the amount of filler sidequests in the bfa zones is insane and you have to do a fair amount of them to hit 120 .
zzbq276f my friend code bro and sorry for the delay i totally forgot
iono the renaissance specs could be dried up here .
there are 0 city of brass and the erhnams are 40 .
these are most likely held by people who have speced into mtg old school i do n't think they have the legs for additional growth .
old school growth is limited by power 9 or worse people being cheap .
why buy a 40 fbb city of brass when you a 5.00 one same with erhnam except 0.10 .
if you 're playing a tiered deck you need power if you 're not go with cheap white boarders .
mostly trees this weekend may try to hit the park if my legs can handle it first time out this year
well the problem with that though is the lady who died did n't die from being hit by a car .
she infact died in her own car of a heart attack as the protestets were attacking her car .
they try so hard to be satirical then fall for satire
he does n't have a clue what any of that does and ca n't even figure out how to change the name of a variable in the script he 's copying .
after thinking about it is earth the largest solid object in the solar system ?
i marked it with spoiler but it may be a little bit too late now lol
ca n't people own guns because they 're fun ?
it is by far the most acceptable reason to own them .
and here 's some sliders you can play with https www.desmos.com/calculator/6q4c8uhnzm
273 celsius wind chill can be achieved with 200 km/hr winds at only 170 c !
we just do n't get what you want though .
you bought the game play it yourself and see how you go .
honestly one of the best feelings int he world is enjoying something that you had your doubts about .
hell i bought this game thinking there was a good chance i would n't like it but i 'm a week in and ca n't wait to get home to play .
he got all upset and cried when they partially covered his tattoo .
what you 've never had a bishop up your ... oh wait i was brought up catholic .
while this is a very sound reply i also understand op it is so hard to do this sometimes .
sos who are not fully on board the backlash of drama from the whole family .
it feels easier to roll with the punches even when you know that is what mil is counting on .
to have some energy left you pick your battles slowely inching towards no contact .
in best case scenario we would all kick the mils out before shit happens and i fully agree with you it should happen .
best of luck op shine that spine one incident at a time .
i do n't think it 's fair to say he does n't give a fuck .
he just ran over a biker after being attacked and boxed in .
he was probably scared shitless and running on adrenaline at that point .
if you use an action replay with a game does n't it restrict the game from online use ?
how would you trade your pokémon without using online ?
i remember it was like 1.37 per gallon when i first was able to notice money prices and has only gone up to about 3 dollars a gallon now ...
really appreciate what you do for this niche community .
i feel like this raises more questions than it answers for me lol .
i do n't know anyone from chicago who has an accent like that .
what size company if you do n't mind me asking ?
i 've been using the 3.6 beta and it 's been great .
i went into this last fall semester without any really close friends now i 've got three incredibly close loving supportive women in my life and i could n't possibly be happier to be their friend .
i went through a bad breakup two years ago and have finally come to the point on my journey of self-discovery where i realize i do n't need to hold back my love for people anymore and it 's quite honestly euphoric sometimes .
the gators only eat them if they 're alive so when they die lasso them and drag them to the pigs which will only eat them when they 're dead
if your dog breaks out of the smith built one then it is very likely that they will injure themselves on the next crate .
on a slightly separate note your dog might have some separation anxiety and not been crate trained through the proper protocols
no one is obligated to accept moral realism but that does n't mean we can pretend it does n't exist or is invalid because it does n't suit us either .
if i recall from an earlier post you live in manchester ?
i used the health club early on to try and get sober .
the strength training got me the strength to get 100 sober .
the bloated face came off and my body quickly recovered in about a week or two after decades of drinking .
i did pack some weight on for awhile after i stopped due to over working out .
went to the doctor who told me to lose a few pounds .
dropped from 215 pounds down to 174 pounds 5'10 '' or so .
the exercise really helps after a few months of sobriety and healthy eating .
the toned body and mind provides you all of the energy you ever will need so i highly recommend a good workout routine even 20-30 minutes 4x a week i do more and use alot of heat treatment because i love it .
i can already hear bryan alvarez having a meltdown over this week 's episode
i 'm not sure what you do for a living but you could probably make more selling those .
no doubt there are skeptics in every church who believe or do n't to different extents .
your friend is like thought policing you and it 's super weird .
i grow gmo crops the definitely make fertile seeds .
second of all many farmers choose to buy new seeds anyway because it 's a lot cheaper to pay a few bucks for seeds than it is to spend a ton of labour separating seeds .
only problem i see is the wire you use for fcaw .
you need 309l to weld mild steel to stainless .
that is if that is stainless and not chromed steel .
if you were a bologna sandwich what kind of bread would you be ?
no there is no such standard as of yet .
i 've thought about formulating such a standard actually but the issue is the notation is n't really all that useful unless you have software that can import export games .
i know the wargameroom implementation has the ability to view recorded games but only in its undocumented and unreadable format .
and the playdek implementation has somehow not added the feature to import export games even though doing so would clearly be trivial for them essentially the feature exists but were are not allowed to make use of it .
of course you could argue such a notation still has a use for a physical board which is true i suppose but then the notation designer has to strike a fine balance between consistency and human-readability .
for instance writing out entire country names is rather impractical and yet there 's no clear alternative for identifying countries international country codes do n't work because certain territories are fictional e.g .
likewise abbreviation for cards is common but rather inconsistent and while each card does have its own number no human has all numbers memorized so it 's not really possible to recreate the game without outside resources which is unfortunate .
alexa and bayley really need to stop being involved in the same segment .
basically that was the premise of a stunt at the hammerstein victorian theatre in new york in 1907 .
the theatre offered 1,000.00 to anyone who could get sober sue to crack a smile .
during the intermission of whatever show happened to be playing at the time sober sue would appear on stage and you could tell your best jokes and funniest stories trying to get her to laugh .
all summer long people tried and could n't do it .
word got out and even the professional comedians showed up .
some of the biggest stars of the day would come on stage and give it their best and true to her name sober sue just would n't crack a smile .
crowds got bigger not for the stage show but for the intermission to see if anybody could get sue to even smile .
so the offer was extended into the fall and finally as winter approached they took the sign down and the offer came to an end .
later it was revealed why nobody was able to get sober sue to even smile .
sue could n't laugh or even smile if she wanted to .
and the whole thing was a scam to get the best comedians to appear at the theatre and basically do their act for free .
yeah i thought it was normal for married couples to yell/assault each other daily .
36 and finally got my shit together this year and saw a psychiatrist .
it makes me really sad i 'm worried a lot of the artists i follow are going to leave and i do n't know where peeps are gon na go
i 'm bored and stepping out and it 's your fault '' is what it sounds like she is saying .
parenthood 30s and mid career can make some feel trapped/stressed but that is no excuse to put your marriage at risk .
here https youtu.be/xvgaulipbou is his channel if you 'd like to see more of his creations .
he puts a lot of time and dedication into his work and they 're crazy good .
see if someone deleted the page and it 's in the recycle bin
tumblr did something no other service has ever come close to for me .
it delivered an endless stream of new free porn on demand curated to my tastes .
i 'm not expecting a replacement will come any time soon either because of the troubles of monetizing a service with so much porn traffic .
most likely this marks a return to a style of porn consumption that requires much more work .
you will have to follow the content creators now scattered to the winds and see who has something new today .
there 's also the old option of finding a service that has tons of content and searching it there will be enough archived stuff so that something will always feel new even if you have to dig deeper into a search each time or find new search terms .
but in any event it wo n't be automatic anymore .
harder porn consumption means less consumption for better or worse .
there 's also a real sense of deplatforming for some more marginalized groups or kinks .
we went through this recently with craigslist and similar personals sites shutting down in response to new legislation in the us .
the fewer of us in any given group the more that we feel the loss of a single platform .
tumblr really expanded kink horizons for many and also connected many of us and we may not get that again for quite some time .
perspective it 's just porn '' and cutting back may even be healthy for many .
still it 's a loss and i did n't want to let it pass without commenting on that .
asking to be put on a cancellation list almost guarantees you 'll be seen sooner the more willing you are to drop everything the better as people cancel last minute all the time .
minus missing that sitter in the wc final he has done everything he wants to do with his career .
remember the hype they created from making us wait months for lr vb ?
i think a lot of your names are not distinctive enough from you daughter 's name .
here are a few others with sounds distinct from your kid 's names
read that in christian bale and heath ledger 's voices .
then i read it in adam west and cesar romero 's voices .
probably because of the multiple misogynistic scandles they had this year .
they 're on the league subreddit if you want to read them
you 're describing the majority of americans who voted for trump and clinton .
political news gets higher ratings than usual right now because things are so wild but most people would rather watch this is us and call it a night .
this sub gets so consumed that it 's impossible to have an actual dialog about anything .
it 's just people trying to one up each other in their hatred of anyone who disagrees .
your comment has been removed for the following reason s
rather than reply to your own post either reply to the comment you 're replying to or edit your post to put the information there .
if after doing so you believe this was in error or you 've edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legaladvice if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like you have to be american to really love this movie .
a girlfriend of 5 years blocked me on everything while i 'm on the other side of the world .
not much i can/could do ca n't move forward ca n't look back .
how many fumble fakeouts can we possibly rattle off on one drive ?
god bless them they obiously do n't understand that if they bomb their past selves their current selves will cese to exist .
i 'm sure if you have to pay for a spot the complex has a towing service that works for them in these situations .
no sing in a funny voice or sing a funny song .
she 'd sing well but with just enough nuance that it was funny .
i was borderline at 190 and after my latest test i was down to 144 .
i know this is anecdotal but it is my truth .
i do n't like them until they hit their late 30s
i used to do this myself but in really tight braids .
i did it before picture day one year and my mom made me retake the picture .
looking back i do n't blame her i looked like a poodle .
i have straight flat hair and always loved big curly hair .
i remember the huge crane with hook on the top of the rocket idea .
fwiw for a different perspective ravens fan bell is still the most talented back in the league imo .
so well rounded and churns out positive runs constantly .
eats away at a defense and rarely takes drive killing losses
there is not one pic of liz on her ig account with her in a bikini .
i used to always be tired and sleep constantly .
my then boyfriend would call me lazy and complain about my wanting to sleep .
i eventually learned that i was severely anemic due to a chronic illness that was n't diagnosed until several years later .
she may also just be tired because she has a 2-year-old .
he reads them he just does n't respond or maybe he has a burner account and acts like a viewer in the comments
i agree with the long clubs in tour 6 .
i had the same bag but swapped out the guardian for the bd and could win over 60 of the time 👍🏼
when eating spawning salmon bears will specifically target females and only eat the eggs .
liliana the last hope mythic edition have prerelease foil to trade back if need be
flooded strand x4 have ktk pack foils and normal to trade top interest
scalding tarn have zen pack foil to trade back if need be x2
mother of runes ema pack foil x2 or ul x4
swords to plowshares old border fnm foil x4 have signed ftv to trade back if you want
the value is based on total amount and power of the effects so for cash farming purity is a no go
does anybody else not really care about making it into the playoffs while we struggle ?
i mean it 's not like we are going to make a deep run or anything .
i feel like just barely squeaking into the playoffs is only going to set us up for more disappointment .
now if we win out the rest of our games and really start to come together that 's a different story .
it 's just hard to be optimistic right now when we ca n't hold our own .
also the freeze nades stun power and powerful ability to proc zedtime definitely boost sharpshooter to be at least as good as gunslinger .
i more criticized the kid for throwing dabo out there than i actually criticized dabo .
ca n't put both barrels to their forehead from 10 yards out
not me but a guy in my flight during bmt .
it 's about week three iirc and we 're going over boring ass ucmj and afi shit .
ti asked if anyone had any questions and trainee x raised his hand stood up and said sir trainee x reports as when the ti cuts him off and yells trainee !
! he replied sir trainee x reports as ordered umm..
almost everyone had turned red trying not to laugh .
if you care that much you can replace the r on reddit in the url for a c and often times that shows you the deleted comment .
so i dont think you will be as lost .
plus ff14 has a novice network and some training for beginners that explains the mechanics of the game .
just know that ff14 is a subscription based game that requires a monthly sub .
you can play the free version up to level 35 though and upgrade to the full version if you like it .
it is a very good mmo with a pretty good story as well .
a little bath in oa oxalic acid and some rust inhibitor afterwards shall do the trick !
i got a nice weekend project if i get to it !
pissing people off '' does n't broadly correlate to a lot of toxic and damaging behavior ... men harassing and assaulting women however does .
there are a combination of factors and it 's not always possible to address everything in one post .
there have been meaningful forms of character progression outside of gearing such as attunements which have been left behind .
you can find all the progression you would have to go through during tbc on various different graphics .
the closest we come to attunements in bfa is to do the war campaign and the rastakhan achievement .
i 'm just doing a quick response but i 'm sure i could come up with more forms of character progression than just attunements too .
previously you could purchase pvp gear from vendors and to my knowledge bfa has singularly failed in this regard .
every real way to get loot you actually want is a lootbox and due to titanforging we ca n't just grind content for gear we want and then say it 's done . ''
the combination of titanforging and the number of slot machine gear drops in the game is problematic but you 're right i do have a problem with ml/pl something i was open about in my post .
potentially having repeatable content that makes you feel compelled to do td 10 over and over again to get a 1h weapon is also a contributing factor .
according to this post https www.wowhead.com/news=288123/patch-8-1-ptr-build-28202-azerite-impurity-vendor-for-dungeon-azerite-armor on wowhead it should take 2-3 weeks to get a random piece of mythic quality gear in a slot and as we know there is a great deal of variance to the trait system such that getting a random piece is not worth it .
to get a specific piece that you want will take about 6 weeks meaning that it would take 18 weeks to get all of your pieces deterministically from m .
assuming you get no pieces from raiding which is unlikely i admit 18 weeks is the length of the entirety of patch 8.0 .
in addition i read another wowhead post https www.wowhead.com/news=288029/mythic-azerite-armor-and-weekly-chest-changes-in-tides-of-vengeance which i recommend you also read that stated that azerite gear would be removed as a potential drop from the cache .
when azerite gear is the only thing offered to replace artefact weapons tier sets and legendaries and is also a treadmill that must be reset and scaled up every patch cycle this vendor fix does not feel like enough .
well i 'm glad i live near a million factories and buildings that keep their lights on all night every night .
his other 2 on funk flex were way better but the dj gave him some weak shit cmon man
the best battlefield ever in my opinion despite the bugs .
yeah i made the team based on if black is the leader .
str vegito blue is better you can use the phy one until you dokkan awaken the str .
your process yeast and fermenting conditions will have a much greater effect on the taste of your mead than the honey itself .
pretty sure honey is all in the same price range it 's not like some guy has a super secret discount honey .
have you started with a google for milwaukee honey ?
that depends on what you 're buying and how often you 're going .
she is not a 9 year old mom ! !
she is a 112 year old vampire get with the program !
oh i do n't hate them at all have bought half the store i think since they put one in my town .
do n't understand why all of the sudden they have 50 brand '' names now though ... .
your post was removed for containing a link that is not within the whitelist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fashionreps if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's why you put your gravy in a mug with some bread and butter to dip into it .
giving you a gift that will cost you money and time is no gift at all .
now in my case my first house was a fixer but i was totally into diy and loved the process .
if you are n't into learning construction and home renovation and do n't have the time/money then this house is nothing but a burden .
depending on the values of the homes in the neighborhood i 'm sure a house flipper would be interested .
niin top 10 valittaa että top 1 tienaa liikaa .
to be honest i think that they 're mostly for looks unfortunately l haha .
when i bought the strip it was listed as a grow strip i knew i was severely lacking side lighting so as a cheap option i grabbed it .
in the future i plan to use a better set of side lights .
they definitely do something but i doubt very much .
i really do n't care how much in love you are you should go back and fix that shit 😉
i put a whole load of cream in if i must
mind if i set them free to give some attention ?
their motto is seuls nos lecteurs peuvent nous acheter '' only our readers can buy us . ''
the fact that there is no advertisement allow them to be sure that they 're under no pressure from advertisers .
that 's how they became one of france ' best papers in 10 years .
are you sure you 're not talking about quick quiet ?
someone needs to make an snl skit out of this or something .
customers need to buy apps for it from the store .
idk if in battle itself but for overall strategy probably duarte
however overall there is kind off a lack of prominent characters who fit this description .
besides duarte and trejo most people in charge of a fleet are very minor characters
battleye is blocking system32 .dll files and my audio services stopped working suddenly ive tried everything under the sun
i think google will flag his server assuming the chatbot use server/ip for searching basically if they think you search a lot for a short period of time they will throw a captcha to verify you are not bot every time he search
he needs premium proxy to be able to continue the service without interruption .
i am talking about high quality and proxy that can pass thru google .
i think one proxy will cost about 5-20 and he needs a lot of it base on how many uses this chatbot .
also on the privacy side not sure if he can see fb profiles who used the chatbot .
both are pass rush specialists and unless zach allen was being mentioned for his coverage abilities bosa is a better prospect at edge which contains both designations
i just realized what the joke in dave chappelle 's black bush skit meant .
or even better some adc 's can build edge of night which completely denies karthus r
i am fairly sure your tone language and methods wo n't be a positive impact on anything but i 've seen stranger things happen .
my friend jimb has one of these in his aquariumb .
i follow your insta and was super confused which app i was on for a second .
hi just checking to see what your results were as i 'm having a scare but has n't been tested yet
the chances that you are pregnant are almost zero .
pre ejaculate has not been proven to contain sperm and it shouldn't anyways since it 's purpose is to pre lubricate the urethra .
and the teeny tiny amount that he possibly had on his fingertips ?
i would say 99.999999 chance you are not pregnant .
we 're sorry but your post has been automatically removed .
all posts to r/boottoobig must be made as an image post .
if you posted a link other than an image try taking a screenshot of the relevant portion and submitting that instead .
if you did post an image it might not be from a whitelisted domain so message the mods as soon as possible for manual approval .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boottoobig if you have any questions or concerns .
99.9 of every class i 'm in is 3g .
walmart 's earnings have been impacted by a one time event .
look at forward pe instead it 's at 21 .
also people think that because walmart and mcdonald 's did well in the last recession they will do well in the next one and everyone is predicting one soon .
they provide a transponder convert it to ethernet which connects to your router .
i have heard bbs hit the edge of my jacket while i 'm running anything hits that shoulder and he better hear it .
as a simple example of recovery from old duplicates consider
at line 3 an old duplicate syn arrives at tcp b. tcp b
can not tell that this is an old duplicate so it responds normally
tcp a detects that the ack field is incorrect and returns a
rst reset with its seq field selected to make the segment
tcp b on receiving the rst returns to the listen state .
when the original syn pun intended finally arrives at line 6 the
before the rst a more complex exchange might have occurred with rst 's
i dont know hardware specs of these consoles and i know the switch couldnt handle it but i love simulation games and it would be fun to have a 2d simulation game on console that 's not civilization .
i get that housing is expensive in places like sf la and seattle .
i 'd like to live in a house in malibu or in mid-town manhattan but i ca n't afford it so i live elsewhere .
that 's why i do n't understand why people who are homeless because they ca n't afford to live in places like sf do n't just move somewhere .
there are plenty of low cost of living places in the us .
i listen to mostly rock but i 'm a fan of ga. she 's downright talented .
found out that my hormone levels are going down and i will likely be bleeding soon with my second early loss .
i feel like this whole process has been ruined for us .
finding out i am pregnant this time was just a cautiously optimistic thing not the jump up and down joyful moment i had always pictured .
because my first loss i found out about before i knew i was pregnant .
the timing would have been great perfect even this time around .
i always thought i would get an opportunity to try '' every cycle/month .
i thought the hard part would be getting pregnant .
that i would test and it would be negative for a few cycles before the magical month where it is positive and we have a baby .
getting pregnant is apparently the easy part for us but staying pregnant is the hard part .
which means a try '' is like 3-4 months long by the time i 'm pregnant lose it have another cycle for dating as the doctor recommends .
the hope that gets crushed shortly after is not fun anymore .
i do n't want to quietly tell my husband i am pregnant again because so what ?
it does n't mean we will have a baby .
but how many weeks is enough to feel safe and trust that we will get to bring home a baby ?
i do n't know that i will ever feel safe .
i will always be filled with anxiety and dread for what is likely to come .
how did such a magical wonderful thing become so dark and hopeless ?
not everyone who critiques a country is a racist it does n't work like that .
also the point of the outrage is n't even about the china it 's because valve are being hypocritical in this matter they 've silently allowed tons of other examples of actual racism remember icex3 with the nigger '' comment ?
and other bigotry mc against the russians eg against the south americans etc but suddenly now they draw the line ?
and just a week after steam was announced in china ?
it has nothing to do with their stand against racism and everything to do with kuku insulting their new business partners .
if they want to take a stand against racism they should retroactively ban half of the currently active pro players .
when i graduated college i worked with my dad for a little while i looked for a job .
i experienced a minor shock when he was writing something down for me and i saw him make an 8 as two circles .
just because i 'd gone 22 years without knowing it and it 's something you just never about i wonder how my dad draws his 8 's '' .
and apparently in all that time i 'd never seen my dad draw an 8 .
the salt is still very real the thread on r/nfl is full of people bitching about the phantom facemask and that holding should have been called .
yeah downvotes are relative to the topic at hand .
the union 1s arent a release from this week .
do the white missions not the yellow missions and the story wo n't progress .
you do n't have to make 1000pts in one game .
it 's cumulative aka just play the game through use up all the lives die and the points will add up .
the devs stated there was a lack of true ars early so they put the 1-5 and 44 in from the beginning for balance across classes and throughout the lifetime of the game .
at the very least this explanation is n't incomprehensible .
rather it was a design choice and in my opinion the right one .
gee i wonder what other sorts of things he gets irrationally upset by
the same thing madara did ? ! ? ! ?
could itachi not control the 9 tails with the sharingan ?
i 'd asked for the address of the convent and there was no point making her take public transit back and she 'd asked for help from st. jude and st. anthony of padua .
but beyond that it was a half hour of silence .
part of it was all those film noirs i watch .
i would n't feel like a real detective if i come to conclusions before i even reach the scene of the crime as it were and i did n't have the advantage of a jump cut to get me from my office to there without an awkward silence .
it 's stupid i know but i grew up on those movies and you never really get past what you learned as a kid .
but the other part was trying to hone in that singular ping i 'd gotten during our conversation .
there are n't many young nuns nowadays and i 've seen some of the more liberal orders that do n't wear habits .
if a woman were to join an order as old-fashioned as the sacristines at an age of what could n't be more than 25 she had to be pretty serious about it .
she probably had n't experienced some tragedy that left her unable to trust anyone because she 'd sought me out and accepted a ride back with me without complaint .
and she had n't simply transferred her faith to another denomination or religion because she would n't still invoke saints had she suddenly become a buddhist or something .
so she had lost faith in god very specifically without any other major change .
in my thankfully limited experience with teenagers i 'd seen plenty who started out religious purely because their parents dragged 'em to church and who 'd never thought much of it to begin with .
they 'd gone through disproofs of god 's existence online and never looked back .
and the saller 's dad was an atheist but when he saw his kids again he praised the lord .
which i was more or less ok with so long as he did n't send him my bill .
but the point was that usually this type already had made an emotional decision and were waiting for a justification of one kind or another .
i certainly could n't see an average dawkins reader wanting to go back to church but not being able to .
this case though reminded me more of a kidnapping than of a standard missing person 's case the latter of which usually ended with the missing person in question not wanting to be found .
ma'am '' i asked as we pulled in to the convent of all the books in the bible which one have you read most ? ''
i wish especially at the reuions dr. drew would call out enabling behavior .
he tells them a lot how they need to support their addicted love ones but i think it should be clear the types of behavior that is not helpful .
for example at the last reunion drew was asking some pretty pointed questions to ryan about his sobriety and what his routine is like mack and mimi jen were quick to jump in and talk over ryan while ryan just sat there and checked out .
he needs to call them out for this and point out that they pretty much spend all their energy covering for him and very little energy creating solid boundaries for ryan that will allow him to get better .
i also wish they would have done more to point out that in one episode this season larry reassures bentley that his dad is sober only to smash cut to the next episode where ryan had relapsed and checked himself back into rehab .
as a society we do a pretty good job of understanding how addicts can be but i feel like there should be a great emphasis on how much the family plays a role in this .
speaking from the pov of someone who has a sibling who 's been an addict for 15 years and is surrounded by an enabling family .
standing up when someone is bullying someone smaller is white-knighting to you ?
do you have any idea what you are talking about ?
i just went to the doctor 4 days ago .
paid 30 co-pay for the visit and 7 for two prescriptions for bronchitis .
if you want to date you are going to have to stand your ground .
caffeine by itself does n't do anything to me .
in college i took around 1,000 milligrams cup of coffee has 95mg and just felt tired and fell asleep .
for me i need a lot of sugar with it before i feel awake .
before the coffee/sugar i feel like my mind is clouded and i just want to continue to sleep .
it 's a really big problem in my life .
luckily i got prescribed adderall a few years ago and that 's made a huge positive impact in my life .
i get that but when you throw out superlatives where they really should n't be people naturally misconstrue .
quality at the root is density structure potency and terpene/flavinoid content .
i have n't seen your grow so i have no idea what you produce .
what i will say is that many growers say the exact same things you are and use ffof and grow at home and they bring me buds that look and test at 60-70 of the quality i would call perfect '' bud .
at the end of the day many people are doing organics wrong .
you will get stinky potent product but it is not as stinky or potent as proper organics grows with all the correct amendments .
if you make your own soil mixes and amend with worm castings and teas and such or you do a no-till method will all the proper starters you will get much higher quality than ffof .
as well if you do a proper synthetic grow coco/hydro/etc and you have the proper inputs rhizosphere ph etc you 'll grow perfect '' bud .
the issue with salt based feeds is they are a lot easier to fuck up and get bad product out of especially on a larger scale .
you 're working with 55 gallons of part a and part b stuff settles batches change etc .
so if you are doing more than just water+ffof like actual proper organics you are probably growing top shelf .
otherwise you 're growing mid shelf product because you literally do n't have everything the plant needs for proper performance .
many many grows run shitty salt methods or just water+ffof and they grow garbage pot on a commercial scale .
if there are truly two identical methods with everything else identical the product will be the same .
different prices would then depend on clientele branding supply and demand consistency etc .
double edit i 'd also leave you with this .
it 's still inconsistent garbage that is way too hot and it 's not even truly aged soil .
if you look closely at the old man the stripes that are supposed to be red are a very very light pink compared to the peach of his chest where the 'white ' stripes would be .
this is coming from a guy who was on the board of the nra while a member of congress .
i like the sentiment but it needs to come from someone that is n't corrupt as fuck
one time i accidentally stole an archery target my dad helped me take it back after i told him i messed up i thought someone left out as garage sale leftovers .
no just using it at the edge of their driveway overnight .
prior i was less interested in archery but so much in middle school but moreso throwing knives .
i walked to my local walmart at 11pm and asked 3 staff members where are your throwing knives ? ''
apparently they did n't carry them at this spot ...
the dollar tree stuff is kinda flimsy but it is good daily silverware .
the forks are n't superb but they do their job .
at my ex 's mom 's house thing they had an entire wood block fence thing set up for throwing knifes .
the premier is appointing a close family friend who also was rumored to have covered for rob driving drunk to run the police service that is last we heard currently investigating the progressive conservative party for serious breaches of provincial law .
sorry u/aidanmco – your comment has been removed for breaking rule 5
comments that are only links jokes or written upvotes '' will be removed .
humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments .
see the wiki page for more information http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules wiki_rule_5 .
if you would like to appeal message the moderators by clicking this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fchangemyview subject=rule+5+appeal+aidanmco message=aidanmco+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of his/her+post https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/a2pwpy/-/eb2l6zt because ... .
this sum bitch just lies to his base like this non-stop assuming there is even a few that are somewhat open minded they probably only here he did it again ! ''
you 'll have to stop for a few minutes on the popular trails to let people pass .
geez i could type out a book about this .
but i 'll keep it shorter by stating a few things that will provide some light on the situation .
she would go off me raise her voice get upset with me if i said words like snot '' or booger '' .
i thought my wife was beautiful it was her looks that attracted her to me in the first place and then i fell in love with her .
anyway being a guy who loved his wife and who thought she was beautiful she would arouse and excite me but that was a bad thing .
no i had n't taken it out i was dressed etc .
she and i would be doing normal cleaning chores in the house together in the summer hot not wearing much and i 'd be turned on .
she was pretty i liked looking at her we were married no children yet in our own home so i was aroused .
she was disgusted by that by it and i 'd get the it 's not normal you 're not normal it 's disgusting stuff from her .
so i 'd go into another room or part of the house to clean and a bit later she 'd come by or come into the room .
to see if i was still aroused and when i was her face had such a pained look on .
ok this has turned into chapter 1 if not a book .
but this should suffice in letting you know why i was n't able to share my sexual thoughts with my wife .
i tried but it was wrong bad disgusting etc .
let 's say her name was mary it was n't .
if i was introducing her to a friend a coworker and i said this is my wife mary '' later on in private she 'd unload on me .
i should have introduced her like so this is mary my wife . ''
to her she was was mary a person first and my wife second .
it was a crime to first say or refer to her as my wife and then say her name .
i made that mistake a few times but each time she unloaded on me so i quickly learned to never make that mistake again .
why is the grape thing even a meme now the demonstration was like 8 years ago .
thats called autocorrect that sentence simply makes no sense then again half of what you say makes no sense .
this was initially hard to wrap my head around but i recently saw a post where enai siaion said the same thing .
it 's important to realize that as you increase game difficulty even more so when using a combat mod that affects the combat dmg multipliers you do less dmg but the npcs do more .
so they 're doing balanced dmg to your enemies but you 're doing less and the enemy is harming you more as well .
it 's not about timing it 's perceptions of time needed to do things .
okay i have 30 mins before i have to leave i need to hurry i need to shower get dressed feed the cats whatever and they have a good idea of the relative time it 'll take to do each activity .
with add it 's a dysfunction of the executive functions so the timing is skewed and it seems like there is a ton of time so you take your time and end up late .
that 's a simplistic example and sounds like immaturity or failure to plan .
i 'm an adult with a career i am perfectly functioning with things and know my responsibilities .
but my sense of relative time has always been skewed and no amount of set a timer '' or just get up earlier '' changes that .
you 'd be surprised how your choices for actions daily are based on this .
in other ways my i 'm extremely fast and efficient .
perfectionists may have work slightly better than others but are very inefficient .
you will fall behind your colleagues trying to churn out top quality work when it is usually unnecessary .
stop objectifying political figures for their looks and focus on their policies .
edit i love how if this was said about a woman then i would have been mass upvoted .
what a husband and wife do with gas masks and a bunch of minions behind closed doors is no ones business !
no i 've just not of heard that before .
it 's not something i would consider from a married relationship .
at work a coworker asked to use my phone since i 'm one of the only ones in the office with an android .
when i said no '' she was like ooh do you have something innappropriate you do n't want me to see ? ''
i just looked at her and was like yes .
a lot of notifications about a lot of porn none of which i really want anyone else to see . ''
no one 's asked to use my phone since .
start over hopefully it 's like last season where you can continue to upgrade
to be fair i saw sk flobby using bowler and ice wizard in his golem deck
i thought that fernanda urrejola was the most bangin lady of narcos mexico tho teresa ruiz was n't far behind
the 1+2 mana elves should be the best ramp anyway .
i 'd keep some treasure hords for the card advantage and synergy payoff
i had ocean spray 100 juice white grapefruit juice .
i had about 10oz and then took the percs 1/2 hour later .
it did n't do anything special abs i had a sour stomach the rest of the day .
imagine being such a garbage person that you shit talk your imaginary wife online
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
breach of rule 6.2 pictures of boxes without accompanying hardware or build photos .
pictures of purchase or shipping related notifications and information .
we understand and share your enthusiasm for an exciting pc related purchase but please post pictures of your hardware not of the cardboard boxes it came in or of the receipt or notification you got when you ordered it .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar to the right or the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/wiki/rules for a more detailed analysis of our rules .
if you have questions you can contact the moderator team through modmail .
message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpcmasterrace pms to any moderator regarding removals or replies to removal comments will be ignored .
but how will raytheon and lockheed make money ? !
that 's when you tweet your wank right at someone .
is it impossible to connect the cameras to the bezels ?
even popular models who do n't even do nudes are getting posts autoflag .
a little bit of butt and sideboob is all it takes .
my friend 's blog who has been working on it for years is now almost completely gone .
i 'm like the exact same in terms of ranking them at this point but bro that was from 5 months ago lol
whoever came up with that idea definitely got a promotion
the mobile version is a completely different build not really comparable .
switch is based on the pc version that also came to xbox and ps4
i specifically said that i said no then told him my reasons why .
mine was in exactly the same place and i got it last i got ronan i hope the cindy board gives me mari i 'm only missing her and arne .
why go hunt animals and skin em when i can hunt players who 've done the hard work for me .
before i get a shit ton of downvotes this a game about outlaws .
if i 've got this right you 'd need another spell on the stack but you queller the path with the etb on the stack you flicker the queller it returns target a different spell with the second etb leaving the second card exiled with queller and the path gone ?
or could you flickerwisp style flicker it so it returns on the end step ?
right do n't wan na psych myself out before i even start .
i always use oil based make up removers exactly as you described ... it did not work with heroine and i still had residue that made my eyes swell up .
i do n't know if i was allergic to it or not probably not because it was only after long wear that my eyes hurt but yeah i personally did not enjoy it .
i didnt realize multiple wizard builds still use aether walker so im glad i made this thread looks like either this or frozen orb would be a good starting point .
name good db we 've had in the last 20 years .
and do n't name stone hands he had 2 above average years .
you dont need high caliber dbs in zone defense .
i thought you ment the alien when you said et .
u/danyheatley50in07 your submission title is n't right for listentothis !
the ' ' spaces around the dash and the brackets around the genres must be included .
click on the 'delete ' option above to remove this before submitting again .
the submission guidelines are summarized on the submit page for quick reference .
the reasons for these community guidelines are explained in the subreddit introduction .
if reddit displays a message telling you to wait a little while before submitting again moderators are not able to assist with this .
this is a site-wide feature and the message will not appear once your account age and total karma exceed required thresholds .
verifying your email address http reddit.com/verify can help resolve this issue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis if you have any questions or concerns .
prisoner dilemma or nash equilibrium are scenarios when the rational and decent choice is not the best outcome .
you have to be stupid to be a libertarian .
you took a side because kuku is from the philippines .
so why ca n't chinese take a stand when some nobody insults their country ?
is the dust part of the display or did you just never clean it ?
people you do n't know can look smarter or dumber than they would if you actually met them .
bulky shoulders built like an ox pats shoulders fresh slice haircut or beard trim ready to hit the road and make a name for himself . ''
i 'd say something along the lines like that .
but we say it in a goofy sarcastic but still serious voice .
not specifically a bdp but that does n't matter .
assuming that you 've been jerking off lay off the death grip and masturbation as a whole at least for a while .
still he was n't anyone that would have been talking to ah .
out of a lot of images this one is actually barely visible and hella creepy .
i just did some research on this and it checks out .
this is the beer that opened my eyes to stouts and porters .
it 's not my favorite any more but it 's still very good and i 'll always have good memories about it .
i thought increase zram is just compressing more of the applications data which will results in apps using lesser memory but slower read speed because it needs to decompress before the data is available .
the economy is growing at the same rate it began growing early in the obama years and i have no idea what you 're talking about in terms of put americans first '' and am afraid to guess .
you could read the final fra study sessions for both the level 1 level 2 cfa exam .
the final fra chapters are about earnings quality fraud ... nice collection of ideas without too much detail .
dont forget to include the source of where you got the joke from !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/laughjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought amd puts but what i want to know is how the hell do you guys buy far away options ?
buying in january at 24 strike thats got to cost an arm and a leg ?
i bought a 24 strike put for just this week and spent 1,200 bucks on that .
all apologies u/scouty22 but your post has been automatically removed because the artist was posted too recently r/music/comments/9v8q1w/mgmt_electric_feel_indiealternative less than 30 days ago and gained 100 karma .
if you think this is in error or this is a new release within the last two week please contact the mods message/compose ? to=/r/music subject=post removed in error. message=https reddit.com/r/music/comments/a2xz54/mgmt_she_works_out_too_much_alternativeindie .
if you 're new to the subreddit please read the full list of rules r/music/wiki/rules .
do n't blame me i 'm just a bot .
i 'd lob our first for covington in a second .
however the consensus among fans is pretty clear out of all the ps2 mk games the most requested remaster in shaolin monks .
after that given its popularity i would assume that deception would be the second choice .
that would require them to still play fo76 to know
lol jokic not playing defense is not just a pre season narrative
just bought tickets for the 22nd december against gs .
flying from slovenia for a trip across california and just could n't pass up the opportunity to see this game .
when though you know it 's completely incomplete and you 're the only person who has them missing while everyone else has it making you the 1 and the others 99 thereby potentially making your ocd much worse ?
my bad read the last line as a tl dr .
i just did it myself using the video instructions provided online .
it was pretty easy but i would start on a window that does n't get much direct viewing for practice to get a hang of how to squeegee and cut the film in case you make mistakes or leave bubbles first time around .
also one thing to keep in mind is that if you get tinted security film there will be some slight light bleed right on the edges of the film .
i wish i would 've cut my film a little wider and forced it into the grooves for this reason .
my skin cleared up on 50 mg but my derm still increased my dose to 100 mg .
so i only have 4 months of experience with low dose spiro but i 'm really happy i started taking it .
my skin is better than it 's been in years .
and my boobs swelled up a bit even on 25 mg which was a plus
one nice thing i noticed is that i do n't think the diuretic effect is as strong now as when i first started .
i think your body kind of adjusts to it .
when i first started on 25 mg i instantly had to pee waaay too frequently and was super thirsty .
i still drink a lot of water and pee more than average but now it 's a minor inconvenience .
only george p burdell master of all four elements could stop them but when georgia tech needed him most he vanished .
there are however many kaiju hybrid decks which are loads of fun .
try mixing them with eyes restrict graydles or invoked for example .
correct me if i 'm wrong but isnt dense a slang term for dumb ?
which basically means this person just called themselves dumb as hell
i was n't trying to be disrespectful that was my first thought when scrolling thru must 've been the braids but you 're way more beautiful than she 'll ever be .
i 'm just gon na shut up now cuz i seem to keep putting my foot in my mouth .
brash key the new loser all have been doing it for years and that one fat bitch that always plays devils advocate for no reason .
labour is just minding their own business and the only time jacinda really responds to this stuff is to wreck the idiots doing it in the first place .
we have no idea how many work hours it took .
i would guess not as many as the ffb .
as a reminder the comment rules are listed in the sidebar .
if you see a comment or post that breaks the rules please report it to the moderators .
this helps keep the subreddit clear of rule-breaking content .
if this post is not bullshit and needs an explanation of why it 's not bullshit report the post and reply to this comment with your explanation which helps us find it quickly .
and of course if you 're here from r/all or r/popular do n't forget to subscribe to r/quityourbullshit !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quityourbullshit if you have any questions or concerns .
i love the way delzicol and dicyclomine 10 caps look .
the little pills in the cap and the blue are hngggggg
obviously when we 're doing something other than writing we 're not doing that .
but good writing ca n't exist in an isolated bubble where all we do is write .
reading watching tv hanging out with people reading non fiction travelling research and countless other things all help with writing .
do n't think of reading as a distraction of time that 's being taken away from writing .
i remember when i was 10 i was collecting them under my bed and storing them as explosives for new year .
i see that you posted a fucking awesome meme on r/pewdiepiesubmissions
i am an ai bot in this subreddit and my duty is to keep order and peace .
sometimes i can be wrong and if i am wrong please reply or downvote .
you can fix it by contributing to the code !
i prefer 4-3-3 formation as it provides proper wing support for my strikers ... ... in midfield i play possession ball ... ..but 90 time i attack from wings by cutting inside ... ... ..
i have messi at rwf the best ... .. although people say robben is also very good ... ... .and hazard/coutinho at lwf ... ... my cf is romario/lukaku ... .. sometimes you can directly take a shot ... ..or you can pass the pall in opponent 's penalty area ... .and just tap in for goal !
it has been a long time since we 've heard from opportunity said jpl 's mer power team lead jennifer herman at month 's end .
but it 's still summer in the southern hemisphere of mars and it 's not that cold .
there 's a lot of cause for optimism because we 've only been in dust-cleaning season for 12 days at best.
granted it 's their job to be optimistic as once they accept defeat they will be assigned to a new project .
i love how you made a claim that something was wrong and used your opinion as support for your argument .
here 's an idea you and others do n't find the augmentations she 's done to her body since the start of her career are attractive .
that 's your opinion and totally ok. no one is forcing you to get off to her content .
to make some kind of arbitrary declaration that she 's no longer attractive like it 's objective fact is ridiculous .
there are many others who find her attractive and continue to watch content that includes her caveat myself included .
so much so that she gets paid presumably quite well to continue to make content as she looks now because it sells .
i 'm going to go on a limb and wager the vast majority of the she ruined herself '' crowd is n't getting paid to have sex on film because there 's a valuable audience interested in watching them so your credibility is only so valuable here .
another thought let 's not forget the numerous adult performers that have taken their own lives because of comments like she ruined herself '' and consider that a .
a life is n't worth your opinion and b .
that performer 's death would only be a huge disappointment for the significant fan base that does appreciate their appearance .
tl dr stfu your opinion is yours to have but not required to be shared much less is it objective fact .
data has to be collected vs a blank or background .
the cat should be recorded with the least amount of human interaction vs with normal human interaction vs with high human interaction .
this would allow the data collector to compare and contrast well .
also not all cats are the same so the data should shift when running the same experiment for other cats .
i have been hardcore gaming on an oled tv for about a year now .
it 's very rare to actually get image burn in or even retention.to get it we are talking days or even weeks with a static image at a time .
any story spoilers from all games must be covered with spoiler tags spoiler s spoiler here '' or the comment will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dragonage if you have any questions or concerns .
denmark has a law that makes it possible to expell convicted foreign criminals .
typically people who are expelled will first serve their prison sentence and are then free but wait to be sent out of the country .
however it is only possible to send people out of the country if there is somewhere to send them to .
the out of prison people who can not be sent home yet are all at a center in jutland .
the center is in a small town and the local community has been very vocal about it .
there has been a lot of media attention around the issue lately and the newly passed budget has a new center being build on what politicians call a remote island '' .
this here overseas prison is part of that whole debate .
a wish to move foreign national criminals away from the general danish population .
if i fuck up i have to live with it .
their only path to justice requires a level of evidence that is hugely elusive
if they were violently raped there will be evidence of the rape .
they just have to go to the hospital and contact the police immediately .
if they were drugged and then raped there should be semen plus drugs in their system which will be detected if they go to a hospital and contact the police immediately .
if they got drunk at a frat party and screwed some random dudebro who was also wasted that 's called a bad decision and is n't rape at all .
basically the reason most women do n't get justice is because they do n't report the rape immediately to the police .
if you wait 11 years and only recover '' the rape memory in hypnotherapy and then only bother to bring it up in civil court if they guy is a wealthy athlete or a supreme court nominee my assumption is they 're looking for a payday not justice .
if we simply believeallwomen the duke lacrosse athletes would be in prison for crimes they did n't commit .
heck there are hundreds of people every year getting out of prison after dna evidence exonerated of the rapes they were accused of by credible women '' .
a preponderance of evidence might be a fairer yardstick .
do you personally want to be judged on a preponderance of evidence for literally any crime ?
if not why would you subject anyone else to it ?
all it would take to convict a man of rape under your tyrannical justice system would be 1 proof they had sex like semen and 2 the woman saying she did n't consent .
millions of men would be imprisoned for a crime they never committed because you 'd rather satisfy the psychotic deranged bloodlust of 3rd/4th wave feminists than actually seek justice .
not sure if anyone else noticed but this guy says he is a fraud analyst '' in his twitter bio .
i think it 's safe to say he 's got the bald one figured out .
that song is heartbreaking on its own but i was heavy into hamilton back when my dad died/when my first niece was born so now i associate the song with those two events and it never fails to make me tear up .
the way things were going toward the end there i might have tried to both hug and punch him at the same time and ended up with some sort of fist-bump to the shoulder .
it was during 17th and 18th century when scientists were sending each other messages and from those newspapers have eventually been created .
it 's an isekai a hero from our world and accidentally his two friends get summoned to fight the demon king .
one of the friends the main character actually knows magic that is far more advanced than the magic this new world has his friend have no idea earth has magic and he wants to keep it a secret from them .
but he refuses fight and just wants to find a way home .
your post has automatically been removed because your post 's title appears to be in breach of rule 6
clickbait or extremely vague titled posts will be removed .
reddit does not make it possible to edit titles so you will have to post again with a longer more descriptive title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fo76 if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks to jackasses like you these diseases are making a comeback and it 's become a major issues for people that legitimately ca n't vaccinate due to other health reasons .
fury is bigger stronger heavier and has a better gas tank .
fury could clinch and wrestle wilder for minutes at a time id expect
he has very slow burning consistent character development as opposed to characters who get some big defining character moment in an arc and then remain pretty static for a while so i love seeing him grow slowly over time .
and it 's interesting to see his insecurities get revealed so we can understand what drives him to lash out and act like the asshole he is .
his dedication to developing his quirk even before ua is admirable as well .
with the exception of the rich kids shoto momo iida it does n't seem like anyone else in the class really spent as much time honing in their quirks as bakugo has .
obviously he still has a long way to go to become a better person but this series is gon na take a while to finish and he is changing slowly .
it 's just interesting to think about what he will be like by the end .
does it matter whether the author wants the person to know it or not ?
i just wish these liberals would stop photoshopping marijuana cigarettes into willie nelson 's hands !
however i think it 's important to continue pushing this issue as i think it is unacceptable that jagex consciously produce an update that stops many many others from playing .
though he 'll be 79 when they film the show i doubt it will be too actiony even though he seemingly does not age .
vendors ca n't reward new exotics as far as i know so you should remove the ones that dropped from vendors from your tally .
that 's actually the people at tifton 's store store .
not someone who walked out slammed starbucks across reddit including management and talked trash .
why do n't you go do that at your actual new job .
i think people would like more of an intellectual and skill challenge rather than a lazy designed gear check ...
i mean both would be great maybe dial down the gear check so people can actually play the content they paid for ... just my opinion .
i 've found myself using ryan 's enthusiastic yeahhh ! ''
especially if it 's something just super fucking dumb happening .
like when the news shows clips of a portajohn flying into the sky from strong winds .
https www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5847587/freak-gust-wind-sends-porty-potty-flying-air.html i let out one of those yeah ! ''
there 's one particular ql where a car clips into something and goes flying into the air .
i can not think of which one it is but that yeah is the one i borrow .
consider a looped course that can let you have food/water/bathrooms available to you multiple times throughout the course .
that way you do n't have to carry it with you .
your post has been removed from r/random_acts_of_amazon for the following reason not properly tagged
if you could please use one of our 10 tags spelling and brackets are really important !
gifted if you 've gifted someone amp would like them to know .
thanks if you 've been gifted and received your package in the mail .
intro if you 're brand new and wish to introduce yourself .
leave the b'aww stuff to a minimum and do n't beg for something .
contest if you want to make amazon gifting a fun community challenge !
giveaway if you want to give away non-amazon items !
brainstorm if you are looking for recommendations for music books movies games etc .
activity a social event that involves the raoa community .
it is a link to cah bgo game or any other game or event that could be happening that you would like to share with us !
meetup the tag to announce update or share experiences from the various afk meetups of raoa !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/random_acts_of_amazon if you have any questions or concerns .
most paper products do come from tree farms like that .
i remember reading sometime in the 90s so it might be different now that it only takes a tree in a tree farm 3 years to mature enough to be used for paper products and its more cost effective to just constantly plant new tree 's and cut down the mature ones than go into a forest and cut them all down .
it 's a bit different for like hardwood furniture but ... and i wish i could remember the name of the company there 's a few that have tree farms for that .
i know of one couple that 's trying to start an ecological '' lumber company but they 're looking at like 3 or 4 more years before they can start harvesting the trees they planted .
so they might not even get off the ground .
my experience with laptop mics is that they 're all with little exception garbage lol .
pretty much any usb mic or headset will get you good quality for voice chat and gaming headsets are often pretty cheap .
this https smile.amazon.com/gp/product/b01a73zil0/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s01 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 is the headset i 've been using for about 2 years now it 's cozy af once you get used to how bulky it is and i 've never really gotten complaints for people i play dnd with online about quality or anything .
good point about being able to qualify for further loans .
i wonder if this was n't a default/rehabilitation scenario years ago and then deferment while in school now .
either way the correct move is to contact the lender and arrange payment .
i 'm another native west virginian and i 've been consistently impressed with the accents of many of their voice actors .
not everyone from wv has an accent a lot of the northern parts of the state are closer to maryland or pittsburgh in terms of their accents .
the only bad '' accent i 've heard in the game is when mr .
handy 's do a wv accent and even then it 's hilariously terrible .
like ... 4 trapezoids surrounding a square in the middle ?
even if that happens we wont be the ones getting 5th .
the fact that you ca n't earn anything is the issue in itself and another issue is they took the camo away from some people who already had it such as my brother .
so not sure why you 're defending this bs .
thanks for the concise post about your study materials .
mine was pretty similar except i did n't use ritas book .
i bought it but only read 1 chapter i think i have pmtraining to thank the most for passing .
it 's lore stories mostly i have n't read too much of it yet .
you took the serums whilst you had the carnivore mutation already cause apparently that does n't work
i like grapefruit grapefruit spoons are fairly cheap and dreaded so you just cut it in half and there 's little triangular portions to eat !
probably around 100cal for a full one melba toast crackers are also great so maybe if you have cucumber slices on it as opposed to cheese it 's a low cal snack
despite it being about a 30-40 minute drive to center city philly techinically starts literally 5 minutes down the road from me .
yes if you have the dlc it 's essentially just a new quest line in the normal game from what i understand have n't had a chance to try it yet .
you have until 12/05 03:35 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20181205t203559 .
it 's 2nd and 10 on the ucf 36 .
u/boxbeat reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag thread '' 20 '' a182dw '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play ''
do n't think so bud we are n't playing a game to pick the oldest most original name a race has had .
it 's been the coke 600 or some variation of that longer than it was the world 600 .
there is n't one driver left in the field who has run the race under the name the world 600 .
when i let my doctor know i was trying i got chided for not already being on prenatals .
i 've been playing rdr2 on ps4 also have a gaming pc to play other stuff .
i just need more time to play all these damn games coming out every other damn week lol
that is purely a myth that 's largely propagated because of enemy at the gates the soviets produced an obscene amount of firearms and there 's no sources that indicate a lack of them at stalingrad or at any other point during wwii .
i 'm lighter than nc15 but not too much .
nobody cares about internet points here but socialists and it 's very clear by the voting in this forum .
what it reveals is how sheltered bitter and zealous you cunts are .
you do n't care about anyone but yourselves and the mask slips off anytime someone you pretend to champion rejects your facade of virtue signaling .
i never said the length of a study mattered .
also thank you that song has been stuck in my head since your last post ... .
well that 's just ignorance on the part of those people .
i do n't think that nooses ties should be required except to the most formal of events anyway but i sure do know how to tie one .
well wake her back up i want the next round 😍😜
or maybe i choose diverse cards to max and use them across multiple decks ?
and the 4 or 5 ready to go to level 12 ?
you 're just complaining that they did n't cater to your specific grind .
why would you level every card equally that 's just bad strategy .
i 'm the leader of a clan that 's been around since week 2 of this game and i 've never heard of anyone trying to level all their cards equally .
you are a very very small voice of this community .
did they intentionally do this did they not talk to the artists or do people at dice lack a basic education ?
we really do n't we have a lot of shity midfielders
i have one of these and it 's depressing that me and my family think we need one .
i think lebron will win it if he gets the lakers into the playoffs regardless of the record
don borrowing from his environment to shape both his persona and his creative ideas occurs throughout the series .
the show also tends to tweak earlier plot lines to see similar situations from new perspectives .
during the pilot midge is drawing puppies for an ad campaign for grandmother 's day '' .
just as puppies have no special association with grandmothers yet can be used to market a useless product a fake holiday tobacco being toasted has no special association with cigarettes yet can be used to sell them .
presumably her offhand comment helped him indirectly with his brainstorm .
in the later episode midge says that heroin has been bad for her even though it seemed at first to be helpful .
once again don uses an offhand comment from midge to address a cigarette crisis for the firm like midge the company was paying a price for addiction .
think back on nostalgic stuff that made you happy as a kid and do them again .
it 's saturday night snowing outside i 've built a blanket fort for me to lounge in while i play super mario world 2 for the snes my mom brought me some homemade biscuits with blueberry jam .
recreating nostalgic events never fails to get me into little headspace .
keeping toby increases our chances of getting top 4 and champions league .
that has an actual monetary value of like 60mil .
so the offer would have to be worth that 60mil plus the 25 we would get for him anyways in the summer .
i highly doubt anyone is offering us 85 for him in january when he will be available for 25 6 months later .
oh man debout sur le zinc is exactly like what i was looking for !
how nice of you to show me your playlists they 're both really good .
it 's gon na give me a really great start .
thank you very much for taking the time to write all that out it was very kind and i appreciate it .
meh i would say way more people hate the kardashians than love them .
i do n't have any money rn i lost my credit card today also if i did have it my mom would know cause she can see what i buy
i would let them all run a train on me .
that 's a shame it 's unlikely someone is going to adopt a senior pig at 7 years old well significantly less likely than a 7 month old .
this is why i hate kids being responsible for pets when they no longer want them the parents do n't akways assume responsibility .
i hope someone can take in this girl and have her final days in a loving home .
there are better places to search for codes and players .
we 're focused more on the platform meta mechanics and strategy here
i have xfinity as well and we 're paying more than that for less than what you 're getting .
i 'll pull up my plan when i get home .
just because a country is dominating they 're own local trade region and that trade region happens to be the wealthiest in the world it does n't necessarily follow that they 're going to start expanding into worldwide trade .
i 'd imagine that historically china had a lot more wealth than europe throughout a good portion or perhaps even most of the m t timeframe but they still focused inwardly and never really expanded outward with the exception of european merchants trading in china .
however even with these europeans trading in china it was the europeans who were going out of their way to trade far and wide not the chinese so the europeans were the ones that were initiating 'global trade ' in this context .
so if an institution is supposed to spawn when something new emerges rather than when it has already been around for awhile it would make more sense for the first country to have power in an overseas trade node to be the one to spawn global trade at least by this logic .
however by the 1600 start date there may already be multiple countries with overseas trade power so there would have to be some way to figure out precisely which one gets to spawn global trade .
one solution would be to get rid of the minimum start date so that who ever meets the other requirements first manages to spawn global trade regardless of year .
another solution would be to pick one country randomly out of all countries eligible to spawn global trade in 1600 i.e .
if 4 countries meet all the requirements each country has a 25 chance of spawning the institution .
yet another solution would be my original proposal which grants the institution to whoever has the most overseas trade power .
i 'm not sure which of these solutions would work best but they should all better represent 'global trade ' than simply 'most trade power in most valuable trade node ' .
great stick currious why did you go with that shape ?
it looks great but barring playing it in the classical stance i could see it being a pain to just sit and strum .
was there any reason other than the fact that it looks really good ?
looking to make my own soon so i 'm gathering ideas and word .
jeg har været i moldova og en tur i deres egen lille udbryderrepublik transnistria .
det var en meget interessant tur og nok det tætteste man kan komme på en tur til sovjet .
i 've seen and heard of way more harmful kinks .
sexualizing an absent father just does n't sound like the healthiest thing to me .
but again if it makes you happy and you are n't pursuing those feelings then whatever floats your boat .
even when it snows it 's pretty rare that i get my car stuck so i have n't tried the different methods much .
considering they 're household commodities with low value per volume i 'd guess the price probably fluctuates in a lot but if you only buy 1 bag every winter you 're better off just buying the sand because it 's more neutral to the environment .
maybe it 's time to contact the support also .
see it depends tho is targeting sensitivity percent slow down or is it percent of controller sens
actually just stopped really sorry was doing it solo and got kinda drained .
send me a request though and if we 're both online at the same time i 'll be happy to grind just send a message !
but a 2 gramer would change their life without scaring or freaking them out .
i 'll die for shrooms but i have n't had anymore than 2 grams .
looks like not only premature but late optimizations too can be come evil .
that is actually pretty cool ... do you get it ?
you write to blizzard support with evidence and they fix the issue .
you click the button and after restarting your client everything is back to normal with an additional 1700 dust .
work around what i play every single game you stupid fucking pieces of shit you are ants and i am god
if you 're up to it you could share some experiences on r/jnmil
i do n't want my genitalia all against my bedding .
i wish i could be this cool at 12 ... or at least right now ...
kim posted it 9 hours ago so nevertheless ye is in the studio .
kilts are great because you can moon people very easily .
it never does getting some from more than one source can be harmless too 😉
habaneros are usually much hotter than 150 000 scoville .
they can be up to 350 000 scoville and the red savina habanero can reach 577 000 scoville .
keep in mind these are only worth about 50 cents .
they 're just a pain in the arse to get
saw a guy after he got his tongue cut out .
basically this guy tried to check in to go to protective custody and the officer in charge of the unit told him wait for the next shift the guys he owed the money to took this shit seriously and cut it out .
after one or two days literally all of my regular website visits work without problems .
and after the first setup i can even just export and import my url whitelist next time .
well if you want to go to a university get a degree and not make any money or establish a career after you graduate than i would say you have some great advice .
i suppose if the op was fluent in japanese and had the disposable income and 4 years of free time than it could be a fun time '' .
the point of going to a university is to get qualified for something that will be beneficial in making a career ... . correct ?
if it was a great time '' you were looking for spending that money you wasted on college traveling the world or japan might have been a more enriching situation .
once you return to your home country you have a degree you ca n't use .
being fluent in japanese outside of japan offers some opportunity if you were a travel agent or wedding planner in hawaii for instance but other than that ... ...
a wasted skill set a worthless diploma and no job prospects in your home country .
how can google chrome effect the performance of the game ?
i dont know what fits but you should make it
it works like this in all of the ds gamss but its shorter in ds3 beacuse it dorsnt have a power cap and it becomes broken af at lvl 30 arcane ans higher
i always make sure my pills last me longer than it should .
i 've made spreadsheets to determine how much i can take per day .
sometimes my pain is worse and i need more than what i take .
that might apply to you but the average mr 24-26 comes into games expecting to be carried .
if you want i cold hire you for something .
i 'll wear a top hat and a monocle .
some great fun was had with ut '4 and '7 although not as much as i 'd liked to so it upsetting that no one picks up the baton .
i still fail to see how a game with multiple game modes a ton of maps fun weapons shout-out to redeemer although the flak cannon was probably my favorite and vehicles can fall out of popularity .
cs survived somehow so i believe it is just a case of mismanagement .
now i 'm hoping for a testarossa in future update .
statistically speaking though i believe it would be gone within a few years .
would you go back and win again if that were the case ?
just call it an artisanal sidewalk and you 're good to go
so you are allowed to enjoy it after a few hours but people are not allowed to dislike it because already being power level gated after 2 hours ...
the aedric planets are not planets in the common sense but actually plane ts infinite in size like the moons .
second time it 's been posted and still nobody has noticed .
i 'd love to see that view while you were grinding on my face
the cilinder is old tipe and head is new type .
as far as i know psr is the only head with o ring .
could be anything really need a portmap to identify .
my friend at work was just discussing this with me yesterday afternoon this strange unwritten rule that we all seem to know but that i 'd never heard of and here it is at the top of my reddit feed tonite .
i had a dude camped near one of the brotherhood camps and the sam sure kept foreign st his base
whatever it is i love it and its been played more times than id like to admit
i want that to happen just to i could see what legally distinct name epic would give the emote .
augmenter les salaires ca impliquera une augmentation des taxes futures puis une autre augmentation des salaires puis une autre augmentations des impôts et des taxes ... advitam .
et apres on s'étonnera que le median mondial est a 3000 ans et que dans certain pays on vit mieux qu'ici avec ce salaire .
yes i think that would be very interesting too .
maybe you can leave her a message asking her if she 'd be interested in making a video like this ?
i can only imagine the secret service was shitting a brick since there 's agents all around obama agents in the background up and down the street probably in obama 's trousers for all we know
where about a are you from i went down to a place that had scrap chunks of wood and picked it up for pretty cheap .
some people love shopping some people love cultural stuff .
since she 's been here before she may have ideas of her own .
espn was worth up to a quarter of disney 's market cap at its peak iirc .
it was and still is an incredibly valuable piece of disney although its importance has been diminishing
dude he was literally referencing your username chill out lmao
the issue is that sg is quite strict and ava standards are significantly more stringent than our asia-pacific counterparts and most countries in general .
what this has led to is higher meat prices in singapore .
especially of red meat like pork beef mutton etc .
potentially with more countries improving their standards to qualify for export requirements more countries and newer sources are opening up for local businesses trying to bring in new products to explore .
every mechanic i 've ever come across curses and swears about their choice of career more than they talk about anything else p
guess your whole post was aswell as you deleted everything haha .
a weak atheist does not believe in any god but does n't explicit say that there is no god .
an agnostic just says that they have no knowledge of god 's existence or nonexistence .
unfortunately there are some democrats who also took handouts from the saudis .
kick them all to the curb for all i care .
the report names blunt as one of the top 10 recipients of campaign contributions from firms representing saudi arabia in 2017 along with democratic lawmakers like heidi heitkamp of north dakota joe manchin of west virginia and robert menendez of new jersey .
blunt 's campaign allegedly received 19,250 in campaign contributions from saudi-linked firms last year .
yea as i thought ... that could 've been your first comment .
most companies ask for them in the states as well .
even so not having one wo n't be a hindrance .
especially if one explains i was teaching in a country where references are n't standard practice . ''
or people like him/her who 's found themselves without a reference ?
i 'm sure there 's an avenue he can take to get a job or something .
i can trade a two shot assault rifle for the plasma
i 'm just here to put my two cents in .
i do n't give three plaited fucks what goes on here the rest of the time .
some parents never wanted children and resent the fact that we ruined their life .
i would n't wan na guillotine that hairy chested cartwheel kick guy either .
my wife god bless her is the worst offender .
she 's really into both critical re and dragon age and constantly shows me memes and shit from the show that to her are hilarious and to me are not .
we want to enable everyone to post their suggestions not just people who have the artistic capabilities .
if you have an idea we want to hear it—but please make sure you do it in a way that conveys the thought in a more realistic pitch .
try and describe to us your vision rather than grabbing an image and tossing it on the subreddit .
suggestions without sufficient context and explanation either wording within the image or in text accompanying the post are not allowed .
images pulled from search engines or similar sources are prohibited .
please feel free to re-submit your post but with the sufficient describing text .
for more information you can refer to our rules page here .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules you can inquire about this removal by contacting us via modmail .
if you do not include a link to your post you will not receive a response .
reposting content in an attempt to bypass a filter or moderator action is strictly prohibited and can result in a ban from the subreddit .
get a beginner deck for free at your local gamestore the decks are meh but great for getting to know the game !
oh i think you describe this quite beautifully valeriecherished .
how much loneliness we experience in the sgi depends on whether we are the object of all the love bombing particularly susceptible to the endorphin high and/or practicing in a group of higher functioning people .
any of those factors can mask the fact that the practice just does n't work and the thought processes are toxic as can be .
i think most of us that find our way here though do experience a sense of estrangement from the group even while we 're still doing activities and still chanting .
and that is a very lonely time when one is first seeing through the illusion and not yet ready to act on that knowledge .
a guy who 's averaging 16/10 as a rookie shooting over 60 from the field has no motor .
is this that cavee that looked from thee deathclaws that is near a fissure and that has a hole in the top ?
this is blatantly inconsistent with the info on the alt tooltip .
blademail should only go through if the original spell does
not say that it looks bad just a different hair stylist p
just like flat earth memes 90 of it is just trolls .
but if drax moves that slowly then no one can see him .
get the starhub streaming box only if you have someone at home who still wants to watch the starhub pay tv channels .
that 's the selling point of the box actually a custom user interface for the starhub channels .
otherwise get the xiaomi mi box or better yet the nvidia shield tv known as the best android tv box out there .
you can run anything you wish on the box .
but bear in mind that the box runs android tv os same as the mi box and the nvidia shield .
the android tv os has its own much smaller set of apps on the google play store but if you want you can always sideload the regular apps those originally meant for the phone and tablet .
the 'illegal ' android boxes sold at sim lim and elsewhere mostly run on standard android os not android tv os .
so they 'll be able to install the phone and tablet apps right out of the box without the need to sideload .
but again apps not designed for tv os will have to be sideloaded .
for those who do n't understand what sideload means it means going on the web outside of the google play store to find the apk of the app and download and install it manually .
i hope that you make a full recovery and i 'm glad to know that your headed for that path man .
this conflict is kind of fascinating ... immovable object vs unstoppable force .
what credentials what unassailable character does it take for people to let someone say what they want ?
all we can do and hope for is them announcing it on thursday or even tomorrow or next week .
kappy did a really good job of giving him some room to take that shot .
during my senior year of high school i participated in an externship program .
i chose to shadow various people at the hospital and had the privilege of getting to attend several surgeries .
as luck would have it my first one was open heart and we were running a little behind .
i got all dressed up in scrubs hairnet and face mask and was escorted into the or .
they had already begun the patient 's chest was open ribs freshly spread and there before my eyes was a real live beating human heart — a perfect affirmation of the sheer anatomical wonder and relentless tenacity of human life .
i swear that it was beating in time with the music being played in the room .
the song was kashmir and the rhythm and intensity of the music was a flawless fit for the feeling washing over me as i stood there .
it was a truly perfect moment still unparalleled in my life since .
two decades later whenever that song comes on the radio i still get chills recalling that incredible experience all over again .
you wo n't have peace by begging for it or writing on some cardboard sign .
it 's also speech protected by the very ones you slander .
liberal in the jeffersonian sense or liberal in the bat sh progressive sense ?
when i 'm ready i 'll search images for whatever it is and see what catches my fancy .
then maybe search that in different styles to see what kind of style i want .
i ca n't draw for shit so i 'll usually take a print out of my closest idea to my tattoo artist with my ideas and have him design it from scratch .
now i want a tattoo for my daughter and i 'm having the hardest time i 've ever had finding out what i want that 's my current problem .
it 's a callback to old westerns where women could n't die on screen
he 's honest now that he knows that he might understand it better but he 's a geek and not a one trick geek .
he understands a lot and while he does n't understand everything i think he understands the passion that we have for all these crazy things and respected .
well she 's a figment of this future serial killer 's imagination so ...
it 's much more interactive than 300cs and 0/0/0 by 20 mins .
that is what makes them supports and not carries is because they assist not singlehandedly hold the lane for you .
which is odd since the in game model uses a vodka bottle .
bush 's policies created the environment where cops get to do this !
there 's a rabbit hole there i wo n't dive into for reasons .
if i could put it out there i would .
but i have enough to deal with already without being labeled .
let 's just say i would bet my mother 's life on it .
the problem is the nature of cheat death means it 's extremely difficult to impossible to actually use a demagciking maul unlike with other improvements as it keeps the opponent 's board full .
complain there 's no mm then complain you ca n't complete content using mm .
this is why we 've always said mm has no business in raids nf 's or endgame content
if you believe it 's legit its a religion .
if you believe it 's a scam its a cult .
either way both are more or less the same factually .
he also later blew out his knee because get this on a night walk out rescue his back pack strap caught on a tree branch and spun him around .
spent 6 weeks in a cast and another 6 on crutches .
about a year ago i purchased the yamaha reface cp even though a lot of people told me it was way overpriced .
after playing it extensively both with a bigger keyboard and as a travel companion/song writing tool i now know it is a fantastic musical instrument that sounds incredible live as well as when recording .
with such a great experience under my belt i just purchased the yamaha reface yc .
even though i have quite a lot of synths these two guys hold a special place in my home studio .
so many high quality sounds and built in fx on these two little boards .
with the reface boards now dwindling away into history i 'm now wondering if i should add the dx and/or the cs .
the cp and yc were no-brainers to me they provide something my studio needed quality electric piano and organ sounds .
i have quite a few synths digital and analog and wonder if i really need either of the other two refaces .
or be satisfied with the cp/yc and realize the dx/cs wo n't really add anything to my home studio ?
yamcha 's sa looks like dokkan released a dokkan battle 2 lol so goood
please kiddo do n't go play with the pikachus currently roaming in streets it could be dangerous .
screaming and stomping our feet when we do n't get the literal definition of everything we 've asked for does n't help .
if you look at us history relatively extreme movements were able to have outsized influence precisely through screaming and stomping . ''
running third parties or threatening to run third parties caused the major parties to modify their positions .
the abolitionists pressured lincoln-era republicans into adopting anti-slavery stances .
the populists pressured the democrats into opposing the gold standard .
the socialists pressured fdr-era democrats and teddy roosevelt era republicans into greater concessions .
not all were good the know-nothing party caused both parties to turn more nativist the moral majority and tea party movements pushed both parties to the right but they were influential .
the trick is being able to scream and stomp hard enough to have an effect .
in short i agree that there 's a time for uniting behind the least worst you have available at the time i 'd have held my nose and voted for hrc if i lived in a swing state .
but being ridiculously intransigent can be very effective while making compromises with establishment politicians is how we got to where we are .
2 le gars espionne le monde dans le métro pis les retraces sur internet ... pourquoi au juste ?
pour un spécialiste en sécurité informatique '' c'est un peu show off pis amateur .
moose and cc were much more accomplished than corbin is .
and tanaka was young enough to roll the dice on .
not saying that i did n't want corbin but i can understand why cashman put his nose up to this one .
you can add sprint mod more weapons do more damage and take more damage .
are you sure you are n't experiencing packet loss and not ping issue ?
charlotte 's always been great i think people just forgot how good she is because they got sick of her winning all the time and not having any real competition
without replacing the switch which is n't an option for you that is n't going to work .
however you could get a wireless remote which one depends on your smart control systems could be a zigbee button could be a lutron caseta remote could be a wireless hue switch and just use the remote as your physical switches from then on .
leave actual switch taped in on position and put the virtual/remote switch taped to the wall right next to said switch .
your submission has been removed because it likely contains a picture of a slag peel .
if this has been removed in error please message a mod with a link to your post to have it reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/welding if you have any questions or concerns .
got no response so i decided to post it again and tag you instead .
as someone who loves music i could never study listening to classical music .
as soon as i hear the opening line my ears latch on and i 'm lost in it and forget what i was even doing .
all the shapes and emotion and colors always leaves me mesmerized and i wish i could share the experience with everyone .
another american said because of its ‘unique situation ' america ca n't have universal healthcare .
i think you might be trying to reply to someone else ?
you 're correct he 's just another guy who likes the sound of his own voice .
my dumbass read that as john cane '' and i deadass googled who john cane was only to have google hit me with that did you mean john cena ?
ahh yes the story of the protagonist being dead each time time they were alive .
and yet if you want someone else to do your social media-ing for you say because you run a business you still have to pay that guy .
i think we hire them to run the country back when they 're young and expect them to just be there a while .
then 20 to 30 years later they do something stupid and we suddenly realize that they 're still there .
think about how small a single tree is compared to the size of the earth .
now think about the amount of earth 's surface that is covered in forest .
i 'm in the north east so for my state it 's not legal yet .
my cartisan charger is a pain in the ass sometimes
they 're still insanely popular and brendan urie is insanely talented .
i 'm no expert but i think they 'd just need a fisa warrant .
this post was automatically removed because it matched certain criteria .
this bot believes that you are trying to interview a social worker for an assignment .
please read the sidebar for instructions regarding social worker interviews .
if you are asking about a job interview please post it in our weekly school of social work questions questions commonly asked by new graduates thread that is stickied on the front page of r/socialwork if you believe this bot is wrong please message the moderators with a link to your post and we will review it .
if you recreate a thread to circumvent the automoderator it is an automatic 7 day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialwork if you have any questions or concerns .
the american empire was about making countries subservient to the us .
this included being anti-communist as communist countries would be subservient to the soviet union instead .
this seems to me to be a distinction without a difference .
the part of communism that was considered an existential threat to the us was the anti-us part .
anything not subservient to the us was a potential threat .
there is one way by never allowing the possibility .
would a decently powerful anti-us government any one being a potential ally to our enemies be something that the us could even allow to let happen ?
everything that happened during the cold war needs to be understood through the lens of the cold war .
some guy farting in africa could be cause for alarm .
they all left the lodge because you play with defensive pacts on .
it is possible to get your open hand strong enough to hold some very small crimps .
i think on small holds crimping is much more secure and generally stronger .
i think you 'd be better off putting time into strengthening the structures of your hand so you can crimp more instead of working towards openhanding 8mm edges .
same goes to the people crimping on the lip of slopers ... .
i had that thought but she 's my first gsd so i was too cautious to risk it on an assumption the first time especially with her not being used to it .
good to know i wo n't need to cut the fun short next time .
updated the reminder text for ailments to include the 3 new ailments .
honestly if you were selling i 'd buy 4 and give 3 out as christmas presents .
keep up the good work and i 'd love to see it fully set up when you 're done !
i think when you sink a ship it should drop barrels with their supplies to prevent good players from being taken out by bad players simply because they run out of supplies .
i edited my reply to be more in-depth lol jumped the trigger a bit with the all caps .
but ad is n't a very good center imo and jermaine does everything he does 100x better .
he 's a tiny bit slower 82 vs 79 but much stronger and much better animations imo .
the stats say they should defend similiarly except for blocking but i feel like jermaine does much much better .
another option for cheaper would be amy embiid who i used to use but tbh jermaine is all around better just about 30k more
she started beating the shit out of stage hands until someone went up to get it .
i 'd wager the frail and the wretched as well !
the i broke off the badge on my santa fe .
also they 've been in feb for a while now lol
you need one of the let 's go games .
then get at least the first 2 badges as long as you beat brock you can go to mt .
as long as you beat misty you fully unlock the map except for elite four and cerulean cave and go to fuchsia .
if your offer is totally fair and you still need luck i think you might be shopping the wrong dealership .
if i got a fair otd offer i 'd definitely roll over and tell the manager to take it .
is n't paladin supposed to be a supporter class instead of someone who can burst ?
i usually go to nordstrom rack for my nicer shoes looking for what i call 10 year shoes '' and have had some varied degrees of success i have a pair of cole haan dress shoes that i wear for interviews/classy events i ca n't remember the original retail price but i got them for 50 back in 2012 and they get more comfortable every time i wear them and failure got a pair of 7 for all mankind casual shoes for similar price and they were comfortable as hell until the support under the sole disintegrated less than a year later .
this could be an awesome housewarming gift for everyone to play with in our house .
... .the 17 is how many points the jets are expected to score ...
it is one of the most useful ship to get you through the difficult armor bullet hell missions
upgrade your main to 3 activate teleport at 1 then fully max out your chrono .
the key is to learn to use the ultimate ability of chrono asap it turns any tiny chrono to be a super lifesaver .
do n't worry about teleport for the time being easy to focus your practice on just one skill .
urghhh is that why i 've been feeling extra-depressed around my period ?
or just a ton of people like myself that are experiencing none of these game-breaking glitches and really enjoying the game .
a while back i saw a post of game companies will never change unless people start voting with their wallets and a response of did you consider that maybe people did vote with their wallets but just voted differently than you ? i really liked this exchange because i think it highlights something we forget a lot .
i fully believe half or more of people are experiencing bugs that make the game truly and literally unplayable and even more just do n't like the game they got but myself and the 20-30ish friends i 've played with admittedly all on ps4 are n't experiencing any real bugs beyond things that are mildly annoying or just plain funny like temporary body warps .
so maybe they 're paid shills and maybe they 're a ton of people suffering trying to justify buying the game but i think more likely they 're just a ton of people who feel differently about the game than the rest of this community .
edit ah yes ... downvoted again for having a reasonable response that acknowledges others ' issues while having a different point of view .
hey bill can we get some more lighting on the slightly racist confederados as they drink coffee from lead cups and disagree on where to encamp the 3rd regiment of maryland ?
i was sitting like 3 ppl to his right and i can honestly say that guy is hysterical !
our section was so strong and i do n't think i 'm exaggerating when i say that we caused the sanchize '' to call an unnecessary timeout on 3rd down in the 4th quarter .
i think that report had to do with a comparison to osweiler being traded to cleveland
although there is a difference i think both should go hand in hand .
when you are asserting non-existence without believing it you are lying .
when you are lacking believe but not asserting non-existence you are also lying by omission .
when i think about it element saber would make her actually playable overall
storm wins the first tournament ... . and we are n't even playing magic !
kinda sad axe did n't win just because i could have sold my extra for ... extra ...
if you got 1,000 feathers or 20 l/d fodders from completing the orb event compared to 5 feathers and no l/d fodders from completing the wf event that would n't influence your decision ?
it 's not an exclusive situation like the one you described .
you do n't get fodder or feathers or l/d fodder .
a more fitting example would be buying a combo package of 16 oz of chicken and 12 oz of steak versus a package of 12 oz of chicken and 14 oz of steak .
and if you never plan on building l/d ever then feathers will probably stop being an issue relatively quickly .
i think that 's a terrible idea personally but you can play the game however you want .
in season 2 eobard said the wraiths were n't after him because he knew what he was doing if he is the one who taught nora then that could be the reason .
chicago gangs have been around longer than cali gangs .
a lot of em have been around since atleast the 60s if not longer .
theyve kept the same gang names since then only set names have changed .
shit the black p stones had a set in cali that helped found the bloods
they do but their offence is prone to choking in trap games like this .
if ben is going 3-and-out their d is gon na suffer .
well not to pour cold water on this but i think it 's just badly worded .
i read it as them wanting 7-10 total java experience and having some experience with java 11 .
yes since a plus is the intro to pc technology .
its two because is broken down into hardware and software os
dont know ... the more ativan you take the worse your panic attack gets ?
you 're all backwards.. try taking few adderall maybe that 'll do the trick for ya .
might not taste as good but wo n't kill you .
side question i do n't think it 's worth its own thread if i spend points from the app do i lose my status ?
i.e if i am silver or red and i use points and it takes me below that threshold do i lose that silver or red status ?
yup you are thinking about appealing to the prurient interest.
i 'd like to say include candles like tea lights or bigger and waterproof strike-anywhere matches .
not only does the candle provide light but in the closed car it will provide heat .
the can can hold the candle and it can be a cup snow into the can melt it over the candle .
edit in a survival situation never eat snow ! !
a dry change of clothes and socks in a waterproof bag .
i do n't think they 're too worried with this type of game .
i mean skyrim was 7 years ago and the next one is not coming anytime soon but i bet they 're not at all worried about a potential lack of sales .
i do wish the games would release closer to 3-4 years between each but i will play da4 whenever it comes out for sure .
he gets to party all day on someone else 's dime .
that 's way more fun than going to a job !
and he still gets a girlfriend to abuse without consequence .
if you 're a senior or even a pretty responsible junior do what i did .
pick a good time to talk to your teach and say as nicely and professionally as possible im almost an adult am an adult and would like the respect of not having to raise my hand to use the restroom .
i 'll wait until an appropriate time and wo n't goof off .
if i do n't act responsibly then we can go back to normal but as a person going off to college/work/the real world soon i 'd like the private of using the restroom without the whole class knowing about it . ''
i did it on my first day with a few teachers i had during classes where i would usually need to go and they looked at me in a completely different light .
bob dole was also a political advisor on the daily show for a time .
just got my og ub 's and the ankles are all collapsed in from the way they were packed .
i do n't agree with the last part but agree with the first .
if people love star wars let them make fan films i mean lucasfilm is giving out awards for them now .
but i 'm also all vadered out we have two trilogies 3 different comics and several books tarkin lords of the sith thrawn alliance all with vader .
but star wars is great world to get lost in and come up with creative ideas so i 'm fine with people making their own .
it 's not centralized completely but it 's also not decentralized .
probably a good secondary check other than trying to compare them directly though in the case of using similar/ambiguous character like o and 0 is to send a pm directly from the linked profile the person sends .
swag in my libe of work it means silly wild ass guess for instance a coworker might be like wow u inventoried the freezer already and ur like naw i just swaged it
you look like a child who borrowed his dads clothes
he recently put out a new video and in that was a picture of those lines called the lgm-1 .
now we are trying to find them across the internet .
i think when hill made the first free throw it made me think that put them up by 1
for me it 's probably a tie between auridon and summerset including artaeum .
its a night and day difference i certainly had some high end power in the 335 but this thing just feels strong all the time .
what really stands out is the suspension and steering .
it truly feels like a track car when all the settings are set to sport plus .
the dude could atleast get his talking points right because last time i checked george w. bush the guy you see him shaking hands with in the video is alive .
in 2016 each house member had up to 944,671 for staff .
same my default is 275 w/o pa and now its 175
the toenail on your big toe looks like it was supposed to be on the little piggy bro
unpopular opinion guts should ditch casca and go with someone else .
honestly the word je crois '' reminds me of the croix-de-feu party led by francois de la rocque .
speaking of that national france should have a national populist option with croix-de-feu as the national populists instead of jeunesse patriotes who were a minor nationalist party in otl france that was forgotten .
there 's a weapon variant challenge here i 've done it so many times and i ca n't unlock it
again while it gained some hype that did n't get them to level of praise of treyarch .
activision is n't that dumb to just go all in and risk it .
they did n't do it with cod4 since it was risky to pick a new setting and waw was a backup in case it flopped .
people bought aw because it had exos which was a new thing for cod .
and when bo3 came out it was clear that people praise treyarch waaay more than the other devs combined .
treyarchs praise is at a whole new level and they have devs like vonderhaar helping even more .
iw shg and raven have a lot of catching up to do .
get a counselor and go to a therapy group .
i 'm late but probably like 1.5k on engagement ring for my girlfriend 1k on laptop for school 500 upgrading my desktop and 7k in savings and eventually help pay rent if i do n't get an internship this summer
do n't make predictions partly because i do n't bother paying attention/not that enthusiastic .
i will agree with you though it has become a chore to watch .
i think it 's like season 4 where it 's better if you binge it .
hello your post has been removed for being a suggestion posted outside of a text post .
all suggestions must go in a text post with describing content or else it will be automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
my mom used to do the same thing when i moved home for a bit haha always in front of my other family members .
i do n't know why i found it embarrassing because it 's just my family but somehow hearing stuff like that out loud gets to me .
ton of great young talent in the league right now
hj did overplay his hand river but turn is mediocre with 98 .
sb is more capped after turn bet so i suppose a few hands beat you .
but with aa you can counterfeit a lot of two pairs on the river so you 're really only worried about sets and the spr is way too low if you only worry about sets .
if you want to fold the turn to this action which i think is questionable but w/e then why are you checking flop ?
with your strategy you 'll only ever get one street of value with aa if you check .
lead out twice or even three times yourself and get value from worse hands .
there are some good arguments for a federal jobs guarantee but a good number of people sleeping in tents in chicago in january have severe addiction problems untreated mental illness serious physical disabilities and health problems lack of id and mailing address and lack of willingness to go through the bureaucracy to remedy that outstanding warrants undocumented immigrant status or other problems that make them poor candidates for a jobs program .
to be fair i also ca n't believe he made an athletic play .
what is this dota 2 '' you speak of ?
he cooperated in proving that no crime was committed even his own ! !
i know the hannity crew is brain dead but seriously ?
looks like a lot of people are having this same problem but this driver update ruined the performance of all my games .
i have a gtx 1060 and subnautica and destiny 2 for example started averaging 20fps at minimum settings whereas normally they run at a smooth 60fps at max settings .
i reinstalled version 417.01 and the problem has been completely fixed .
then we accept you as probationary members temporary and supernumerary until you complete your registration at any wal-mart restroom .
feels like every tourney game except a m last year .
no the maximum is how much it would cost to replace all of them with credits .
there are only 3 slots on this ship but 90000 is 4 slots
where would we put it lol i never got to experience liberty land but i wish i could 've .
this is definitely a topic i 've been pondering a lot lately .
thanks i 've fixed it by opening chrome on my laptop going to
and then clicking block on ublock origin produced the filter for me
unless i 'm mistaken moleymeme would agree with you on this .
he much similar to sam harris arose out of the atheism toxic antitheist atmosphere that now manifests itself as either unbridgeable fascism in his case or in harris 's white supremacist aligned rhetoric
and all it took was the local government threatening to shut down the whole thing https www.rockpapershotgun.com/2018/12/03/chinese-citys-government-might-cancel-dota-2-major-over-players-racist-comments .
i guess you 'll have to go watch porn or browse the nsfw subreddits .
people understand how morbidly fucked up that is to say to someone right ?
min erfaring er at mange velhavende forældre holder en hånd over deres børn .
så det ender ud med at problembørnene får særbehandling .
i have yet to come into this situation but here is how i would handle it .
basically create your character as you see fit and once your done we will look over it together and negotiate as necessary .
this requires quite a good relationship with the player but is very open to concept .
option 2 average it basically look over the other characters and see how many credits and what equipment they have .
make an estimation of worth and then average that through the party .
the result should be about what you give to the new character .
i prefer option 1 because it is less work and more open for different concepts .
warriors can boost their capabilities quite a lot through credits while psychics barely have a use for it .
for example in the famous swan song campaign there was the character of alpharius that came in filled with cyberware because he came from a planet that recently experienced an apocalyptic event .
now a lot of his cyberware did n't give him much of an advantage but some parts were quite useful .
if the gm said you get this amount of credits then that character probably would n't have been possible .
or as kevin crawford himself put it ' ... too much money '' is not a significant problem to have .
... so do n't worry about keeping the pcs hungry '' ' p.178 .
does the coombs emporium still sell those giant wooded phalluses ?
probably just throw it in savings with the rest ... boring answer but it 's what i 'd do .
i pretty much depend on it for my social interaction needs .
lol ... i got ta go with everyone else ... man pussy is a turn off .
when i think of a pussy i think of a vagina not an ass .
i knew the word business will blind you i even addressed it in the original post .
crates have to be transported you ca n't retrofit the company disregarding the transport part .
you know that those crates can contain medications etc .
reducing the availability of shipping will make plane transport or truck transport more enticing and both are more expansive and more polluting .
want to calculate the carbon cost of disabling maersk for 10 years ?
you should before you post with certainty that it can be done in 10-15 years .
and again you need a special shipyard to work on those ships and you need to produce the actual retrofit components so you need to dedicate factories to this etc .
how many such shipyards and ships are there in existence ?
if the government wants to find you they will .
you 're not a spy working for a secret organization with super advanced technology the government does n't already have .
you made me come ... ... to upvote you .
this is literally untrue most citizens of countries with universal healthcare through the government are way happier with their system than americans are about ours .
most of the people shitting on universal healthcare are not from countries that have it and only hate it because it 's an idea that liberals vastly support so it must be evil and bad .
i mean but that goes for any deck if you do n't draw your core cards when you need them you get fucked
it 's a really small machine and also a newer generation so definitely less .
but that has nothing to do with fictional languages .
i just like theorizing and star wars and had a couple minutes to spare .
i would have a better understanding of why politics is the way it is today ...
yeah i only mentioned the serpa for impression reasons was n't even aware safariland made a holster that 's compatible for a five-seven but apparently they do .
serpa holsters are shit and i 'd never use one unless it was for a specific impression like in this case .
again i prefer closed top for pyro which is why i mentioned the hsgi double smoke pouch .
i have one and it 's great for most pyro and lots of other misc .
i mentioned the ten-speed as well because i 've seen plenty of sof guys use them for pyro including the belgians of course but they 're also good for holding extra mags gloves cats chemlights you name it .
then they store flat so it keeps your cummerbund slick to help facilitate in clearing your secondary from it 's holster .
as for the gp as a hydro pouch this again comes down to the impression .
lots of pics of dudes running the paraclete wide gp on the rear as well as paraclete bangers and ten-speeds for pyro .
i 've personally been playing around with using a wide gp pouch to store a hydro bladder and it actually works quite well .
you can even mount it up high to distribute the weight better as you can see here https i.imgur.com/lv9jhfv.jpg on one of my aussie plate carrier setups .
i 've got this carrier https i.imgur.com/qxrbcra.jpg set up a little different than usual since it does n't have a cummerbund so pouches had to be distributed differently than most of my setups .
i actually use dump pouches more for admin/sse use than for mags .
i usually throw empty mags back in their pouch or in my pockets if i 'm in a hurry .
i had this exact same issue when i was using fastmail contacted support and they did something that solved the issue
my neighbore works with over sensitive over not in a negative way children .
the kids go 1 hour a week to her and they do projects that fit the childs interessts .
she also does coachings for parents of such children .
how to communicate with them when to give them space when and how to push them sometime you need to push a little as parent are topics she works with the parents .
anyhow i think you are on the right path paience is key .
i 'm happy i did n't pre order i thought about buying it yesterday but decided to wait one more day to see the opinions on reddit to make it worse i 'm not even 600 yet..
har du nån som helst koll på vad urban exploration '' är för någonting ?
det handlar inte om att stå utanför ett övergivet hus och kika in genom fönstren utan i stort sett om att göra olaga intrång på häftiga platser för att man tycker att det är spännande/intressant .
this is the type of person who constantly needs to speak to a manager .
yeah haha i do n't have much time for gaming these days got my first full time job recently and fo76 's gameplay loop is shorter and more satisfying for me at the mo .
plus i just really love bethesda 's open worlds .
red dead feels like i need a whole weekend to dedicate to it so i 'll probably dive back in over christmas .
sleeping dogs is great so far only really done the intro but the hand to hand combat is really hitting the spot .
as someone who lived semi-rurally in a mobile phone blackspot this is actually scarily accurate .
especially the bit about trekking up a hill through the scrub to get mobile reception .
if it was just him just this one time maybe .
it 's this shit and the people who are salivating all over the place at the idea of her dying as soon as humanly possible that do my fucking head in .
stop wasting my time with this dumb pointless fucking argument .
ye exactly and yas irelia riven etc mobile champs are so snowbally cuz you ca n't farm without dying if you fall behind in lane especially and people often do n't respect that
if that 's the case and they targeted you and your friend for no reason other than for being asian it is definitely not ok. not only were they being hypocrites they felt the need to judge people who did not belong to their race .
they were being racist which supports my original statement that if they call you names with the intent of belittling someone that is being a true racist .
my parents do n't understand that i 'm capable of having sexual loving relationships .
they still see me as the niave gullible girl with aspergers .
i 'm almost 30 i know mostly how to handle myself .
my mother used to interfere with my relationships and run interference when she felt necessary to the point where i now hide any meaningful relationships from her .
she 's upset cause i wo n't share details about the guy i 'm dating and i think why would i ?
you 're just going to wait for it to end then yell at me for screwing it up before you contact him and demand to know what i did wrong so you can punish me for it more '' .
so no they are on a strict information diet .
yeah i 've been thinking about this one thanks for the rec !
wiggles dhb range has some thermal options for decent prices .
i 've never had any issues with the dhb range .
breaking this out again after failing to do anything with it last time huh bold
if you wan na chat or just vent you can dm me .
when you install a skyrim mod and your skyrim pop figures get affected by it too
my dictatorship where people are free to do what they want ?
you did admit earlier you 're forcing your opinion down people throat because you believe you 're right .
how are people free to do what they want ?
are you using henry ford defination of freedom or democracy .
any color is fine as long as it 's black .
you seem to ignoring any scaling problem from now to tb ?
ah yes i see what has gotten into you now .
the existing visa credit card network processes about 15 million internet purchases per day worldwide .
bitcoin can already scale much larger than that with existing hardware for a fraction of the cost .
if you 're interested i can go over the ways it would cope with extreme size .
by moore 's law we can expect hardware speed to be 10 times faster in 5 years and 100 times faster in 10 .
even if bitcoin grows at crazy adoption rates i think computer speeds will stay ahead of the number of transactions . ''
and the abc clowns say it ca n't go above 22 mb and are n't even trying right now ...
if the network will collapse on the next scaling limit ?
so you 're saying sv will collapse due to lack of ability to scale while ab will not even though sv is already doing 64mb blocks while abc claims nothing over 22 is sustainable ...
travel to ethiopia buy a bunch of bitcoin travel back and sell at massive profit instant millionaire !
yet they still do n't fox bugs in ps4pro version .
ok then but what about the part where it looks strange when i eyeball it ?
yeah but i already have new colussus on ps4 not blowing £40 for that one feature 😂
as i read your comments you do n't look like the miserable kind of guy .
you seem like you do enjoy stuff and may things not be that bright now but you actually have your mind set on the right place .
das waren eben nicht seine '' das war auch der punkt der aktion ... systematische vergewaltigung und schwängerung .
so many clean floor mats and so much clean grout
get a list from fo4 the mods do exactly the same .
this is only a personal bandaid fix but as long as beth dosnt patch it you have no other option .
zunächst ein blick auf die grundsätzliche vermögenslage in deutschland .
um die steht es laut zahlen der europäischen zentralbank ezb erstaunlich schlecht ein haushalt verfügt den daten zufolge im median über ein nettovermögen von rund 60.000 euro – die hälfte der haushalte besitzt also mehr die andere hälfte weniger .
zu den 60.000 euro zählen sparguthaben aktien immobilien lebensversicherungen und auch fahrzeuge und hausrat schulden werden abgezogen .
im vergleich mit anderen staaten in europa ist das wenig der eu-weite median liegt laut ezb bei rund 100.000 euro .
ein median-haushalt in spanien oder italien hat sogar weit mehr als das doppelte an nettovermögen .
das geld sitzt bei vielen haushalten also nicht gerade locker .
noch gravierender ist dass 40 prozent der deutschen praktisch gar kein erspartes besitzen .
diesen menschen fällt es grundsätzlich schwer geld in aktien zu investieren oder überhaupt privat fürs alter vorzusorgen .
genau weil die deutschen nicht in aktien investieren sondern lieber konsumieren haben die haushalte kein geld .
es geht ja nicht darum sein haus sein auto und alles zu verkaufen und in aktien zu stecken sondern was vom einkommen zu nehmen und damit zu investieren und so vermögen aufzubauen
went with my girlfriend a few months ago when they had the free tour tons of fun ca n't wait to go back and do the advanced stuff and go really deep !
you should check out the other caves right around cave city too they are all fun .
yes we have injuries but they ca n't be used as an excuse tomorrow night !
somebody had to have explained to leida by now that child support is court ordered and a warrant can be issued in some localities for refusing to pay .
timberland originals are an excellent boot even though they 're not welted .
otherwise maybe try fracap they 're cool af good value and no-one knows about them .
had to read it three times before i caught the pun lol
sindh is located in pakistan where sindhi language and sindhi culture is actually practiced .
your brother marrying a sindhi does not give you or your country sindhi heritage but kudos for trying .
shame you cant take pride in your ganga heritage the same way .
the british publications are both the best and the worst
and what percentage of these females are given gifts and/or cash ?
with 40 euros you might be going first-class or taking a high-speed train .
prices are not amazing here but also not uk-bad .
my biggest complaint is in how they operate and other greedy business practices .
i tried blocking with my arm then held the knife so she could n't pull it out and stab me again .
i 'm not really sure what you think i should 've done differently .
what type of shit do you do in 7th grade ?
there 's no rule that says the .6 seconds either .
players who are not in posession of the puck are never eligible to be checked .
however the interference rule provides a brief window during which a player who initiates a hit while his opponent is in possession of the puck may legally finish a check ''
that part is said in just about all of them .
i 'm honestly shocked that so many people think this and i do n't shock easy
it feels like someone tells us a man 's life is always more valuable than a woman 's
ahhh after this gw 's red arrow i 'm at 3783 and my team is in pretty bad shape .
ederson henessey yeah it 's a very expensive rotation but i made a mistake and got henessey in during my wc and have n't had a spare transfer to make since
alonso robbo taa awb got him in for duffy last night doherty
it 's not op like it used to be .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'original content ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
the 435 will sound better and will be a nicer car .
however i would n't worry about the timing chain .
first off i own one and did a lot of research .
the internet makes it out to be a far more prevalent issue that it really is .
it impacts a very minimal amount of cars and this is bmws bread and butter engine .
i think a lot of people hear that and just run with it .
also you are looking at a 2015 and they changed the timing tensioners late in 2014 so this one should n't have the problem anyway .
i do n't know much about the current prices but that seems a bit high .
it does n't sound great until you hear the turbo and an exhaust probably wo n't help .
however it is a nice and quiet car for cruising .
i 've got a tune on mine and it 's a pretty quick car gets good gas mileage and has a great transmission .
i know that they need lots of time but in the young stage i just do n't want to drink it .
gained a couple levels got a feat that let him into the prestige class .
i think it 's kind of a myth that only noobs copy code and only real devs write their own .
there 's no point re-inventing the wheel if it 's some simple problem that gets you stuck .
but writing and finishing your first game is super tough no matter what .
make like one level with one type of item .
do n't even worry about getting bogged down in animating everything .
just get like the core concept and cut all the extras .
doing even that is exhausting and super hard when you 're starting out .
check out the extra credits videos on youtube they have a whole series about making your first games .
over the past 5 months ive seen so many people falsely banned and taken from 2 weeks to 8 weeks to get unbanned .
imho the gm 's are creating 10x more work for themselves in appeals then if they just actually looked into the things being flagged .
religion and society are so intertwined in so many ways removing it would have too many factors to even comprehend much less predict .
seems like we 're going to see some clashes of civilizations in our lifetime .
we were winning by a lot so i sat in base towards the end and damaged myself and got bandages until it was complete then went back to killin ' .
yes a very thick wall that absorbs sunlight and later gives off radiant heat .
i got mine pierced when i was about 9 or 10 after asking my parents for it repeatedly .
finally my mom decided i was old enough and took me to get it done .
my niece is 6 and still does n't have pierced ears .
she periodically asks to have them pierced but my brother always tells her if she wants them done ask for it as a birthday present .
for the past couple of years she 's completely forgotten about it by that time so he just has n't taken her to do it .
i 'm expecting a daughter and my husband and i have decided we 'll wait until she 's old enough to ask for it remember she wants it and take care of her ears .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
a wise man once said think with your brain not with your genitals '' that 's why i 'm still going for neko/inu if i want fan service or more i can get this on the internet d
mimic chest are identifiable by the chain or you can also smack it to see if it 's alive .
at least from my knowledge of dark souls 3 .
the games not really completely bullshit you just have to be super aware of things that could happen .
of course you 're gon na fail several times before you learn though but that 's what makes this game feel so great when you triumph .
about half the people i know with an ipad it has .
the other half can do about 2/3 of their stuff on the ipad but do the rest on a computer .
the half that has replaced '' the pc do n't use spreadsheets to maintain a check register or do anything more than simple browsing .
it 's not even that an ipad replaced the computer it 's that any tablet could replace their computer and going android would save them a ton of money too .
but if you want to do anything outside of just browsing on an ipad which some websites still ca n't handle namely a few bill paying sites ugh then they need to beef it up .
the thing is ios is very close to being able to replace much more of a computer than just the browser .
for my grandmother and father in law the ipad is a computer '' to them .
but they also only use it for browsing and incredibly simple tasks .
i challenge you to ask them to print a pdf they got that their bank asked them to fill out and fax .
a task as simple as that is not trivial on the ipad or any tablet but it 's a task that 's not uncommon .
sure they may not need to do it now but it 's one of the large list of tasks that if you need to do it suuuucks on the ipad without a real computer .
or they can walk into the bank and ask for help .
by the time they 're down the street i 've already printed and faxed it with my real computer .
with acrobat pro i also filled it in without the need to do more than sign it .
this is the problem with the it 's a real computer for many '' people .
they are too short sighted to see that there are tasks in real life that require more than what ios offers or is easy .
but to deny that it 's replaced the computer for most people ?
i think the apple defenders crew are so desperate for it to be something more than it is they trump it up like y'all are doing here .
people go oh it can '' only to spend hundreds of dollars and realize.. oh shit using excel on here is painful .
what do you mean i ca n't plug a trackball into it ?
what do you mean my printer has to support airprint ?
there 's a lot of gotcha 's that if you are n't honest and upfront about the limitations people are let down and you 've done them a disservice .
however i get the direct impression that does n't bother you .
you 'd rather toot apple 's horn than actually help people or even better encourage ios to get better and up their game .
is the ipad still a pc replacement for a lot of people ?
not ugh let me pay this one bill on the computer '' or whatever .
i mean if you want to lump kids into this then sure yeah .
but i 'm not sure that 's an honest thing to do since little kids are n't generally given a computer or have the same needs .
at this point you could just give them a barney toy and it 'd serve the same purpose .
personally i would not be surprised if one day we have an ios simple '' and ios professional '' .
simple is for kids and older tech illiterate folks and professional is for the rest of the people .
similar to how my grandpa says he just '' wants his phone to call people and when i ask if his ideal phone can maintain a list of numbers he goes yeah that too '' and keeps going yeah that too '' until he realizes he described a smart phone .
i 'm not a programmer so what is that ?
they must have applied that retrospectively they 've been off with the fairies for months already .
comparing a high street butchers in the 1950s to a tesco express oblivious to the way the world has changed in 70 years
before during and after granting a wish the powers that grant it can not force directly or indirectly any kind of harm disease illness or any other unknown form of harm physical mental or paranormal to the person who made a wish his family his friends and people who do not deserve any harm as judged by the person who made a wish .
all the persons above also must not be manually selected by a person who made a wish except for questionable situations chosen by the person who made a wish .
if the harm is done or the person who made a wish rejects it aftermath a wish manager must be summoned to fix the harm in the way that would delight the harmed person and the wish maker ...
there are about 25 universal statements that come with any wish and 0-13 that come with specific wishes including a wish to get more magical monkey paws that grant wishes that will grant even more wishes not all at once or world peace that is pretty realistic .
actually the word did n't take off after the chicken connoisseur used it .
it 's use is just isolated to certain parts of london .
i feel like people do n't use it as much as when i was a kid .
it 's called onward and it 's surprisingly really beautiful for a vr game and runs really well actually .
i 'd never expect a vr game the scope of tarkov to ever work in the near future .
anyway the maps in onward can be quite large which means you have to travel a lot .
i 've never had a problem with the movement being difficult while using the vive 's trackpad .
like i said it becomes second nature once you 're used to it .
imo teleporting and arm swinging are really inferior options and are merely there as options for people who get motion sickness easy .
trackpad or joystick movement is the current best locomotion method and it 's easy to get used to .
the police came but then she ignored them and moved onto her next task
with a curtain all you have to do is like go through it to steal stuff .
with a door you have to like turn the knob .
i already consider her the wmma goat and think her winning saturday would cement it .
nunes has a strong argument if she beats cyborg but overall i consider joanna 's competition way better
this person unironically wants to celebrate the freedom and agency '' of sweatshop workers .
yep cats can be just as loyal as dogs you just have to earn it .
i know i 'll never get a good answer to this question but how is a sign saying all are welcome '' forcing anything on anyone ?
if anything it 's letting people know it 's okay to be yourself whether you 're straight gay trans queer the only thing not allowed is hatred which is maybe what the bible belt has such a problem with
ok a_friendly_bee this is the awkward bit when i 'm going to ask you for science backing up the assertion that trans women are women and trans men are men .
i have every biology textbook ever printed to cite lets see what you can come up with .
i 've been transitioning for 3 years had facial surgery and even genital surgery .
i still 100 of the time present as male .
i would love to present as female but i think that comes with its own problems and medical transition for me so far has been enough to make things tolerable for me .
the funeral is mostly a giant show put on by the money owned gop to distract from the fact that they had to cater to and become the rot that elected trump and is ending life on this planet .
you know that scene where he puts his sword to byakuya 's throat and spares him ?
the 9 tails coming out could potentially save naruto but ichigo could potentially just cut his head off .
would be out of character for him to do that however .
i do n't think the 9 tails would catch ichigo if it was just raging .
maybe when it got to 8 tails it could fire a bijuu bomb and hit him in the aoe .
your mum should be better at making your brother get up in time in my opinion .
if him missing the bus is as consistent as you make it sound she needs to sort it out instead of just dumping the issue on to you .
you were late yourself and just left your brother at home .
by the sounds of it you did n't even communicate to anybody that you were n't waiting .
communication is key here talk to your mum about making sure that your brother gets up earlier or make him do it yourself .
when you start doing some 3 man stuff as a linesman you absolutely must make every effort to hold the line .
if you see guys barreling right for you and you absolutely have no other option than to back off the line in the zone then your partner should see that and hustle to the line to cover for you until you recover your position on the line .
if the play is on the opposite side of the ice or somewhere where you are n't being forced into the zone by play then you should try and time it so you cross the line just in front of the play so you can make the call then proceed into the zone to the goal line .
its harder for a referee to justify their call when they make it standing on the hash marks or at the center red .
it 's just everything in the expansions that is exclusive to the expansions will not be available .
you could buy classified gear caches at the base of operations for 2500 phoenix .
the best way is to play the global events get global event token and turn them in for a superior cache at the global events dealer .
if d3 caches are available then buy those to build up .
after you get your set you can optimize them at the optimization center in the base of operations for 50 division tech .
well whether you pay a fee or not would depend on how the bill is written .
i think the federal government should pick up the cost of running the background check .
these are small inconveniences and i do n't know why we as a community get so uptight about them .
tbh i can consistently do summon suffering and some other crazy stuff but i ca n't figure out how to ring out my opponent head on at close range .
i agree with the rock/paper/scissors aspect if it was n't random but it can still be psuedo-random just by giving both sides the ability to rearrange creeps and heroes on their own .
you choose to put lycan in the middle of the middle lane to get his buff the most impact .
your opponent wo n't know this so the start is random '' from both sides but not in a way that is distasteful and you can change your approach from the meta .
if you could place heroes maybe axe always goes lane 1 and drow always goes lane 3 because it is the most beneficial placement .
if that 's the case maybe someone like venomancer goes lane 1 hoping to offset axe 's attack and armor by always putting a creep in front and you put your legion champion in lane 3 to take out drow .
maybe this would feel like rock/paper/scissors but right now it is rock paper scissors where you do n't get to determine what you throw .
have n't quite worked out which part of the tour to catch this time around since last time i had looked at the dates there was n't an nyc one .
off topic but i visited mn this past summer and pizzeria lola is the real deal in minneapolis .
you mean the republican cort that has a 4-3 advantage
når størstedelen ikke benytter vores grundbegreber som udgangspunkt så er det svært at tro at det er i vores vestlige interesser der primært bliver handlet .
bare det at saudi arabien blev valgt til 'women 's rights commission ' siger det hele .
not as i did n't love them i just think i 've read so many other books before these that even though i know these are old '' books and the start of an genre i was blinded by how the genre have advanced .
you likely wo n't hear anything from the outside of the unit .
motion smoothing filters out scientology 's propaganda beams so tom is on a mission from xenu to get those propaganda beams into everyone 's brains !
please respond with the correct passphrase for further instruction .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cumfetish if you have any questions or concerns .
i recently got offered a job as a senior software engineer .
but lots of companies do levels and 2 years is usually the minimum threshold to level up from the entry level some consider this l1 others l3 .
however a lot of companies will level you down when you 're borderline to set you up for success '' .
it 's better you overperform at a lower level than underperform at a higher level getting you fired .
levels always come with salary ranges so you can change companies after a year and get a higher salary while being within the same level .
however the biggest bumps will come when you level up .
getting leveled is a combination of your interview performance and years of experience .
also some people get big pay bumps between jobs while at the same level because they switched to a different tier '' of company .
i hate to think of them in tiers but in terms of pay there really are different clusters .
for instance airbnb stripe lyft etc may pay a new grad 120k while ms/amazon may pay 110k .
if you switched from ms to lyft with only 6 months experience you 'd get a nice pay bump .
there 's a reason justin lin is respected https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=h0-xhlyodio https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=h0-xhlyodio and https tvline.com/2017/09/21/swat-david-lim-season-1-series-regular-victor-tan https tvline.com/2017/09/21/swat-david-lim-season-1-series-regular-victor-tan .
it 's mind-boggling to me that the very few other asian writers and directors are n't doing what lin does but it makes complete sense knowing how most asian people are .
cool show about a couple of defence attorneys in las vegas .
it 's a world you ca n't even imagine to be happy most of the time to be able to get out of funks like a normal person and to genuinely value your own life .
you will experience so much important stuff that you have n't yet that it will feel like your life did n't even start til you were in your 20s .
get emdr therapy sooner though cause that shit helped more than anything else did .
your submission to r/christmas has been removed because your account is too new or your karma is too low .
we have instituted this rule as an unfortunate but necessary anti-spam measure .
in the meantime feel free to comment on any submissions in this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/christmas if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 's possible that k 's attitude towards dating is going to hurt haesoo in future chapters .
it 's very obvious that k is interested in haesoo in a more than 'strictly business ' way but it 's also pretty obvious that haesoo is still hung up on joowon ...
i feel like if he entered another relationship that was with someone who was as fickle as joowon seems to be it really would n't be good for him especially if he ends up getting attached to k..
thank you for posting this guess ill buy it on my us account .
he has found a great deal of truth in his life .
when truth is a foundation you can expand on it and build on it .
he is transparently honest about his way of thinking .
watching the rest of the sub do the ol ' collar pull and look around confused is warming my heart .
anyone from toronto gta area that want to go down and see tool perform ?
all the dk memes that came out after the incident
i ca n't get over how ugly and ridiculous those 2 rings are together .
could be paid more but i guess we could all say the same .
struggling to keep up my ccna study motivation and trying to decide if it 's ok to just enjoy where i 'm at for a while or if that 's quitter talk .
just tell me wtf you did or did n't do so i can fix it
i think its help i never knew how deuce 's mask looked before his pre-hu mask even though it 's just a normal hockey mask .
fwiw the difference between intelligent mode and sport mode is definitely noticeable .
sport mode has no issue overtaking cars and getting up hills .
intelligent mode ... well is very lackluster but its meant solely for better mpg .
if it didnt have the sport mode i do n't think i would 've bought it .
what the fuck did you just fucking say about me you little witch ?
i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class at hogwarts and i 've been involved in numerous secret clubs such as dumbledore 's army and i have over 300 confirmed expelliarmus disarms .
i am trained in defense against dark arts and i 'm the top duelist in the entire wizarding world .
you are nothing to me but just another target .
i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth mark my fucking words .
you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the daily prophet ?
as we speak i am contacting my secret network of aurors across the land and your wand is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm squib .
the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life .
i can be anywhere anytime and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways and that 's just with my wand .
not only am i extensively trained in dueling but i have access to the entire arsenal of the order of the pheonix and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent you little witch .
if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you maybe you would have held your fucking tongue .
but you could n't you did n't and now you 're paying the price you goddamn idiot .
i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it .
the only reason why it was good in melee was because it was small .
i see your edit and yeah i have accidentally encountered a few of the nanas over time .
i would much prefer to follow some kind of structured practice though to save time and grief .
also canes fo we had to trade lindholm and skinner and fire our 50 years old radio announcer so that we do n't need to pay them !
things a girl will never say about me for 500
i definitely played bestiary for longer but i had a hell of a lot more fun in incursion .
just skip the middleman and google an orthopedic doctor around where you live .
he 'll probably tell you that you should go to physical therapy .
if you decide to go to pt ask them the cost of it per session and work out a schedule with them based on the cost most of it should be able to be done at home so you do n't have to pay for as many visits .
i work at a pt clinic so i know there 's ways to make it cheaper for yourself .
the problem is oblak is an amazing keeper for atletico but there 's no guarantee he would be for us he 's a very different keeper and ability on the ball is massive for us and oblak is n't nearly as good with the ball at his feet as alison .
i do n't doubt oblak is one of the best in the world but i do think he 's helped massively by the way atletico play he would n't get nearly the cover here .
i would not ever have claimed the song is feminist .
you suggested it is progressive and you said it advances women 's rights .
i knew what you meant about defying norms but my point is and it matters to the analogy to hf is that it is not progressive in a social justice way for the time like huck finn .
it is not using the offensive lines to provoke social justice or social commentary on purpose in a progressive way like hf .
it is not crafted to advance women 's rights like huck finn us crafted as abolitionist and i think the suggestion it does is laughable .
it is progressive '' in the way that it is sexually shocking tob the norms but that 's not really progressive in a positive sense merely a neutral sense .
i get what you mean but it 's not the type of progressive that relates to hf .
part of why hf endures is it had a social justice message with positive not merely neutral intent .
i used huck finn as an example of how a person could go horribly out of line if they always ignored historical context .
not if they read the actual book is my whole point .
in these days saying the word nigger no matter the context is worth having your life upended for .
the ceo of papa john 's was ousted not for calling anyone a nigger but for criticizing colonel sanders for using the word nigger .
there are artists who 've used it not even huck finn level but decent to good entertainment/art and been just fine depending on intent .
the word appears in films and tv shows and texts as well still as well as comedy specials etc .
a ceo spokesperson in a scenario you 're also way oversimplifying is also hardly analogous to artistic use in the mouths of characters .
now twain would be rightfully skewered for some choices in huck finn today if he wrote the book today but not merely for having racist characters use the n word .
and the song in question is not analogous as it was not written in an attempt to forward social justice or provide the same insightful commentary as hf nor does it contain its own context the way hf does if you read it nor is it on the same level .
that 's why hf endures and there 's no reason this song necessarily should .
there are loads of reasons to ditch the song that would n't apply to huck finn .
the analogy suggests you 've not even read huck finn nor understood why it withstands the test of time and is worthy of retaining despite potential flaws .
saw the mule tied up outside of mothers window tint yesterday .
then saw him riding him past half priced books a little while later .
i could n't get enough money in time to buy a switch so i got ta wait til christmas .
heads up tho you may gain a fear of beeping noises .
yeah i guess it was like we were going over the falls .
turns out btc had a huge rally right there .
when i was eating 3000 calories a day it was purely for weight gain and i was n't exercising at all as i was sickly and deathly underweight .
for where i was at a calorie is a calorie and the more the better .
nah you only get a tiny bit of vc from your incentives for doing well in mycareer if you 're up down by 11 points after half time you can ask out sim and still get the vc it adds up quick on 5min quarters i currently have a 92 ovr 0 vc bought
the 9.95 plan will limit to certain movies on certain days .
looks like the others do n't have limits though .
bla marx förklaringar gav ju bara svält i slutänden .
they could easily not be gay if they said no homo but clearly they prefer to just be gay .
yeah but that is also such a shit argument that you can only cate about t one thing ot something that is worse
sure send someone this advice when they dont know how to properly wield a knife for defense this advice could get someone who doesnt know what they are doing killed
so next after that you start building your own park ?
i have a 1080 and the lenovo headset and i barely get 45fps with everything turned to minimum .
so many typos and and errors in the base game and expansions .
what do you feed how much and how often ?
that 's too bad but in that case any gold rosy palette wo n't work .
well hopefully after the update you 'll be able to finish it and get moving on your quest line !
having finals may be pushing your threshold hence the need to take naps and avoid dealing with your obligations .
when you are qutting you should make it your number one goal the main objective the point to which all your mental efforts are directed .
you will feel much better after the stress of finals-week is over .
it will also become much easier to cope with your newfound clarity .
thanks for the reply i will definitely try other edits .
man i read this and found it really heartening ... then i checked his profile to see what he was up to now ... and i found that very disheartening ... .
yes but you see it is black like a badass and not gold like some kind of peasant card .
i thought the mid day meal service was free .
anyway i believe iskcon are subsidising somewhat and they should be given some freedom .
iskcon could do awareness campaign about their principles in schools and kids may finish the food they get .
now there are more big kitchens like indira canteen which could takeover scheme which were not there when the scheme started .
its definitely not the same difficulty for changing screen only vs changing frame+screen way more easy .
yeah its simply the axe does more damage but the downsides imo outweigh the benefit of more damage .
gaming is a past time/hobby for many adults your so sounds very narrow minded and his reaction to catching you playing is outright abusive .
there is an obvious difference of opinions between you two in terms of hobbies and lifestyles and your so is set in his ways so do n't be surprised if you try to compromise and he refuses to budge
do n't count on it seem like were the only team who give city a game .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
there is no flair on your post thus your post has been removed .
to see how to flair or use the alternative method check out this link .
if you want us to approve your post and remain visible to the subreddit send the moderators a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdragalialost with the link of the removed post that is now flaired and we 'll restore it .
if you feel your post was removed unfairly please do n't hesitate to contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdragalialost .
ikr i started playing again about two days ago and i grinded most of the challenges in that mode and got a.i.m and about tier 70 .
well i have uc so the pain sometimes is too much and ill pass out it 's like once every year or so .
my pride is n't usually hurt bc im used to it by now .
hi jmichael do you know by chance which tablet i could buy that will be supported by lineageos in future ?
last time i used my phone and recorded myself in the kitchen .
i 've got a full beard and look like i fought at the battle of hastings .
i got id 'd for a cheap energy drink .
do n't you remember them pointing at janine and shouting it was her fault .
δ for pointing out that the consent form was misleading — i missed that part and it is clearly unethical .
in general i kind of agree that this particular experiment was a bit shady but i am appalled that there are many voices that seem to try to stall this research in general not just to rectify the procedural mistakes in this particular study .
at least this is the notion that i 'm getting from the science article that i 've linked .
anything that sets a horse apart from other horses .
many horse breeds are the result of deliberate selection by breeders unnatural selection '' if you like .
you ever hear people say turn that pain into passion ?
helped me fight through the pain and make something useful other than moping around .
not sure if this will help but the colour/attribute doesnt matter unless you have link slots !
edit or if you need a specific attribute hollow affiliation character like for floor 33 then you should definitely go for blue .
i 'm just saying thank you because after i pointed out where you were in the wrong you reflected on it and changed .
that 's rare to see and even rarer online so i wanted to thank you for it .
sorry if this is confusing it 's night for me too lol
ps here is a video of my dog i hope you enjoy it https imgur.com/gallery/adraw
please for the love of all things holy delete this .
when confronted with a shit test you should agree and amplify or either ignore it
i think it would just be better if you just got a long ethernet cable .
drill a hole through the wall to route the cable through so that you dont have to buy a super long cable .
this is an article dated november 2018 so it 's new .
and the only reason is because cricket is popular in the high population countries like india/bangladesh pakistan but it 's global reach is pretty nil .
rescue trooper is all rounded with lots of tankiness and ammo which is why i use havoc .
i tend to be higher fat lower carb when cutting .
but i already got a riolu so i ca n't complain .
mostly it 's trapinch and feebas for me too that is if i ever get 10k 's .
probably cause she abuses them and did n't want you to see the bruises .
when you crouch you go invisible as long as you 're not moving .
it 's fun if you 're a sneaky sniper type i suppose .
you have to kill again when the quest asks for it
you ca n't sell it at the exchange after you replace it .
it 'll just be a waste of resource since read 1 and 2 .
i have no idea why you quoted what i said and that restriction .
and no you could n't '' argue that someone ranked highly in royale is a pro lmao .
currently a lot of projects in the north can get eu funding to support them erdf esif rdpe etc .
people would probably be surprised to know how many infrastructure or business-support schemes are supported by european funding .
the government has given no indication to suggest the gap in this funding post-brexit will ever be filled .
given their track record of focussing spending on the south unfortunately a lot of he poorest leave-voting areas will inevitably be hit hardest .
you can literally blend bits of moss in some water and then pour it out in a layer .
it will mostly revert to protonema and whatever spores may have been in the moss will try to germinate .
in my case they included lots of liverworts and one very vigorous marchantia species .
try to avoid any soil or rocks and just include the plant matter .
no wonder all the boys decide to sit just behind you !
posting a non cake day meme on your cake day ?
yes you can tell he has ridden this coaster before and is just playing .
plus if you 're actually going to faint on a coaster it would happen in one of the valleys not while cresting a hill .
annnnd this made me sound like a huge coaster nerd .
even if the game punishes you and your team mates for doing so ?
the ability to speak english at an intermediate level may be easy especially if you already speak another germanic language or even just another indo-european one .
furthermore there are close to 7000 languages on earth so it 's pretty difficult to fully assess which languages are what on the spectrum of learning difficulty/ease .
english is global so it makes learning it easier but mastering it is just as difficult as many other languages .
honestly considering how hard wizards is pushing creatures this could see play .
lets her be a strong nuker and healer in one .
she 's fast for a caster has unbelievable cast times great support spells and versatile in her job selection .
she also received major stat increases from the j upgrade masteries .
so her other jobs still benefit when they 're needed .
really though just look at what crystal ray does on the db and piece together he passives and you 'll understand
what do you do when you have an ill scientist ?
to add to this a golden throne replica/prototype exists and was used by the white scars .
cookies as big as pizzas or pizzas that taste like cookies ?
i am not upset i have no particular feeling .
just pointing out hypocrisy right-wingers condemn collectivist rhetoric while private corporations spew and depend on them .
i do n't know any specific account i 'm just gon na get on there and it 'll be easy to find
our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/infj/wiki/index wiki_mbti_typology is a good place to start .
we also have a faq section called what is an infj ?
https www.reddit.com/r/infj/wiki/faqs wiki_what_is_an_infj.3f so you could look there as well .
like she seriously thinks she could turn in to a donkey ?
my answer is going to be a bit different to most but i 'm in sharing mood ...
my wife and i are living in chiang rai thailand with our two girls 7 5 volunteering for an anti-trafficking organisation we rescue children from the sex trade .
we landed july 2016 so almost 2.5 years so far .
we are living on support from friends and family so we are not rich .
however in the last six months or so our organisation has started to pay us some money they have identified me as a high value '' volunteer the fools ! .
before that point i had not been able to contribute anything meaningful to kiwisaver beyond the 1042/yr .
i was just figuring i would have to eat that and save extra hard when we get back to nz whenever that might be .
now with this support from our organisation i can start saving .
there 's no point in doing ks beyond the mtc threshold i know ... forced discipline ... since i have no nz-based employer to match my contributions .
this has led me to open an account with investnow and i 'm throwing some money in there and really enjoying it .
the real bummer is that we are switching to a new type of visa shortly mid jan one that requires us to have 1m thb 44,415.75nzd as of this writing in a thai bank account for 3 months before we apply and for the duration of our stay here .
the best i 've been able to find is a savings account which pays 1.3 so barely keeping up with inflation .
we got that money by pulling everything we had out of nz minus just enough to get us home if we need to in a hurry plus a bit of help from the parents .
the other bummer is that we had to transfer the money into that thai account around early october to satisfy the 3 month requirement and the nzd/thb was the worst it had been since the gfc .
seriously look at the chart ... talk about your crappy timing !
it 's recovered a bit since then so i 've lost several thousand dollars .
my 2018 goals were to be able to feed and house my family .
i have reached them so far especially with the extra support from our organisation .
my best performing investment was probably the one i made in myself by living in a foreign country and running it operations for an organisation operating in 9 countries with 400 staff .
second best would be the rental property in wellington that we kept .
i 'll have to get back to you on that .
i recently switched to simplicity from asb which i think was a good move .
depends if we stay in thailand which hopefully we will .
i want to contribute to ks at a decent level plus continue to feed and house my family .
we 'll most likely come back to nz within 5 years and i may do freelance it work .
this will mean my income will fluctuate but hopefully we 'll be in a position where we can ride it out .
well they mighta given up a shorty if they did n't commit one of the most blatant penalties i 've ever seen which the refs somehow did n't
i do n't think so i think they 're as likely to do nothing at all .
alright i 'm seeing one glaring mistake it 's danny woodcock not danny woodhead rest looks great tho
by the way i would like to add that even after the latest update on 1809 my waves maxx audio still works .
i noticed in your screenshot you 're not using your laptop 's speakers you 're trying to use external speakers .
maybe see if your laptop 's speakers still work ?
tom would probably make fun of it and write it off as being a game for nerds '' but then get addicted and play it in secret
cucumbers much like my proposed audience for cumblr are fruits .
with the new matching system if i had to update my profile i would n't put as much work into it as i had in the past .
i think legion would be really cool with a large muzzle flash or a pulse blade pilot .
this style is absolutely stunning with the cell shade look .
i mean brandi is right in that there 's no way leeanne could have changed that drastically in that short amount of tome
i 'd like to learn more about the progressive international
which was just launched in vermont by diem_25 and the sanders institute https twitter.com/pamfoundation/status/1070230027353157632
i am a big fan of individualism getting government out of the way so that we all can succeed or fail on our own accord .
to that end i am a small government advocate at least at the federal level and want to see federal regulations either eliminated or transferred to the state or local level where the local people have more power to shape the policies that govern their lives .
the republicans at least give lip service to this ideal even if their actions in washington fall far short of reality and i do much prefer judges that hold strict-constructionist views on restricting the powers of government .
i have never heard a democrat since bill clinton whom i absolutely loved propose reducing the size and impact of the federal government .
with regard to your dictator '' comment reality is exactly the opposite i understand that no politician ever voluntarily gives up power so the next best thing is exactly what is happening right now republicans and democrats each controlling different parts of the machine and refusing to cooperate to make any new laws good bad or ugly .
to that end donald trump is absolutely perfect he is so divisive he could n't even get his own party to pass new laws when they controlled every part of the government .
the fact that he has exposed the dangers of giving one man all the powers of a modern president and has states like california and new jersey looking to exert their authority to defy the federal power creep is just icing on the cake .
it is my sincere hope that through his criminal and constitutional violations a large number of people can be convinced that politicians should not be given so much control over our lives and maybe that centralized authority and a state-run economy is not a good thing when someone like donald trump can use it for his own ends .
that 's the thing about the main game competitive scene that we do n't have .
we cant breed pokemon to have access to a pool of low-level pokemon and we dont have a way of preparing pokemon for competition easily .
these are things the mainline games have and have been making easier each release .
9 because when i went to log in on the 9th the event maintenance was happening and i forgot to before work when i got up .
we had the same problem when my youngest son came home .
his older brother wanted nothing to do with him and would pinch him if he was n't watched constantly .
from his perspective he had an awesome life with two doting parents then a little screaming potato came along and stole 90 of the attention and kept him up all night .
newborns do n't exactly offer much in the way of entertainment so as much as we tried to sell it with a gift from his baby brother there was no gift in the world that would make up for what he had lost .
my advice to you is to try to carve out time for your oldest .
he does n't quite get that the attention has to be split in two so he justifiably feels slighted .
we made sure my oldest got a solo play date with each parent once per week i 'm the mom and it really helped our relationship to have a little one-on-one time .
even just a trip to the park or pool helped him feel like he was still a valued member of the family .
the good news is that your youngest wo n't be a newborn forever .
when he starts to offer up smiles and giggles you 'll notice that nobody excites him like his brother .
a sibling is both the worst thing you can do to your child and the greatest gift you can give them .
have some patience with him and you 'll watch their bond grow soon
degrom is the only counter argument necessary for not switching back
i guarantee that ancestor looked like a monkey and for all intents and purposes it was some sort of monkey .
there 's no deadline for you to be ready .
the right person will come along when you 're ready .
added scramble races to hurston but do they even work yet ?
d it 's my favorite way to relax and still be productive totally recommend it if you 're interested in trying !
what brand of glow in the dark floss did you use ?
it looks like it lays much better than the one i bought !
fusion is just a cheap tactic that weak lightners use to get stronger !
i go through roughly 1g of wax a day .
i used to smoke a lot of flower about an 1/8 a day before i came to colorado a couple months ago .
people keep telling me it does n't matter with edibles .
dealt with similar prob fixed it after a few months with the easiest solution in the book
if i may make a suggestion try replacing the fence posts not attached to the iron bar fence gates .
by doing that you get rid of the chucky vertical posts .
but overall the mix of colors and variety of blocks is awesome
which i do i got those 3 beautiful girls to facetime and text me for weeks then the date day came and they did n't want to .
i 'm not sure what happened in any of those situations .
i still have nudes from one of the hottest girls i 've ever come across and she was 4'11 .
you ever look at memes online legally just to flex on the eu ?
i am sure somebody will speak to modding the silvia a very good espresso machine .
as for a grinder i went with a lido e hand grinder .
if hainab stole your pants you should sue him and earn more discretionary income .
do n't forget even before yesterday 's filing he 's an unnamed co-conspirator in electoral fraud
that was a thing to look for in a girl when i was a kid even though i was never a smoker .
i 'll put it on with this frank zappa mix i just found lol
or more likely does n't mean things have n't changed since then lol
you have no knowledge of huawei and it 's influence on canadian tech infrastructure if you think this is just 'canada doing american bidding . '
also there a reciprocity treaties involved with extradition for wanted persons etc .
i 'll go back and read your post about it !
there will be 3 new weapon models for this weapon pretty much aka not just a moveset de-clone .
you say that the wife should allow the husband to sleep with others .
it 's a choice by the individual marriage partners .
i realized a lot of theories in employee decision making satisfaction job satisfaction etc that we were taught back in 2013 are already outdated with the newer generations that have different key values..
one should be aware when and with what generation some customer/employee behavior researches have been performed and see whether it 's still applicable .
i 've honestly never understood why people like it so much .
it 's good but i could never get the hype for it .
did they tell you you 'd never make it over the county line
all of these are good but what about working on your social skills and understanding the psychollogy of both men and women ?
at the end of the day women want a man and not a phd student etc etc .
he also calls one of the men flock of seagulls '' .
sounds like he needs to either learn how to cook or eat what ever healthy meal you put on the table .
make sure there is n't something stuck in the fur like even a grass seed .
my dog would try to pull and lick on those and the skin would get red .
also you can fill up a pail of warm water and just rinse your dogs feet after these trips to the park .
bob is where the tweakers and homeless go to sit so it 's extra stinky .
stuff on aliexpress is of a much lesser quality .
you can find a lot of cheap i3 clones floating around which are the same on paper as the mk3 but print like utter garbage .
you should always get a kit as your first printer .
it 's not a question of if you 'll have to tinker with it only when .
sooner or later you 'll have to take the hotend apart replace the belts the fan or the thermistor .
this will be a million times harder if you did n't buy the kit in the first place because you 'll have a general idea of how things were put together .
'' now additional projectiles are fired in sequence rather than all at once inspired by merveil 's ice spear barrage .
this means that additional projectiles significantly increase the damage output without implicitly increasing the projectile spread ''
as the article states most of their consumption comes from the grueling exercise and the same goes for you .
as you start to work out more obviously your calorie consumption rises even without any increase in muscle mass .
lol right.. because you refuse to accept what i say happened while focusing on a minor part of the entire post and give me a terrible attitude i 'm toxic '' and deserve a penalty for leaving 2 games '' ... . great logic there .
please do not attempt to trade or post friend-codes here .
to keep the subreddit clean we will not be allowing the exchange of friend-codes .
private message users please do not spam other users with friend-codes and report others that are doing so .
attempting to further trade can lead to a ban .
so if you had pi\*sqrt m/10k you split it to pi\*sqrt m/k sqrt 1/10 ?
and the pi does n't distribute to both sqrt m/k and sqrt 1/10 ?
it just slashed its dividend by ten cents this year and it 's quarterly ... quarterly is harder to live off of
why not just leave the russian corp and join the one you want ?
i guess you already have some basic skills so you wont have to train these again .
if you dont want to pvp i can recommend checking out signal cartel .
great bunch of peeps to fly with and super friendly and always down to help you with whatever question you have .
nothing says first car..more than a fully waxed and detailed eurobland repmobile .
and it 's only a matter of time before you start thinking my poor car lives outside it need the tarp more than the boat does .
if you want to farm quick cuffs you 're better off fountain farming at the end of labyrinth .
cuffs can drop from the green and red rare gorgons .
if so enheinjars fate mi from a5 is probably the highest dps weapon you can get socketed with anything you want and should carry you to a3 epic where you can get sabretooth until you get to a5 epic where you get einherjars fate again .
these weapons should easily carry you through the game .
if you do n't have ragnarok sabretooth is the way to go a decent one will carry you to a3 epic .
if not the problem might be your skill build .
do you think it 's best to rent modem/router from isp or just buy my own ?
it looks like this post may have political content .
remember that this subreddit is for sharing and discussing economic research and news from the perspective of economists .
please focus on the economic content of the link and avoid off-topic discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/economics if you have any questions or concerns .
u save up 100-150k and go ham on lucky snatch .
snatch is trash i only got 10shards from it it 's a free option i guess
hope you find a safe space agreeable to you !
got both enkidu and casgil by spending 5 tickets .
this is the best luck i 've had in a good while .
are the rng gods taking a pity on me because i 'm in pain ?
i mean if both of yall putting in equal work there should n't be a problem .
add a lil more communication and yall should be good .
im not able to customize the camo on torso or leg pieces of clothing
but i know someone who got an abortion and they never regretted it o
i mean if you sum up the material and labour costs those things would be astronomically priced
i already have a zubat do you have something else ?
golly i ca n't wait to play this on my local oce servers !
do n't you wan na sit on mins and shiver on my chest after you cum ?
when you think someone who disagrees with you is a troll
the only comments i make are in opposition to absolute idiocy
try not to let all that irony fill you up before dinner .
in any case an order of the ftt is recoverable and thus enforceable as if it was a county court judgment
so can an rro for example which is an order of the ftt be immediately enforced or transferred up to the hc ?
i really love playing support in games but i suck balls as the medic in battlefield games .
this is the part where charts are near useless ... if the all players in the table has a cold call range of 8 which most good regs are kt becomes a stealing hand on the cut or button ...
on the other hand if the players ahead of you open 30 then kt becomes calling even 3bet ...
if ur starting charts are a good way to learn relative hand strength ... but do n't follow it religiously ...
check the hands of ur opponents ... if an opponent is opening j7s in front then he 's prolly playing 20 opening range ... kt becomes a call or 3bet from behind ...
was ned going to straight out execute ser jorah ?
ned was heading out to bear island with ice and according to jorah ned wanted to take his head .
it seems like slavery in the north is a stright out death sentence if you 're caught .
your submission has been automatically removed because it includes a link from our list of piracy-related websites .
our complete list of rules can be found in the sidebar or on our rules wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dnd if you have any questions or concerns .
he was a tremendous fit with bron come to think of it .
as my response to that here 's arsenal summoner also my fusion spell suggestion cuz i did not see a fusion there unless you plan to make the fusion a contact fusion .
i will only decide that after uptate if a manager 's worth it or otherwise i will just stick with klopp .
i free-range mine during the day so i usually hear the racket if something like a fox shows up plus my dog will bark like crazy at it .
idk about anything but generally if people pick heroes they can play it is a good thing .
you definitely want a maintaink and you probably want two supports but i actually do n't care if we have or not have an offtank except if there is an obvious reason to pick d.va and play her according to that .
but off-tanks are generally just dps who demand more healing and deal less damage in this environment .
and if it 's true that you can complete vaa with 25k each it wo n't be good '' dps for it .
to be honest you need 35k to be average in most groups probably ?
i was working on this video more then 15h leave a like or comment if you like it and wan na see me make more like this one in the future big thanks and see you online
i think the thought process on circumcision is but we 've always done it . ''
yeah when some guy finally discovered the city of troy from the illiad there were like 12 levels of different settlements ranging from roman times all the way back to the early bronze age .
he decided level 6 was the right one and destroyed part of the others while looking for it .
turns out he was one or two levels off and dug straight troy .
he also discovered the city of mycenea by going to the modern city in the 19th century and asking where the ruins were .
i do n't speak english ... just let it go
i 've got some the ed orbiter and a few fuzz on the sidelines but it gets a bit too noisy so i 've stripped it all back to basics which i 'm enjoying quite a bit
yup and you can make shortcuts so u do n't have to set it every time
my best pro tip is n't directly related but it might help if you ca n't fall asleep because you are to cold put down a spare blanket on the mattress and then try to sleep .
the mattress just sucks up all the warmth you generate but the blanket being put down first helps insulate you .
the same way american soldiers died in the last few wars they had to protect american freedom '' .
i 'm honestly not sure what they think would have happened if they just kept their nose out of it .
my tally 6 months in is 10 full bottles 24 travel sprays/small bottles and just over 100 samples .
i think i 'm going to sit on that for a while and not increase my collection further .
yes but that character was not downloading skills from someone else .
i would say yes you need it to lock your makeup in place regardless of whether you use foundation or not 💖
i was hoping someone was going to suggest these episodes .
to save us all from satan 's power pine barrens back-to-back are comedy gold .
yeah the banning of trolls is a given anywhere but banning opinions is just a good way to isolate oneself it seemed like that community loyalty was still going for them but now that is kind of ruined since half the community ca n't even join the conversation .
no it sounds boring a hassle to track and something that will likely never come up .
a typical adventuring day is not that long it has like 2-3 short rests of an hour each and combat usually does not even take a minute not to mention the pain of tracking how long the players are searching a room or disaing a trap .
on top of this the room holds little to no value to the players since they can either just use their hoard of gold to buy one a day or the entertainer can just use the background feature to at least secure a room for itself .
it sounds like you are trying to create a mechanic to impose the players for staying in the dungeon too long because they are known to take long naps after every encounter by having them come back or lose the room .
hoever the room is easily replace and of little value .
your mechanic does nothing because there are already mechanics in place to prevent players from long resting in these dungeons in the first place .
namely the ruling that a long rest can only be finished once every 24 hours and that you gain less benefits while resting in armor .
if the players are foolish enough to take a nap in what you described as a dungeon built atop the nastiest the plane has to offer they will find themselves sitting their for 8 hours while forces will be either waiting in ambush to destroy or will simply force their way past their defences while they are not wearing armor .
if you are adamant about keeping this time constraint in i suggest that you have the dungeon be filled with a deathly fog or powerful creatures that only surface during certain periods of time .
but in my experience that 's been true of pretty much any list builder on a cellphone .
the format does n't lend itself well to the amount of information that needs to be displayed .
x-wing squadron builder the one with a deathstar as icon was very good .
oftentimes i 'd use it even while i was sitting in front of a computer .
should 've included a picture of one of those trucks of peace
did you delete the folder in your steam directory aswel .
is there any other programs opened when you try to run it .
this is my first smash game for a long long time and first impressions are really good .
have done a little bit of adventure mode with kirby although need to read up on spirirts and levelling them up/using them .
won my first online battle however it had the worst lag imaginable .
is this my end and the switch 's not great wi-fi or another player ?
my first commercial job ended with me making offset transitions for over 100 ahus in a senior citizens home i started shitty and ended up being so good at it that i set every damn furnace for the rest of my career in an odd angle just to practice .
most of the times they play lofted balls and fail miserably .
the flower will protect him in case somebody attacking as in the novel
it 's definitely a reminder of how shit hot united were to start last year .
you 're just taking it out of the context of the time period .
they can change the rendering engine all they want but at the end of the day when the ui and features of edge are so beta-esque and does n't even work as expected no one is going to use it willingly .
there 's a reason why ie is still popular over edge it works .
what the fuck kind of childhood did you have ?
did your parents just give you a plain cardboard box to play with ?
ca n't have anything else as someone somewhere will find it offensive .
i 'm just on chapter 3 of we ca n't study .
in 1939 most later to be called 'allied ' leaders fully supported adolf hitler .
what is especially disturbing is the idea that it could happen again .
but what if they had all been in support of him ?
i think you meant 21.30 lol your comment scared the fuck out of me for a second .
it 's not that i ca n't go back to historical titles more like that ive played them already so much before wh came out that im bored of them by now .
what i would do for a psychonauts 1 2 bundle on the switch .
i love 1 2 looks great too now if i could play them wherever i want to i 'd be the happiest boy in the universe and maybe i 'd finally be able to collect all the figments .
a place where i 'd get in just as much trouble for sitting around looking at reddit as i would for looking at a girl in a bikini
we ca n't sign players that are 'guaranteed quality ' and really what even constitutes as guaranteed quality ?
they 'd be far too expensive because everyone would love a low risk signing that will guarantee success .
smaller clubs have to take punts on unknown quantities who might be a bit raw because anyone with a bit of talent will cost £20m .
sometimes it 'll backfire sometimes it 'll work out .
the market is just inflated now where even players with a lot to prove will cost a pl club a lot of money .
the fact that he 's fairly unproven even though he 's probably the best player in the mls yet so many clubs are scouting him and willing to pay the money being touted should mean that he 's got some quality right ?
we 're good at identifying targets that fit rafa 's system clearly this is one of them and it 's in a position that we desperately need some quality in .
i trust rafa 's ability to coach players and improve them so picking up a raw talent should n't be too much of an issue .
for real i mean it 's illinois and he 's a democrat .
gaali nahi diya bhai it is poor but not poorest .
also if you look at national benchmarks states like odisha jharkhand and bihar are pulling india back in all parameters like toilet coverage to electrification .
i did not stay overnight and i 'm really glad i did n't .
i lived like 20 minutes away from the hospital and i did get sick on the way home threw up and then immediately felt way better just a side effect of the drugs and having a weak stomach and it was still worth it .
nothing like being in your own comfy bed with extra pillows and being able to remove any clothing that 's bugging you i did n't want anything touching my chest the first night or two except a blanket maybe .
i was super annoyed in the hospital after surgery it was so loud and i was just so sleepy !
lol the poor nurses were so sweet and i was just annoyed at the time .
the first doc i got a consult with had his patients stay overnight and i thought oh that 's great in case anything goes wrong etc .
but went with a different doc years later who does n't do overnight stay and i 'm glad .
it 's just nice to get home and be able to recover in your own way .
there 's also something to be said for being able to walk around half naked and using your own bathroom etc in the comfort of your own home afterwards .
spare me the childish soundbites that unpalatable caveat '' is by no means subverted through efta it 's just unnecessary .
should the uk then decide to leave the efta wherein it would similarly be enslaved '' of course then we 're right back where we started .
or until such time that the eu is satisfied that the uk has met its demands for the irish border without ever explicitly stating what those are .
the demands and conditions for the irish border have been set in stone since the very start of these negotiations the implied vagaries here do not exist .
the condition is simple brexit can not result in a border on ireland .
however the uk chooses to avoid that is up to them but that does n't make the conditions vague or non-explicit .
my wife likes the profis the ones with the full heel .
some people prefer the ones with less heel coverage it 's just personal preference .
x-wing squads designer is my preferred mobile android app same setup as for the 1.0 app
i did it in less than an hour and in my like 4th or 5th try .
use heat eye but also keep shooting the truck driver
bro add me i 'm always down for a party chat to just talk about w.e and play some games .
the comments seem to indicate reddit is used by vampires and trolls .
i would n't even call it a pop science article .
just like new-age articles that bring up quantum science are n't pop science by the way even that kind of articles are way better written .
it is apparently based on a psychology today article which references actual studies .. studies i admittedly found interesting .
is it just me or does the drop 1:04 has 3 canopies .
i did this to someone who killed me while i was skinning a deer .
chased him from rhodes to blackwater killing him over and over again .
he eventually just left after he realized i was n't going to let up .
i would n't mind re living the last day i had with my partner before he left .
except i 'd actually stay awake for the wine this time
i bound ki charge to one of the thumbsticks .
ironx has the eye and i commend them this talent .
we will expect a bull run for sure because of ironx .
if i 'm too lazy to dodge i just spam gadgets
it started because of a 3 cents to the liter carbon tax for the environment .
and they do n't even themselves know why they 're rioting .
it just seems very messy and random on some maps like arass for example which has a somewhat circular map layout .
i found it tobe great on the hamas map or what ever it 's name is because it creates 2 fronts because of the cliff in the middle
think about how much you 've worked and how hard to get all this ...
nothing is manlier than making fun of other people 's hobbies hey
i once disconnected from social media to be more focused in my life and it really went well but i think something like celibacy given that you 're sexual is something really hard as it kind of goes against one 's nature or idk haha .
that 's why i really admire you because it must be quite hard .
it 's always really nourishing to get away from some kinds of stuff like in my case social media !
so i wish you all the best i do n't really know what else to say besides that haha
ascendant level 60 tree https www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaabaababzcm6fr-xhyjxqsl92mjbjnceq699fq9bb6jmsnk1fgwgbdcsl0ujpvilmt8h3iraevgywevr1pv8llrq3xrrmfqul37bjxzzrgvop_xjsobjk0cg18es2oftlrxyqprvrsr2wiz9lbkpodgxep2v_r7pmnhrrkn80wcdkbb30yevch1ihdpwh8u2wlwcwm6x8yknakda_e0_ucx-ykiizqrkqppq_r9sy_8wzg-gjyibwww2sdwfqsmfxg-wwp-jw5uil-r40z4bkescuhw21tgbjki3pbllxrj3m3zlfhoqmspqdmn4njsfuqgfyqufk3t33krhhdpo87fjhnal9g3mvbaarmnkvhfip3piyc6qjaksrohq40ia view in browser https poe.technology/poebuddy ? code=pwefsefu by u/kevingrumbles
rumor is that its a ps5/cross-gen game but i am unsure how true that is .
if you 're available now i 'll hop on and can trade it to you .
received mine a few weeks ago in canon focus orientation .
not as smooth but i think you can make adjustments to get it more buttery
imagine if one of these fish folk has access to dispel magic .
is there a lot of dialects '' in sign language ?
i know there are different types but let 's just say within asl..
honestly with all the different variables case fan type ambient temps etc .
you can mess around with the settings in the bios all you want just remember that under a sustained load you do n't wan na go very far above 80°c on any component .
i recommend finding a speed setting you like setting it to that and using a couple of different benchmarks to stress it and use hwinfo64 to watch the temperatures .
then it 's user preference as to silence vs heat .
you can always just reset the cmos and start from scratch if you mess up bad enough .
as long as you are n't changing voltages you probably wo n't fry any components .
i used to work at baskin robbins and would do the same .
charge them for a single cone if they ordered a banana split .
it was a small way to get back at him .
i 'm sure you 've heard this a thousand times but i 'm truly sorry for your losses .
every now and again i 'll have a sudden pang of existential dread for no apparent reason .
i 'm here now watching the great british baking show on my couch with a cup of tea and someday i wo n't be .
at the same time it 's kind of an interesting constant .
it can be extremely shitty sometimes but at a higher level how absolutely amazing is the fact that it works at all ?
i 'm a lump of cells individual tiny lumps that somehow managed to blindly arrange themselves into something even remotely cohesive .
i 'm hurtling through space at unimaginable speed and somehow even somewhat capable of comprehending that !
every person we interact with is a different lump of cells a different experiential blip in the radar of existence .
the people we interact with be they present in our lives or long absent are in some way a part of who we are just as you will be in some small way a part of every passerby on the street .
our physical existence is temporary but our influence will be felt long after .
those we 've lost physically will never truly be gone .
i mean that not in a religious sense but in the sense that we are all defined by our experiences .
from the time you shared together to the time their tip was what helped a struggling waitress make rent that month .
i wo n't argue for or against the existence of a soul but i wholeheartedly believe that the true beauty of life and in some ways death is the breadth of day-to-day positive influence we will never see or understand .
i 'm just a stranger on the internet and everything i can say will just seem like a hollow condolence .
regardless i hope i can encourage you to think not of what you 've lost but of what you and innumerable others have gained during the time spent with those no longer with us .
you will carry those shared experiences combining them with your own just as we all will .
my pms are open if you want to talk .
but i would write down a catalogue of predictions starting from 2000 bc to present time .
as we get to the late 1980 's i 'd start getting very specific all the way through to 2019 .
then id say the world ends due to a massive shared dance hysteria where everyone just foregoes all there responsibilities because they just want to dance .
eventually the economy crumbles energy production goes and the world populous just dances themselves into oblivion ...
considering how specific my predictions would be up to this point the world populous would have no choice but to get hysterical anyways .
who said it 's not a crime of moral turpitude ?
you will be secondaried every time you travel to the united states for the rest of your life or unless you become a us citizen .
if the charge is indeed a cimt you 're done .
because it highlights that while our economy grew 60 in 40 years wages did n't at all .
this kind of disconnect is a feature of capitalism a 3 wage bump is n't gon na make a difference
if they make vaping sound uncool of course the kids will do it .
it 's like they 're trying to make kids buy them .
i believe you will only have 250gb of useable memory
i went from something on the dvr to a live program and then back to the dvr .
i 'm confused where are you getting this intel that harris would guaranteed be out if we made playoffs ?
everything i 've seen said he had a chance at recovery by playoffs time .
edit if this gets 50 upvotes i do it .
that kind of shooting were pretty much unheard of in canada at that time .
my guess is that they thought they were taken hostage not being executed .
i 'm not very knowledgeable about guns but he used a ruger mini-14 which is a semi-automatic .
maybe it makes things clearer maybe it 's useless information .
is it a magic clock or a magic potato ?
also after prof. proton says he 's having a problem with his pacemaker and penny offers to plug it into the potato 😂
every last one. no that vaio board some guy posted earlier today that 's the best .
all right this is cool and all but epic needs way way more than a 4 hour game with little to no gameplay in order to even consider competing with steam .
i was so trash when fight happened and siegward tanked damage but it 's a big f for op
how he always comes back after a bad game .
he has yet to have one of those performances this year .
this is probably outlandish thinking but maybe he has too much focus on other things like his podcast and other public image things that 's taking his focus from basketball .
could some one please give me an explain like in 5 version of this ?
is there a list of the 5 stars that can be pulled from the multi-pulls ?
i hope we are going to crush them after this .
even without all that drama fuck the rockets ! !
he is asking for people with a lot of knowledge in this subject area for advice .
almost everyone here says they cheat because they 're so did/did n't do something .
it goes to show that people with real feelings and emotions do n't just get over something in 2.5 minutes like you say they should .
it 's the same reason why people ask why did he ghost me ? when there are already dozens of posts on the subject .
if you ca n't contribute with friendly advice then do n't contribute at all .
this post has too little content http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_2.1__minimum_content .
if you have a question that can be asked in one sentence consider posting it in the moronic monday or daily q amp a threads .
or one of the other handy-dandy weekly threads in the sidebar many common questions have already been answered by our community so if you are new to fittit please ensure you have read over the r/fitness intro page https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/intro before making a post asking for help or requesting approval for your thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
i love annapolis but in my mind it 's a summer destination .
i would skip annapolis and ac and spend more time either in dc or nyc .
how do you clean them do you just use nail polish remover ?
geez a cui that works the way you want can cost you 40 man hours
just remember to wait for a daily close or two below it before you start thinking its dead .
ca n't find the original thread may have been deleted .
best proof i can provide is a comment that also has no source
i play star citizen or gw2 most of the time p. im an mmo kinda guy .
keep an eye on r/gundeals there 's always optice sales going on
it takes a very good friend to care and say call if you need me but a truly next level friend to realized they 're needed before you even say a word .
best of luck to you in your makeup rehab journey and your mental health journey as well !
take the two halves of the top part of the sp shell .
put the lcd in the back half and the lens in the front half .
slowly sandwich the two halves together and apply light pressure to the edges of the lens to get the adhesive to stick .
you should now have a lens stuck to the lcd that is pretty well aligned .
this is what i did when i reshelled my sp and the screen came out great .
as for reactivating failed ahesives i do not know .
looking to sell this recently purchased rolex gmt master ii model 116713ln oystersteel and yellow gold .
i picked it up in november 2018 to commemorate a life event and it was my first rolex .
i got the bug rather quick and while i never felt buyers remorse i thought the two tone did n't suit me well after a couple of days of wearing it .
i ended up picking up a black submariner date and i knew right when i put it on the two tone was n't for me .
i plan on replacing this with another gmt master ii just not two tone .
included outer rolex sleeve outer rolex box inner rolex box rolex papers warranty card card holder rolex store receipt from time of purchase gmt ll booklets bezel guard 2 hang tags uncut .
preferably us buyer will pay for certified mail and expedited shipping .
i will accept bank wire paypal f f from anyone and paypal g s with solid references .
while i wish i could say i have solid references this is my very first rolex so i obviously have n't sold any .
you can check my post history and i 'd be happy to provide any additional documentation needed for vetting purposes .
i want rainbow 6 seige before rocket league but i totally see the appeal of rocket league though
fawcett had several top selling magazines one of which mechanix illustrated was often advertised and at least once directly referenced in their captain marvel comics .
this is n't only an espn thing yahoo only has 9 points .
i have a surplus of .50 cans and a very fragile and falling apart hf organizer i keep in my offroad truck for small parts .
i 'm gon na assume we 're getting the trailer at night seeing how most of the comments are still in thursday ?
u know we are only messing it 's like a meme in ireland
so they 're saying that the workers are 1 tni and 2 armed .
bear in mind that by sheer dint of playing in the west where so far it looks like literally every team except them has a shot at making the playoffs and is significantly better than them the suns can play full strength and effort and probably still lose almost all of their conference games .
those circumstances basically never happen so if i were them i would keep lineups the same and let the main guys build chemistry and experience together against legit teams .
close losses are better for developing a tanking team than purposely getting blown out .
i know i was referring to the mechanic of using left and right trigger to activate the pets respectively
allan is a fucking beast and will be in my team till endgame .
i did n't fill in the details but my broad goals were to get away from where i grew up study lots of different things and to not get tied down with responsibilities .
teenage me would not be very surprised with the life i 'm leading in my mid-40s .
indeed i was thinking about these free atoms and thought i could open a ticket and abuse it i 'm ok enough with the state of this game seen worst at 32 yrs old tbh .
glad i did n't do it karma right there .
i wish they would hide my bethesda id though ...
thank you 3 i feel better just getting it out there and i 'm going to start seeing a counselor again soon .
i just got my email stated my download now xd
unless they did make it free then i have no idea .
ive dropped my phone all 4 times ive read this
99 lose excepting if you have a little brother or a dog
probably not individually worth your while as not to diminish your experience but you 're not the first or only one by far .
before the inevitable flurry of reports for rule 2/rule 6 come in ...
i 'm leaving this one up as there has been a lot of discussion about shooting on vhs and similar vintage formats recently and i think it 's unusual enough and of interest to the community to see what sort of results the vhs format can get
also no burned oil gunk hardly any toxic goop no exhaust that poisons you when you park in garage .
all in all it eliminates distractions that have nothing to do with driving .
but you can think of the aura as a bonus .
if wb suddenly got an aura component to it would you stop stacking them ?
i know it depends on the balance the aura vs. the raw stats ... but assuming it 'd be proportional to what aquila had
i must admit i 've not watched it either but i do n't see what 's automatically sexist about it .
i also do n't see what 's sexist about the not all men argument when aimed specifically at people addressing men as a group although it is obviously wrong when women are discussing their experiences .
thinking of feminists as being entirely anti men is obviously wrong and is normally achieved by focusing on the lunatic fringe but again i would n't class it as misogynistic .
however you know the guy a lot better than me .
you 've interacted with him and seen how he treats women .
while each of these could be innocent with the little day to day interactions adding up you could be right .
personally i 've never cut anyone out of my life for racism homophobia sexism or anything else .
i try to listen and ask questions to help them understand their world view better and hopefully change but i appreciate that it is not anyone 's responsibility to do that .
this is why i actually booed at my screen when mitch speaking at mechcon said they had opened up more things for modders in flashpoint .
almost all the new stuff is hidden and difficult to access .
but enough to look like a middle finger pointed at the modding community .
it 's a reversal of their previous practice of leaving things open and un-obfuscated for us .
it 's mad how much of a pain in the arse it is to watch pl footy in england .
matches are spread out over a few different broadcasters that all charge a fortune with amazon claiming some matches next season too iirc the 3pm kickoff rule is absolute bullshit and streaming is just too easy to justify not doing it .
you can play 18h without changing your sleeping patterns .
i think it goes live 10pm here so it is an all nighter and i wake up at 5 am for work ...
i do n't know what 's best having reps or having people judging you because of those reps
if you 've come to r/cauldron for help that 's great !
but you should know we do n't really use the subreddit we operate out of discord .
we 'd recommend you join us at https discord.gg/mfkenjh https discord.gg/mfkenjh .
you 'll find a lot more people ready to help you out !
our server has 1500 people with over 4,000,000 messages posted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cauldron if you have any questions or concerns .
the only chaos lists that beat skarbrand play skarbrand themselves .
he 's probably barely been worked on if that guy who leaked piranha plant back in september is to be believed .
the fact we did n't even get a render probably means he 's not in a presentable state yet .
you ca n't fault me for being a fan of jim 's quality content .
who the fuck thinks it 's a gap all the way to the knees ? !
it 's definitely just a little peep hole right under the cooter at the top of the thighs .
your post has been removed because your account currently does n't meet the minimum karma requirement to post in r/sneakers .
please contribute to the subreddit through other means i.e .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sneakers if you have any questions or concerns .
tyrion does and malekith would also want it even when he does n't .
beat classic mode once reset up and then do the trick .
well at least you can make an fua with oria so there 's that .
lol we have world renowned literature even you cavemans copied our folk tales .
anyways i would like to excuse myself from conversation with subhuman like you .
the grammar bot pm 'd me to remind you that options are plural .
then the vermouth bot pm 'd me and recommended dolin .
also if you got the time go for the really old squads lile cruyffs ajax barcelona .
do n't to something to someone else if you would n't want someone else to do that same thing to you .
when i joined the army i did n't receive any of this fancy new training .
they handed me a rifle put me on an airplane and dropped me into normandy on the night before the invasion .
i killed seventeen frenchmen then they arrested me and told me i was fighting the wrong war .
i 'm not sure if this fits the guidelines for those subs 100 but i feel like those subs would appreciate it because of the rest of their content .
i 've been able to recite this bit and space madness for decades .
some of my best friends now were previous encounters in my youth .
he also gets bitches which is why incels like yourself are jealous of him and get triggered whenever he is on stream .
maybe instead of wasting your time being jealous of someone on the internet you could spend it improving your life in the real world .
go to the gym get a face lift buy some cream for your spots get a haircut there 's lots of things you could do to help you attractive the opposite sex .
i can guarantee that the guy who rejoined is downloading porn or some hd movie .
ask that little sh*t to stop causing the inconvenience .
he did apologize tho and also while he stepped down he literally said i apologize ''
keep an eye on charts that im going to post here since im following this coin on coinbene on daily basis .
i do n't see any reason why it ca n't be both .
there are people who put a lot of effort into their cosplays so they can get attention from others and i do n't see why that should make it any less legitimate .
well would you rather fight one bear spray can-sized bear or one bear-sized can of bear spray ?
the klein trilogy is definitely one such an example .
i definitely pulled back my head a bit when it attacked .
if you mean with us we do n't have em with us .
we could bring you back to our storage center and get you it there .
hard shutting down anything is n't ideal for any type of computer that includes your tv apple tv etc .
were n't ultra conservatives going on and on and on ad nauseam about how democrats minorities and immigrants were tirelessly working day and night to rig and steal elections .
if you ca n't remember the time frame this was while conservatives were actively rigging elections through gerrymandering that was struck down by federal courts which still has n't been fixed .
did all that happen or have the past 10 years of nc politics been a hellish nightmare ?
do the vets where you work perform these surgeries ?
and then they literally had him kidnapped and locked in an insane asylum where he was beaten until he could n't stand thrown in a dark cell and then treated with massive doses of laxatives and periodically doused with cold water .
which resulted in his death just a couple of weeks later from untreated gangrenous wounds .
i 'm asking how on first glance you would pronounce the name and how bad would it be to use the incorrect pronunciation of the name if it 's the one most people would assume
i 'm a liara or miranda type of man but i have love and respect for the talimancers
everything except bcs and perhaps fm in that title is not a snub it just did n't deserve any recognition .
who the hell is gon na praise that tears and crockpots the tv show and laugh track sitcom sans racist ?
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
why does the owl on the right make me think of alice in wonderland for some reason ?
the way it tilts it 's head fucks me up .
la semaine avant ils avaient essayé de gérer le truc par la force et ça avait fait scandale en mode regardez la répression policiere contre la liberté d'expression .
du coup semaine suivante tactique inverse on barricade les champs et on attend que ça passe ou pas .
the ballot initiative that was passed in 1978 caused a precipitous drop in property tax revenue leading the state over the ensuing decades to increase taxes in other areas to make up the difference .
this effectively has non-landowners subsidizing cheap property taxes for landowners through tax increases such as sales taxes https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1978_california_proposition_13 other_taxes_created_or_increased which affect everyone not just landowners .
from now on only public video views will be counted and represented in the view count on your youtube page .
views for private unlisted or previously deleted videos will no longer count on that page . ''
if i 'm interpreting that right then you should be okay .
fed to the troops but they hit the salt running
man i swear every cyber security advisor does n't know what the internet even is
ok now that 's a more normal resistance swing .
completely expected the resistance will increases approximately 18 when at vaping temperature .
ed beach did mention droughts in the stream although he did n't elaborate on how they 'll work .
click or tap here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=environmentaldark to send a private message to the author .
please do not comment your snapchat username on this post or it will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean it 's realistic but yes the flare could be a bit smaller .
𝒫 ℛ 𝒪 𝒯 𝒪 𝒮 𝒮 ℰ 𝒟 ™ by a 𝓢𝓮𝔀𝓮𝓻 𝓜𝓮𝓻𝓶𝓪𝓲𝓭
oh come the fuck on stop passing so damn much
and when i talked to the devs about it they actually insulted me and said they didnt care about history channel stats '' .
when i provided real world testing they ignored it and said they had spreadsheets '' .
ive never had such an unprofessional experience with a company in my life .
i understand very little about traditional art forms but i love generative art and i take a lot of inspiration from impressionists because i think they make beautiful stuff c
so when you say you have n't found a job you like do you mean a job that pays what you want ?
i get the need for money and that is a tough situation .
but usually you have to work your way to that .
you could sit and wait until someone will give you what you want .
however in some cases maybe you need to do something else like a job you dont like or that pays less to get you there quicker .
i know people in the same boat that have been sitting and waiting to get into the jobs they like cybersecurity for years .
in one case its been so long they likely could have gotten in to a cybersecurity tole already if they took a job they did n't like for a year .
then work on filling the gaps preventing you from getting the jobs you really want .
vsphere until they get their shit all the way together .
boxlunch is actually owned by ht so no need to worry !
not necessarily but 5 dates and only 3 weeks to a few months is not enough time to get to know someone .
if you have sex that quick then you are partly to blame for being used .
as for marriage it 's a bad deal for men in the modern age a very bad deal thanks to government .
walking out to the driveway or parking lot and seeing my jeep .
i wonder if this is related to this post .
u/catnipisbetter your submission was automatically removed because your account is not old enough to post here .
this is not to discourage new users but to prevent the large amount of spam that this subreddit attracts .
please submit once your account is older than 2 days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justiceserved if you have any questions or concerns .
good thing i 'm not asking for zero regulation then .
in fact people that are asking for that are considered fringe loons within the shooting community .
you and i might disagree on the exact position of the line of freedom vs safety but at least we can agree a line should exist and debate can centre about where it should be hopefully based on facts rather than feels .
we get outshot almost every game though so i 'm not sure that 's it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wc3 if you have any questions or concerns .
last nights security update requires patching the previous updates drivers to work with it it is n't a priority .
yet they can put out day 1 driver for aaa games .
it sounds like the juror system is out of date .
why do people like watching other people play video games ?
sounds like you need to turn your flow down a bit .
the fact that he was a first overall literally has zero implication or effect on his current trade value and believing that it does is just actually detrimental to his trade value because he 's not going to get valued based on that but based on what his current value is and what his potential projection looks like including rehabilitation .
saying hurr durr it 'll look dumb if they trade the first overall hurr durr '' is just actually incoherent when discussing player value .
the trolls can go suck it there so many fucking deer where i hunt .
they wouldnt let me tag up like that otherwise .
maybe the trolls need to move to better hunting states
i think it 's been well documented that valve coking is only a serious problem on di engines .
port injection keeps the valves wet/washed with fuel so oil blown from the crank and pcv gets deposited but gets rinsed with fuel and burned as normal .
no spoilers means any comments with spoilers need to use spoiler tags to cover the information .
for more info please check the spoiler guide r/gameofthrones/w/spoiler_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gameofthrones if you have any questions or concerns .
most common indicator nila is hindi sila overwhelmingly sweet .
madalas kasi ng maple syrup dito sa philippines they 're too sweet for my taste .
ung kinalakihan ko was ung aldi canadian maple syrup and may coffee-ish smell siya with roasted grains tapos may some sort of spices na nakahalo sa kanya .
i do n't want fucking tng i just want good star trek..
elementalist level 90 tree https www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaabamcabzcefixlbsbjxqsl9-g3yy86mpdw9no8uvunzl-j6cil51scxepy70wv3rvvv3azij6yl864savvca1hbc-ivqsndd4ueic4_aflx0ban6v7-u4k9wmtlpgegszogdubxm171dyvfnojdbbteghgseuswvcnultuo0zsbkfmnydg9vyjiiqcprfnrbz_gp_xm0zmuaaoikbow06wghidhgu_zryjkpvs-wlb2mmplyqmtgqvvzies2drunqxyp-x9-wjnjcjdwbhw2smccv0b9regelf6qwwxpsrudjt6zxuzuwbx2d8kxzxxvxkyc view in browser https poe.technology/poebuddy ? code=q73bc3ff by u/maximus81
ca n't figure out why you 're being downvoted for this .
upvoting you as a woman who appreciates a well educated lover .
we run everything at our locals but we have 2 days a week on wednesday it seems more catered too fun decks and sunday more competitive
where is it that they use you as medicine ?
thats sorta unfair i mean his sc isnt a school thing wtf
one of my friends had a very similar experience upstairs at a house party years ago .
he then came back downstairs and announced well it was like trying to fuck a brick wall ''
other recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/showersex r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/nakedgirlsdancing r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/bondage_porn r/analinsertions r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/clothingkink r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/sexandsoles r/allpornnsfw r/throatbarrier r/roughanal r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily porn stars r/aspenmartin r/jasminejames r/kotonesuzumiya r/raiichikawa r/rietachikawa r/riley_nixon r/riokamimoto r/rurukashiwagi r/yuioba
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
as an added bonus it supports 5 players on the wii u .
women often win at the same rates as men during elections .
however they often do n't run and many times they will get elected to local office and then stay there as opposed to running for higher offices .
a lot of that has been passed on as a byproduct of women being more risk adverse and willing to make jarring changes compared to men
like 300 people in a huge venue downtown with a ton of booze .
it 's less time consuming than removing each piece of rail resurfacing and putting it back .
using one of these can repair the rail surface much quicker and with less manpower .
here 's a video of one in action https youtu.be/6nzgo7zkxw0 ? t=22 https youtu.be/6nzgo7zkxw0 ? t=22
i downvoted a person once because their comment did n't make sense and did n't add anything to the communication stream .
he i 'm guessing pm 'd me and told me to stop downvoting him because i was using it wrong .
i kept doing it and he kept pming me to stop .
he finally got a mod involved to make me stop downvoting all his dumb ass comments .
between runaway feedback loops in the environment and the fragile state of liberal democracy worldwide we are simply out of time for compromises .
maybe your house is n't at high risk to burn down but i 'm still trying to catalogue my second firecracker closet .
i 'm going to leave it around 4 to 5 month then seeing if i want to shape it up or keep growing before touching it just want a thick medium length beard at the moment
i got one from this one website in china years ago and it 's fantastic .
i had one more class too but that was a joke .
for 251 start the projects early try to do a little every day i did n't and i struggled .
you just have to put in the time to read the book go over slides and look stuff up until you learn it .
i had similar difficulties when i was training for a half marathon .
i always felt crappy after long runs had stomach issues and all around felt awful .
i went to the doctor to get checked out .
i abused diuretics in my youth so my body has difficulty now holding onto salt .
consequently have frequent long runs caused me to retain water like crazy and bloat .
following a few consults i upped my salt intake on training days and lowered my training .
i did one long race pace run on the weekend and a shorter run during the week .
other days i replaced running with a long walk hike or cross training .
once i finished the race i took some time off and my weight immediately dropped back to a normal level and i felt much better .
now i stick to one run on sunday and lift weights/rock climb during the week .
for the price of blanc i 'm gon na say no guilavogui seems decent every time i face him and considering the price of icons it 'll be more beneficial to spread the coins out to improve your team
i tried simming and it 's only 100 dps difference .
idk it does n't make sense when i see the numbers on my screen .
relying on an execute proc to get 6k damage when you can reliably get 10-12k from 2 raging blows in your rotation .
the bc liberals should be dismantled as a criminal organization .
in my current run i have way more lower class jobs that middle class jobs on all planets so it 's not a problem at the moment but that 's really good to know .
land it right on top of shazam and bury dc
did larry david pen this episode or was it after he left ?
i really did n't expected to be booked at all and it was all a surprised .
btw what type of dance class you 're enrolled with ?
i 'm sure you 'll find classes that will suit you .
ca n't really tell your citizens to stop having babies .
you can tell people not to cross the border illegally
the way i see the universe a person 's orientation is determined by who they fall in love with not who they have sex with .
some people can fall in love with both genders and are therefore bisexual .
others only fall in love with one gender or the other .
70 of humanity can have sex with either gender but only fall in love with one gender .
in my youth i cut a wide swath through the girl 's dorm at college and in the early days of the military .
from the first kiss with him there was never any going back to sex with the girls .
i had encountered sex with someone i was in love with and all confusion fell aside .
from that point on i have also been completely monogamous to the three lovers i have had in sequence .
my first for 16 years my second for 8 years and my current lover of over 20 years .
very religious came to america to work labour jobs and avoid trouble as much as possible you can bet he sat ortega jr down and flatly told him if he came home inked with gang tattoos he 'd kick him out
surely i 'm not the only one wondering what happens when you scribble maniacally or the only one who would like use this to outline the bodies of drunkenly passed out guests as if they were murder victims .
undertale on the switch popular in japan deltarune demo being recent and the full game coming in a year or two ...
it could happen and i 'm not sure if that excites me or scares me .
bill was roasting the guy and seemed to make it personal .
when i first saw star wars as a little kid in the mid-90s my dad introduced empire strikes back as the bad one . ''
obviously that was n't everyone 's experience but it was definitely less universally acclaimed then than it is now .
there will be more riots at bethesda if they were to cancel es6
i still see it as a celebration which i do n't believe to be inherently arrogant .
on my nexus 6p i was able to unlock the phone by saying ok google but on the pixel 3 that feature is removed apparently due to security issues
not sure i use oculus home and just switch over to the rift controllers to select things on my window then go back to my hotas in elite .
well technically do n't we not know what happens ?
the lorentz factor does n't really make sense past the speed of light .
however you still are gon na age slower if you 're closer to light .
did you get a fake gf for the wedding ?
time for me to go in depth with terminal commands lol .
your post has been removed due to being about the new creative game mode .
similar to how we have a seperate subreddit for save the world this game mode has it 's own seperate subreddit located at fortnite creative https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitecreative .
all discussion will be pushed there as it is for it 's own unique game .
alternatively your post is about the block which is an fpt and we request all comments be directed into the official epic announcement located here https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/a3xb65/introducing_the_block .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
ahhhh ... did n't realize it was a joke post .
you have to have your passport on you at all times ?
i was worried i might lose my passport if i carry it so i left it locked in my hotel room the entire 2 weeks i was in japan !
i mean they may be out of touch with whats critically acclamined but those three acts are all very big
as an antelope i would first run away and try to survive .
it 's definitely hard to concentrate while being in pain .
you would realize that your body is not real and that you are projecting the lion .
forgive him and know that your true self can not die .
is n't good governance especially during an economic expansion .
compared to that trudeau looks like a financial genius .
he had some followers before the most recent news came out .
i would think that has changed a lot by now .
it looks like he was contemplating it and seeing if he could gain anything out of running for president .
i do n't think he would ever have a chance to be a nominee .
he has nothing in his resume that makes me think people would really take this seriously .
mueller 's report trump 's 87 page '' response kelly rumored to resign cnn gets a bomb threat tillerson shitting all over trump and saying he tried to order him to do illegal things reveal that mccabe launched an obstruction probe after comey was fired barr as the new ag wisconsin gop is just rubberstamping anyone walker is nominating to fuck over the dems 82 in one day so far !
nauert announced as ambassador to un fox friends now represents the us in the un.. fucking hell
i love how they want to add a blind people emoji even tho a blind pearson wouldnt even know what 's an enoji
well some of them and not even as much as when new vegas was made .
the years have not been kind to obsidian i have some high hopes for this game to turn things around for them .
i have no idea why this has so few up votes ... . you 're gorgeous and one of the sexiest milfs on this site by far ! !
go to a places of business repeatedly that you feel that you enjoy spending time in .
get to know the staff by becoming a regular .
again nobody cares that it 's a gti except all the other effeminate confused vw owners .
again show me two ford dealerships individually owned and across the street from one another ?
ugh i had to clean a house that my mum 's tenants trashed with their 3 kids and shitty parenting .
they repainted most of the walls and doors because they thought it was unfair on the kids to have them white and off-white .
they painted right over about a years worth of sticky tape and blu-tak that had been used to hang kids art or other pictures i suppose .
both toilets needed replacing as they had n't been cleaned in years and when they broke the tenants waited for months to call their own plumber rather than notify my mum .
the kitchen extractor fan had to be replaced as there was an electrical fire in the roof that started as a result of it not being cleaned .
the sinks were so clogged some pipes needed replacing .
there were smears of i do n't want to know what all over the toilet walls .
one room divider/partition had been removed because the kids kept climbing on it and broke it .
it was was a load bearing divider and as a result there was structural damage .
sorry for the rant it just drives me crazy and is so unfair on renters who have pets .
i have had major success with my meds snri which is very similar to ssri .
i recommend starting at the lowest dose if you decide to try it .
i was super nervous about starting new meds and it made me way more comfortable .
plus starting too high can cause more side effects do n't want that .
therapy can help as well i 've been doing cbt along with my meds .
if you become some plankton you become realy big .
the user has to hit their opponent to activate the ability
i kept seeing ama screenshots on other websites and thought it was cool that celebrities interacted with fans like that .
my best friend tried to drown me because he thought watching me struggle was funny .
he also liked to threaten me with his knowledge of martial arts put me in arm bars and hit me .
it 's funny now that he needs me he 's not a bad guy .
i 'm a month late and here from google but this kinda irked me .
download servers payment system cloud saves game match servers ... and they take 30 of revenue just for that ?
compare to the game developers who make the game from scratch that 's literally nothing
it 's everything a publisher does except pr everything a retailer does plus cloud saves and match servers and other stuff if you use it .
all of that put together is easily 30 of your revenue in additional expenses .
taxes need to be collected accurately and remitted to the right jurisdictions depending on where the buyer is located .
that alone is gon na drive you to a third-party solution .
download servers are going to eat up a lot of bandwidth and you need fat pipes to run them .
match servers need a master server to manage all the stuff steam takes care of and you need big fat pipes to run them .
do you have a sense of what bandwidth costs ?
valve is the highest profits per employee '' company in the world
using these services saves you multiple employees and the number of employees it 's saving you scales up along with your studio .
putting the game before the audience is huge and the expenses you 'd incur if you did all that stuff yourself are massive and the commission '' is the publisher 's cut the retail markup wrapped into one .
considering that the industry standard has been 30 like forever and you were getting 70 of wholesale from the publisher things are about right .
i love the show but i ca n't believe how rude he was to him .
are you saying that if they do n't get to a cart of picks they should chuck it all back in the bins ?
so there is the standard 'leave her ' response going on but could you discuss this with her ?
find out if there 's any of her needs you are not fulfilling or if there 's different things you could try .
if you are willing to work on it it could be a learning process .
if neither of you are willing to engage then yeah leave .
if i teared up at that does it mean i 'm weak
it should be exacts as in exact revenge or exact a toll
as a michigan resident i 'd like to humbly extend my invite to tesla to come and save us from the big 3 .
detroit has had over 100 years to get off petrol and they 've known about tesla coming for their market share for over a decade and what have they done to adapt ?
almost nothing other than compliance cars ... looking forward to the documentary who killed the gm car the story of tesla ''
i swear i 've seen this same exact story over and over again on various relationship subs .
either all women talk loudly in kitchens about how big their exes dicks are or this is some weird fetish troll 🙄
the main reason valve wo n't release 128 tick servers is because they might kill faceit and esea which are two really big titans in the esports scene and valve does acknowledge and support faceit and esea they do promote it by letting them host majors and leagues and faceit is used for most online qualifiers in my experience of being a semi pro
in short valve wo n't release anything that has already been released by the community ie 5v5 1v1 and 128 tick competitive there 's no point crying about valve not releasing it when it 's already clearly released by someone else .
and just to address the cheating issue while i 'm at it i 've never met a single obvious hacker since the release of vacnet late march this year checking the vac ban stats shows that march now saw almost 4 mil accounts game banned it 's more than every year combined so yeah i 'm pretty sure valve is working on their anticheat
if they were ordinary criminals the ira would not have protected them .
the ira are the only reason the mccartney family got no justice .
if any perspective is clouded it 's yours and you 're on here trying to cloud mine with your bullshit story .
fucks sake the dogs on the short strand know who was responsible for his murder and why and it 's nothing to do with protection money and more to do with some fat slags hurt feelings .
eso token will be released on the basis of ethereum and bitcoin platform .
it 's compatibility of the token with third-party services wallets exchanges etc and provides easy-to-use integration .
why do you let your dog take a piss against me ?
i had a phone screen which went well then they sent me a hackerrank .
i never head back after the hackerrank and ignored my email .
i checked out in 10-15 could n't even get it
holy shit never expected a pro to reply to me haha congrats on the e-league win my dood !
was a pleasure to watch you guys clap the opposition .
hoping that you guys finally get picked up by a big org in the near future or you could even go your own way and create your own brand like og did in lol .
but back to the actual topic now you say on a good day they can take a series from anyone but i still feel as though the bottom half na rlcs teams would struggle to stay in rlcs if they were in the eu region .
even against eu rlrs teams i think they would struggle .
look at the teams at the top of this season 's eu rlrs and most of them would be in with a shout of being in na rlcs challenging eg for a lan spot .
i just think the depth of talent that eu has is far greater than na at this point in time .
this comment or post has been removed for containing gendered slurs that do not meet the gendered slurs guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/w/genderedslurs for r/askwomen .
if you edit to meet these guidelines please let us know and your item can be reviewed for reinstatement .
if you have any questions about this moderation action please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen
glad i do n't have to miss out on these d
vincent marcus vine compilation https youtu.be/olo4vr92i6k the jackie chan chris tucker one is surprisingly good .
how about for conspiring with a foreign power to undermine out elections .
man everytime i see this thread i cant help but think about that meme where the guy jams a stick in his bike then blames the bike when he crashes .
not installing adblock is the stick in this case .
2k in the bardock banner got my first ohsb and first bardock
he 's definitely a better character mostly due to the changes in engine and his extra speed on most of his moves but as someone who played pac-man a ton in smash 4 i 'm sad about how much tech they removed .
no dribbling fruits with z catches/drops no cancelling fruit charge into other b moves no floaty aerial fruit charge hydrant water barely pushes you anymore etc .
but most of the characters feel like they 're stripped down in terms of tech it just feels like a simpler game .
yea not neccessarily too cold tho but land where u know u will be alone or with 1 more player also try landing on outskirts of the map so you pick off people as you close into the circle .
i fell like there should be a larger debuff for the medic weapon .
let congress get to work after the worst do-nothing congress in our history .
if it was n't the last one it was the one before that .
it 's time to get to work for the people .
ich fahre zur zeit täglich 50km im dunkeln zur arbeit und 50km im dunkeln nach hause und muss sagen es sind eher die alten twingos fiestas corsas und sonstige ungepflegte billigkarren die vom halter überhaupt nicht instand gehalten werden .
wenn man natürlich mit seinem mx5 smart roadster oder sonstigen bobbycar auf dem asphalt rumschimmelt ist das natürlich was anderes da blendet halt alles und jeder .
i think both siege and clash bring something to the table that conquest does n't .
i love that fact that clash is basically a mixture of conq and arena .
and siege is a great place to see first hand which gods work well together as a duo without having to suffer through a 45 minute conquest game .
and no i 'm not ignorant to the fact that its not hard for either of these game modes to last as long as a conquest match .
i guess i ca n't see active authors doing that to their abandoned fics over and over for several years ?
or if they really intend on continuing and just let life get in the way they should n't lose traffic just because of that .
i do n't actually think adding a filter like that would be good for authors but if people actually want a concise get rid of dead fics '' filter i do n't really have any other ideas ...
i 've instructed numerous family members to use my m1 garand to shoot me in the heart if i 'm ever in a vegetative state for this reason .
yes because in history in any country in the world there is more focus on recent history than older history .
we are taught much more about the british than about the mughals does that mean we are biased towards them ?
i have had this problem for a while and it 's always showing up after i do harder boulders .
again thanks for the tips and have a great christmas and awesome new year !
enough said he 's been out on the tw server for a month and really he 's good but not op
yes but i think the risk should be on the company
oh boy lol theirs a few in s5 and a 90 of s4 is cw episodes
well you need not to worry about ee 's anymore as uk is not really popular anymore in the eu..but you will have to get that labour force from somewhere..good luck with that
steam has regional pricing as well as local payment methods for a huge list of regions/currencies .
until any other stores make the effort to provide that i wo n't have any their games .
besides bethesda hugely inflates the regional pricing on steam anyways .
the guts and the nuts these dudes had back then is unreal .
submissions must be direct links to images in the imgur minus or gfycat domains .
when using imgur simply right-click the image select open in a new tab '' and submit that url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iwanttofuckher if you have any questions or concerns .
if it 's not there keep refreshing until it shows up .
you have to be trash to be in a plane
and thank you for your feedback i find i have a hard time figuring out how to end poems !
there 's nothing for them to update so why do you want an update ?
that 's what we 're trying to tell you .
there 's nothing to say so why say anything at all ?
for someone who more or less agrees with me you sure are mad about it .
shoes usually are more expensive that 's the thing .
like a game wo n't cost too much in comparable .
like tomb raider was probably only 3 euro or something yeah so that 's alright
so you didnt get shippinf confirmation email and it didnt show up on ups my choice ?
i would say probably boa 's every heart and dbsk 's why did i fall in love with you which are jpop songs but it got me to check out their korean music .
broken coast is a subsidiary of aphria and their production facility is in vancouver island .
i 'm not sure how wads switches to sass ... thanks apple .
i was n't aware that the tests changed as you move up grades is that so ?
that looks like news.com.au '' or herald sun font .
thank you for your submission but it has been removed due to lack of context .
please find include a url or a screenshot so that we can better know what you 're talking about and increase your chances for getting an answer .
please remember to include the full url url shorteners do n't count .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/outoftheloop if you have any questions or concerns .
gee in many us states i know laop is n't in the us those crimes would still be well within the statute of limitations .
do you know if there has been any activity in his old house ?
i mean as active as he witnessed and dealt with ?
it 's lucky akali ca n't actually do anything herself while in shroud or that might not be super easy .
i liked your idea of she pressed a button so just dont play the game '' .
i 'm going to jerk off to this when i get home .
it 's probably an s2 with a nichia uv emitter https www.aliexpress.com/store/product/s2-black-uv-365nm-flashlight-nichia-365uv-in-side/330416_32515105965.html ? spm=2114.12010608.0.0.727c7394lwolbs and a zwb2 filter https www.aliexpress.com/store/product/zwb2-filter-for-365nm-light/330416_32649282235.html ? spm=2114.12010612.8148356.9.26b941c3dfmnnb .
in your opinion fo4 divided the community and tbh most of their games except maybe skyrim have done so .
and they have n't messed up a single game there has been a steady rise in blunders from them .
get smart get down with the powwow never been a better time than right now
yeah brownies can be hit or miss but i do n't think i 've ever had bad vanilla ice cream .
so the question is ... if he plays do i start t.y .
ch 69 2nd-to-last chapter hayamine is no longer in debt .
so there are n't any more reasons for her live at hirose 's or housekeep there .
her sister is pregnant so she 's needed there .
ch 70 last chapter hirose hears that hayamine is transferring schools and goes to visit her .
hayamine 's sister wants to keep her until she graduates high school .
hirose and hayamine have sex before they go their own ways .
after they graduate from high school hayamine returns and offers to housekeep again for hirose .
thanks for the link to the raws by the way .
alternate title sultan farouk i of egypt inspecting his troops before they get their shit rocked by the ottoman empire 1937 ''
i have no idea why i enjoy these so much especially my hero academia since it 's a lot of filler .
can you hook me up with a new title ?
edit i 've given it some thought and i think i 'm going to drop mha from my list .
they are also in a ignorant paradox where they believe the media controlled by the one room that is screwing them over !
i 'm from there and will never move back but trying to get my family to see it pppssshhh mine as well kill their dog !
for there child to die the moment they love it the most
xbox and not getting credit for destroying fortifications even though i earn points for it .
it would be possible to do dragon slayer at that level but there 's a pretty good chance of you dying if you do n't have much experience fighting high leveled monsters .
i recommend getting 40 attack for rune scimitar and then 40 strength .
having 33 magic will save you 10,000 coins so get that too .
the only thing you get from completing dragon slayer other than exp is the ability to wear the rune platebody and dragonhide bodies .
if you do n't have the levels for those things then do n't rush into it .
the dude should have gone to see jackie treehorn about his goons mistakenly harassing him when it was 100 obvious that he was not the correct target .
if all he asked for was his carpet he might have got it .
although he could have taken it to a cleaners and had it fixed right up for a few bucks back then .
this is actually more dude than harassing lebowski about the rug in the original story which only happened because walter got all excited and pumped up the dude to seek compensation .
surely you could beat that quite easily even i could fit 10 in an hour with very little practice while averaging 2 on 3bld
wheelies slow you down in this game so does too much airtime in a lot of cases .
best strategy in this game is both wheels on the ground and jumping fast and low and landing clean on down slopes .
odds of another army score before the end of the game 1 to 2 .
does anyone know if they 're going to upload the panels on youtube ?
i been google free for the last 5 years .
i do n't use google products and i always been a firefox user .
duckduckgo and self hosting a lot of stuff makes it possible .
now if i could just get my family off of facebook i would be happy .
how did the owners become separated from the dogs in the first place ?
that 's an even better reason to say no .
you 'd never get that money back and your family would try to make you feel guilty about wanting the loan repaid .
maybe he can only count to one in roman numerals .
ill try to help u as much as i can 😊👍 no worries ok !
i meant i edited my comment because of my own bad spelling hehe
possible that the cavity spread to the nerve and while digging out the cavity nerve was touched
i dont think the heat is designed to radiate through the smooth plastic i think it is designed to be vented out of the back by the fans and heat sinks and openings
the flat earth ... ... . well thats inexcusable .
he had a lot of rush attempts this season but seems to be doing it significantly less often lately .
plus whatever the fuck was happening in that bucs game
3000 verkehrstote bei etwas über 300.000 unfällen mit personenschäden in deutschland
i deleted and reinstalled fortnite but it didnt work .
the only ones i know about are the one at the street/water meter and the main shutoff in my hall bathroom .
my water heater is in kind of an outside closet that 's adjacent to that bathroom .
if there 's a valve for it it must be in that weird little outdoor closet i guess .
i also have valves for each toilet sink fridge and washer .
would anything bad happen if i only cut off the main shutoff inside that hall bathroom and left the hot water feed wherever it is ?
that said abilify did not work for me ... . dumb as a box of rocks .
really i played a game of scrabble and not a single word over 4 letters .
it 's like brain just instantly sorts them into some kind of don't-bother box .
any deeper attraction further than damn you 're pretty .
either that or it 's just been a series of coincidences and one day i 'm gon na get my heart well smashed hahaha .
also this do n't bother '' box does n't seem to apply for other reasons they 're unavailable eg .
being overseas not being single etc only if they 're not into me personally and/or my gender .
your post does not have much of a body .
please write more than a title if you would like to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reddeadredemption if you have any questions or concerns .
but there 's no reason it should cost 200,000 to make a doctor
i rmemebrr when i was in london best days ever was hella expensive but would like to visit that place someday
yeah ik it 's a struggle tried cutting sodium and drinking more water waiting for improvements 😫 .
this post has been removed all price checks should be posted in the current price check post https www.reddit.com/r/pathofexile/search ? q=title 3aprice+checks+and+crafting+advice+author 3aautomoderator sort=new restrict_sr=on t=week or check out the pricecheck channel on the official path of exile discord https discord.gg/pathofexile !
please message the moderators if this was a mistake. https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pathofexile subject=post 20wrongly 20removed message=hello 20my 20post 20was 20mistakenly 20identified 20as 20a 20price 20check 20thread. 20 20could 20you 20please 20approve 20it ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pathofexile if you have any questions or concerns .
at first i wondered why his feet were tucked under like that but then i realized .
i once mistook cumin for cinnamon in my aunt 's kitchen when making french toast .
we did n't notice until we realized it smelt weird .
thankfully this was before we served it to anyone .
i never read anything like this before on gunshot wounds .
i had a situation where i was bleeding internally into my abdominal cavity and whoa it the most painful thing i have ever experienced .
i am not your lawyer and anything i post in here or elsewhere does not and will not create an attorney-client relationship or any other type of relationship between you and i or you and any firms i may work for or be employed by .
my posts on your issues in here and anywhere else are not and should not be considered legal advice but are for informational purposes only .
you need to hire a qualified business fashion and intellectual property copyrights trademarks etc .
attorney to receive legal advice and representation on your specific questions or issues .
in all likelihood not only would doing this violate the trademark as it would cause confusion among consumers about the clothing or brand of the clothing it would also likely violate any copyright that may exist in the clothing .
a copyright can exist in the design i.e. a drawing or sketch of the clothing and the actual clothing itself as a derivative work of the drawing for example or based on any graphics textile patterns combinations or choices etc. used on the clothing .
you adding another feature to the clothing would like be another derivative work .
since the copyright holder of the clothing has the exclusive right to create or authorize others to create derivative works for sale or reproduction your actions would likely be a violation of any copyrights that exist on the clothing .
the manager must produce their smart serve if the agco visits but they generally give you a few days to two weeks to produce the staff 's numbers .
you have to be on probation or screw up royally to lose your license .
the small lineup was the reason we came back into the game .
girl groups rely alot on their appearance and heavy choreography .
attraction of fans to the idol is definitely a bigger factor in gg success than bgs .
i can definitely see big bang going for a long long time
i have plenty of walleye in the freezer and catch plenty through the ice but harvest lots of pike .
it 's a different type of meat than other fish and is some great eating .
different fish call for different recipes but pike are far from bad eating .
i hate the feel of flannel sheets but i like for the bed to be a little warm in the winter so i got a heated mattress pad that keeps the bed warm while still using cotton sheets .
i grew up on a farm too and share this sentiment .
cracks me up when people are particular about having photo-ready perfect veggies or when they freak out about a fly landing on their burger for a half second .
like dude if you only knew how much poop touches ... . just ... everything ... .
netdata looks awesome wonder if there 's a nova tool out there for that !
except her to pee on everything you love for this betrayal !
true but i feel like a meteor hitting both stw and battle royale could 've been attributed to simply a coincidence .
i 've got two one on my humble horse and the other is going on my aero monolith .
i 'll need a third once my budget recovers enough to build on my m4e1 enhanced
i also find it insane that people pay labor fees to have their light bulbs or wipers replaced .
changing a headlamp on a 2014 grand cherokee requires either disassembling half the engine compartment or sacrificing your hand .
20 for far cry titles is my preferred price .
there are a couple of things about 5 that put a bad taste in my mouth .
while the overall gameplay exploration and side quests are good the main story is where the game falls off .
story missions are forced upon you in the most inconvenient way .
once you hit a certain threshold in an area the game just decides you have to do a story mission and forces an event you have no control over to happen .
it 's the first far cry game to do so and i hope it 's the last .
i would recommend far cry 3 over any of the other titles .
i have a picture very much like that ... just with shittier armor and fighting a weaker lynel .
i had thought you were driving through the barn with some sort of crop sprayer and just wetting down the barn .
i was thinking that you 'd never get the feed pans clean like that especially if you 're not blowing !
i like that you have a valve to turn it off .
our pumps would blow if you turned off the flow while they 're running .
we 've got handles that are just taped down and you hang them up in the barn when you need to let go .
not the best system but does save the wrist .
we used to run a little john deer lawn tractor and a quad with a modified blade to push our barns out .
now we 've got a bobcat for the lower floors and a couple kubota lawn tractors for the upper floors .
i 'll have to get some pictures of our operation together .
would like to see a water pusher in action too .
u/theplatinumeagle 's comment is one plausible explanation though i personally do n't believe that 's the reason .
in my view kreia does n't fall when she becomes '' traya and instead merely resumes the guise of traya to manipulate sion into obeying her once more .
the rationale for not wanting to appear on korriban as i see it does n't have to do with being afraid of falling it 's because she does n't want to meet sion yet .
by the time she arrives at malachor she has the answers she sought and no longer needs to appear as kreia to the party thus becoming '' traya to manipulate him is feasible whereas before she still needed to be able to walk freely with the exile .
i was just assuming you 'd want to protect center depth but i still think 7-3-1 is what the preds do and in doing so they seek to trade subban .
that 's the biggest contract that gives the team the most room to sign a legitimate scoring wing .
who those 7 are is going to be pretty variable after the top 4 or 5 .
if you tell them about the screw-up i 'm sure they 'll send you the green one .
you might have to send the blue one back but i seriously doubt it especially if you 've opened it .
i absolutely suck at drawing anything except historical style houses .
i am at least decent but i have n't drawn in like months .
i grew up in suburban new york where the standard pizza diameter is 18-inches .
when i left for college i was extremely dismayed to find out that in the rest of america it 's often 16 or even 14-inches .
i mean i got a 98.75 in the class soooo
i have a fan that vents into my attic and draws air from a vent at the bottom of the door .
i hacked an old thermostat in and it turns on when the closet hits 80f .
does the hybrid system have anything to do with how much larger the current cars are ?
after watching the first minute or two i 'm pretty sure he thinks a manbaby is an actual man-sized baby .
when he holds up that dinky looking airsoft gun and says a manbaby can not fire this ... '' is what made me think he has no idea what a manbaby is .
this would legitimately be the most frustrating card ever printed
can i ask an honest question that i swear to god is n't trolling i just genuinely do n't know and am curious ?
is it technically possible that beginning an ultimately successful campaign '' refers to someone else on the campaign team ?
again i 'm honestly just curious it 's not like anyone 's opinion on here is gon na affect the legal process .
i 'm just wondering if the phrasing leaves absolutely zero doubt or not .
now got to go back to boring old unrewarding regular solos
i think there 's a decent chance we 're alone .
we are still very early in the universe 's history
so just curious what 's the big deal if it is fake ?
if it 's true hey someone did a good thing .
if it 's not someone made up something to karma whore on reddit .
bad move on bethesda 's part because now everything they do pales in comparison to nv
someone told me some of the special effects artist on the original start wars trilogy did psp when coming up with their stuff .
i do n't know being drunk puts aside some natural logic i have and my ideas flow a bit better .
so how did she react when she saw your id ?
yeah the touchbar models also have a quad core i5 instead of dual core which is a gigantic difference for just about anyone and fixed some common issues with the keyboards being killed by dust and debris super easily .
someone in my college forensics class did a project on her and i did n't even realize they had caught her killer until their presentation .
it made me so happy when i found out this beautiful little girl deserves to rest in peace and her killer deserves to rot in jail until he fucking dies .
or are you perhaps an alien from the movie franchise alien and have acid for blood ?
im not sure if i can cry in they way you 're meaning anymore .
of course if something hits them they 'll tear up but otherwise ...
as a child i was very prone to crying to point where it was embarrassing .
i think i must of gone through a period of 'hardening up ' .
long story short their was a period recently when i was very sad felt like crying and just could n't .
i 'm not sure if this is a permanent change or not .
i hope it is n't i felt less than human when it happened .
and the ones i recognised were n't ones i watched nor were they even really relevant .
at least last year had a bunch of people i knew/watched .
most people i saw grabbing autographs were getting funko pops signed .
you 're going to have to find a parts car or some rusted hulk and cut the roof off that there are n't any aftermarket options that i know of .
it also prevents healing so it 's essentially buff immunity healing immunity and daze all in one .
if i have allies with really low health i 'll avoid using the heal so they do n't die but otherwise can be really useful especially when the ns start spreading plague .
there 's a lot going on with ep 's kit since the rework so it can take awhile to figure it all out but once you do it helps a lot .
i had an arena match against ns go south today but ep single handedly won it for me by keeping them shocked/stunned and healing himself .
depends on the cost of gas parking wear and tear on your car .
those companies can create all the fake jailbait they want .
they just ca n't compel a company like walmart or steam to let them sell their fake jailbait on consignment at their place of business .
in this entire topic i have never said that we should go ahead and make loli/shota a criminal offense .
i have only said that steam can decide to pass on products that they find too dangerous or questionable to carry .
it 's not a speech issue steam takes 30 of a developers profit they 're a consignment business model .
having your game on their platform means that they profit from it .
if steam wants to avoid a polygon article about steam makes money off of child exploitation themed games ! ''
when we get old we get to call them senior moments
ha ha h aa ha ha haaa hahaha haha have ha ha hahahaha ahahahaha ahahahahahahahahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha haaaaaaahahaaaaa hahahaaa ahahaaahhhahshahahahahahahaahhhhhaaaaa
i do n't think op put that on there but the site allows anyone to add and remove stuff .
i swear it is just to random for you to have came up with it yourself
also as liked as obsidian is liked here they 're a dwarf compared to bethesda in the mainstream and they do n't have the help of a known franchise like fallout to help them this time .
if they were going against each other bethesda would sell far more copies .
you 're exaggerating the truth like reddit loves to do
he would n't be punished for carrying the kid out like that
for new con if it 's not spec it 's generally not gon na happen .
no a single extra wye fitting female threaded plug doesnt cost much .
but when you multiply it out by hundreds of houses plus the laborhours to install those fittings you are talking about some decent money .
if your weight is fine then your muscle is what needs work .
although minsan malamig na ung food pagdating sa inyo .
kung sa sarap level on par or above your usual residential/commercial carinderia not the construction worker 's carinderia but less sa alat mostly dahil monitored ng resident dietician ng hospital .
kung sa quantity level strict sa amount ng meat .
sauce dakilang taga-bantay ng mga nako-confine na fam members .
i think i 've tasted 5 different hospital foods both public and private .
at least he turns up for votes in the hoc !
jeremy corbyn did not vote in the division last night where the dup voted with labour and the government won by just five votes .
word is he missed last night vote because he ... . went home .
it 's acutscene where she 's down on all fours looking at flowers and the camera knows you are n't interested in the flowers .
does the bonus come with a stipulation of how long you must stay
personally i would do it maybe for a little while longer than you could retire early or simply work less and have a huge amount of savings
this is the shittiest comment i 've seen in a while because not only are you potentially hurting someone 's feelings for no reason but you 're also scaring others to ask similar questions in this sub in the future .
besides there 's plenty of extremely talented cinematographers who either film all their stuff in available light or always work with a gaffer .
not sure when but at some point it just opens .
i think the organizer plugin from allevents.in https allevents.in will work great for that purpose .
heres a link to it if you want to check it out https wordpress.org/plugins/events-in-city https wordpress.org/plugins/events-in-city
i petition to have it karn themed and have emrakul banned
canadian here we have nowhere near as bad of an obesity epidemic .
among men the prevalence of obesity was over 8 percentage points lower in canada than in the united states 24.3 compared with 32.6 and among women more than 12 percentage points lower 23.9 compared with 36.2
why do gamers get angry when fox says vidya games promotes violence '' or this murderer played vidya games '' when it 's in the same sense with this ?
there 's no consistency or logic here it 's just about feelings '' and actual laws for some states or countries .
it 's a sensible decision from steam but it 's pretty laughable to see people sense some accomplishment or relief from this .
but going by the servicing manual for that notebook it only has one ram slot so keep that in mind if you plan to upgrade .
and if you choose a different notebook make sure that it allows you to upgrade the ram because 4gb is a bit low in this day and age .
i would say 8 gigs at least ideally 16 if you get the money for it .
you may be able to make-do with 4 for the time being but keep in mind that the system may feel a bit sluggish when you need lots of ram because it starts offloading the ram to disk .
the dsbr is turned on it saves b/w and thus helps raven .
gains are 5 on big '' vegas according to amd .
ngg is indeed broken but still do n't expect miracles .
i got ny first ever empire to the point where nö one could outmatch me except this dann sacrosanct empire but i just quickly boxed them in and declared vassalage .
that was alright until the unbidden spawned right two jumps away from my three core colonies and all my fleets being at 3 different bordersand at least 2 years from my core worlds because my entire quarter of the galaxy had exactly 0 gates or wormholes .
well i went zu sleep and next day the update haß shagged the save .
i think its really good that i now habe to really fight for space because i am just boxed in between tons if more or less unfriendly neighbours something that had not happened in the last versions earlygame wich was pretty much uncontested expansion .
as someone who actually trawled though every spotify list he could find and lurks on youtube lists complied by anyone at all i barely registered this is america '' as a song .
the mv was well choreod and the beat was ... .
somewhat catchy but i really do n't feel the song as it is .
its only simple if you remember that the original machine had a baseplate of prefamulated amulite surmounted by a malleable logarithmic casing such that the two main spurving bearings were in a direct line with the panametric fan wheras the latter consisted simply of six hydrocoptic marzelvanes so fitted to the ambifacent lunar waneshaft that side-fumbling was effectively prevented .
the main winding was of the normal lotus-o-deltoid type placed in panendermic semi-boloid slots in the stator every seventh conductor being connected by a nonreversible tremmie pipe to the differential girdlespring on the 'up ' end of the grammeters .
surely if your card is declined they would expect you to try cash or another card .
i 'd have just said 2 mins grabbing cash '' then run away so i did n't have to see the sandwich destroyed .
i just know one is not even a top 5 player
i have read that hosing them with water when any they arrive first can scare them away but do n't know how wd-40 will help .
reminds of something i think i read on reddit before .
if you 're not sure which one of two choices you want flip a coin .
not because this leaves it to chance but sometimes when the coins in the air you find yourself rooting for one side and not the other .
your gut just told you what you want to do .
the fact that the security council has refused to accept israel 's claims to territory beyond the 67 lines should be a pretty big sign to you about how resistant the international community is to forcible annexation .
if the palis sign a final status agreement they will find little sympathy if they try to launch a war on israel .
find a new avengers 27 to go with it .
might want to wait until prices settle though after the hype today .
you know it 's bad when a youtube commenter with an anime profile picture is telling you that you 're sad .
mix em with water in a sprayer and leave for a week it will smell even for those not yet noticed it
we are tied to our bodies which require water and food .
i was going to ask what 's the right image from '' cos i completely forgot about extella 's absurd costumes lmfao thanks for the reminder
has anyone figured out how to stack echo fighters on the css yet ?
i really enjoyed this post i honestly believe that the reason cancer has become so common is mostly due to what we put in our bodies .
not everything our ancestors did was healthy obviously but eating berries wild vegetables and meat is the way it 's meant to be
my guess is that the hype moment will involve either captain marvel finding the ship or ant man arriving at the front door
how did you go about making a 5 year plan and stick to it ?
was it mainly career oriented or other personal goals as well ?
this girl named her unwanted child pretty boy floyd .
i just think certain people should n't be allowed to have children .
i think i 'm gon na vote trying to sell dining room set ''
how to upload picture '' provides a compelling argument though so i dunno .
that really seems like trying to pump '' the gold and silver prices to you eh ?
i do n't hold gold and silver hoping to get someone on reddit to buy half an ounce in the desperate hope that i can flip mine for a 10 buck profit .
been hodl ing for over 30 years you think i am going to sell now after i somehow coax a random stranger in the internet to buy a piece of gold.. ? ? ? ?
if the global economy did actually crash tomorrow as in a global depression like 1929 ... .. what do you think people are going to favor whilst trading and bartering ?
a piece of paper backed by a government that is in complete tatters or a piece of gold ?
that is n't the problem that needs overcome here .
unfortunately this post has been temporarily removed due to your low comment karma .
it will be approved by the mods as soon as one of them checks the modqueue as long as it does n't violate any site-wide rules !
if you are seeing this in new that means it 's been approved .
keep in mind the op may no longer be online !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagersnew if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i believe you have the option to keep it along with some other pieces of equipment but you need a special permit for it much like any other person would but for people trying to acquire one outside of the military the laws and regulations are quite strict
i need a wrap to show that i am a holosexual being .
this is less woooosh and more cant spell tbh .
the guy with the definition of filling is just a sarcastic mf
not really no if you get two mythic leads that share personality you 'd be royally fucked and if your next suggestion is then do n't let them stack they might aswell just removed all but one of each at that point
it helps recognize those just looking to collect points by posting pictures found on the net .
the aim is to keep the sub tidy and pleasant for users of any skill level to participate building a community instead of just a bunch of pictures .
we encourage discussion and you are invited to comment in threads other than those you start yourself .
please be aware that you account is not meeting the threshold age-points set in the sub and we release your posts as time permits .
furthermore the spam filter https old.reddit.com/wiki/submitting is tricky and we mods do n't have our hands on it
if your submission does n't seem to be showing up anywhere it may have been accidentally nabbed by the spam filter .
do not delete submissions that you think have been accidentally marked as spam .
all your submissions will eventually be nabbed by the spam filter .
i think you can give yourself a few cents or even dollars of leeway here and there to make your vision work best .
i 've always called it and seen it as pasito .
maybe this is one of those mandella effects '' .
i think he might be a decent coach but is not the man to lead this team
yea i still use him as a partner for loren occasionally but yea theyre pretty pricy to upgrade ... . ah well guess ill leave it lol
shit it 's probably blizzards r d dept since working on a wrapper for a cell phone project takes literally zero effort .
come on it looked it he accidentally saved that one
i have a black 18 hatch sport w/same wheels .
i have an iphone xr i 'm currently running the newest ios and my volte is working .
is stuff like this gon na be posted whenever we see a jewish person
my first day in brownies the leader asked us to bring a picture to our next meeting .
when i got home i told my mom that i needed to bring a pitcher to the next meeting .
she thought it was odd but sent me with a pitcher .
well everyone else brought a school picture of themselves and they made mothers day gifts with them .
then one day i was watching furry cringe comps at night and then went to bed .
the next day i opened up youtube and there was a video in my recommended that was called the seven stages of being a furry something like that at least by betaetadelota .
i did n't actually know anything about the fandom then like most furry haters so i had no idead it was a furry video .
so i clicked on it and just kept watching it until at the end when he had some other furries say their opinions that i got suspicious .
so i opened betas channel and saw that he was definitely a furry .
and i watch some other youtubers like him like eroldstory and the odd1sout so i decides to watch some other of his videos and learned a lot about the fandom a lot of his videos are about the fandom .
then some other furry videos started popping up in my recommended and i watched them ... now i am a furry .
he alternates between old wise man and goofy af on the reg lol
just go to apkmirror used it for osrs and rs3 when they had limits
steve this is gon na work that 's the front door blah blah blah blah oh and thanos wiped out half the living creatures
it took me until after t and noticing how much my hairline changed to realize what a big difference it makes .
the fact that you can make '' that much money with it seems more a function of a terrible electricity market .
i got lr vegito from a single on the banner
sometimes my scoreboard gets all messed up all 5 of the opposing team disappears .
and when a team mate spots an enemy my scoreboard populates based on that .
just some speculation but thats what it feels like .
other times 2 or 3 disappear so it looks like a 5vx
how many hours do you have because game price/value always decreases over time .
i 'll ask you this question would you not have played csgo ever until now to save 15 ?
enjoy your reward for keeping it real even for a cartoon girl .
you dont care about any criminals until the one criminal you hate the most is prosecuted .
damn was trying send a picture of the backstory its all right understandable have a good day
no official steam link support no steam controller support no protection from valve 's refund system no steam community features .
i want there to be competition to steam i 'm open to using competition to steam .
but to compete with steam you have to be at least as good as they are .
only one way to find out if it actually finishes .
your post was removed because it does not follow the posting format required for the subreddit .
please resubmit your post using the appropriate format of 'age ' x4x city title '' for example 29 m4w losangeles dude looking for dudette for fun stuff .
please see this https redd.it/7mzhss post for the guidelines .
if you feel this message is in error please contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socalr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
berman was generally a dick to terry farrell and i kinda suspect that the problems he had with her especially given the circumstances of jadzia dying and farrell effectively being fired was a part of the reason that she 'd eventually get fired from becker as well .
but here 's the rub even if berman had n't been in charge of the franchise for as long as he had been there would always be issues with whoever 's currently in charge of the franchise especially when they 'd been involved with it for as long as berman had been .
i think to some extent you do have to be a bit of a dick to end up in that kind of a position to begin with
wait so not getting a high score did n't get them a bonus ?
is n't that how bonuses are supposed to work ?
i just want to wipe the vaseline off the camera .
edit wait is this a joke that 's going over my head ?
very open married couple looking to see what is out here
‘alright boys and girls i think australia are the supreme team here our bowling is fucking tops and we will destroy your batsmen like they 're under 14s . '
i hope this is like office space where every day of trump 's life from here on out is the worst day of his life .
if you are looking for something novastar based the vx4 is pretty solid and cheaper than the hd pro .
we use mostly nova based panels so i 'm just running off of that .
nazis had japan on their side they not white though as in the whole country is not white d
you do this enough and train them to not think you 're stealing it and then boom.. one day you book it and never look back and they are behind the counter like ... uh come bak and look in mirror pls
edit you can buy the little piece to cover the buckles so as to gain more real estate .
tbh i like the album and enjoyed it more than kod .
i dont really listen to for whom the bell tolls anymore even tho i liked it initially .
never really liked foldin clothes still not that into it .
but for 4 ur eyes only is dope and a highlight .
i actually found the ant man movies really fun and 2 was made with iw in mind too .
80 of media has a left spin on it yet most people think that 80 of media is normal 20 is right spun .
i 'm not denying that 20 is right spun .
its a meme just remove the borders 😂😂 reddit app is not allowing me to do so !
they 've been focused on expanding and gaining market share .
it was confirmed immediately after let 's go reveal ike literally within minutes .
but sometimes you have to make some concessions somewhere .
if she said that then bring it up every time she ever makes a comment about you with a friend .
you need to give some ultimatums i think and see if she 's mature enough to try to make the relationship work .
if you want change then you 'll have to put pressure and take control rather than her taking it eratically .
if it does n't work out be very careful with her in case she is unstable .
my dad had an imperial when i was a kid .
sadly its pretty much an all or nothing state of mind .
yes but the process from start to finish likely uses several different tools as the material is progressively broken down .
i see these terms thrown in the mix heckle hemp wool comb teasel tool
i think you have a high end version whereas online i 'm seeing lots of crudely made versions .
blessed communication 🙏 if nexon keeps this going then it 's a whole ass new leaf i 'm so excited
mostly in the suburbs ... interactions at an accident or minor disturbance .
mention it to your ob or your primary doctor .
it 's ok to make an appointment specifically to discuss ppd .
in my eyes the lightning network is the source of the problem .
if the txs onchain could be constantly increased using larger blocks or less block time the effect you described may not be that significant one day or in other words could be ignored indefinitely but sadly the bitcoin community '' decided otherwise ...
making this game free to play really did take a lot of players away from the game .
that 's factually wrong it literally gained 230,000 peak players .
a gif of people checking an eye then a guy celebrating .
how about a fucking gif of the final blows ?
i very much doubt that hundreds of billions that putin has helped himself from the russian economy are to are kept in the russian banking system nor will his cronies have chosen that as sensible place to keep their ill gotten gains .
if they are 'fucked ' it 's down to his greed .
i had a similar setup with a prebuilt dell machine but it was my office workstation i just wanted to sometimes take gaming breaks on it .
i 'm not saying this type of shit is common
answer that question for yourself.. nobody has the answers but you
it 's not a tragedy you can still live but it makes it a lot harder to date later in life
there 's few things women hate more in a man than lack of experience and especially virginity
mtgtop8 has every list that top 8s any big event .
how does rioting and burning cars help people 's standard of living ?
i 'm a boring centre-lefter for the most part .
i just see a lot of angry fashy types in a thread and ca n't resist .
or you know maybe someone just uses spotify api to make an app for this..
please name one single eu law that is stopping you from doing something that you want to do .
it 's all that and that intense need to power rank ever player in every position in every discussion '' .
the peak is then reached when the transfer fees are mentioned as an argument for supposed quality .
if you found the answer on your own you do n't get a point but no further action is needed .
if someone else found your answer please reply directly to their comment with solved !
but most noteworthy aaa rpg games set in open worlds do .
it is nice to see you take the criticism and correct the mistake .
too many people online would get angry and ignore the advice .
one of the main elements of our program is that its work based learning and we have a plot behind the school with gardens a fish pond and stuff and each envi-sci class has a different role in taking care of the plot .
animal sciences and marine biology are my two classes right now so i have 2 big projects i 'm apart of .
for the marine biology i 'm working on building a second hydroponics planter .
for the animal sciences i 'm keeping tabs on the owl population .
at the back of the plot it goes to a wooded area .
we have owl boxes up and a total population of 6 owls
this is because they 've streamlined and limited the variation in mp with the nerfing of both perks and equipment .
people do n't use perks/equipment/wildcards so they put all their points into making their gun great .
and how do you get an advantage over someone when it 's your gun vs my gun ?
this is what little or reduced counterplay looks like and what you 're looking at is a meta .
i 've just returned from 2 months away so i 'm stoking the fires of writing and getting on with the next chapter !
a sims halloween pack where a scream-esque killer is in town
i was under the impression that the boosts occupy si slots that do n't actually exist that is the slots vanish once the item is consumed .
i 'd be stoked to find out i was wrong .
i still have one of mine and could use the extra slot .
why do you think your reluctance to cause harm extends to plants ?
i have never felt that i need to stop myself from hurting plants since they can not feel pain or suffer .
i enjoyed metokurs personality and a good amount of his videos until a few months or so ago when i found out how his fans are a bunch of edgelords who dont like it when someone tries to accomplish something .
metokur might have one of the most toxic i think it actually applies here group of followers on youtube .
you did n't see protests on the street for that .
it was basically the same as now with a lot of scandalous news stories and people complaining .
the only difference is that in clinton 's day they treated the public opinion as serious business whereas the current administration would give less than zero shits about it if that was possible .
only reason i have n't got it is cause i basically ca n't afford it but it 's honestly a pretty good deal .
i can give you a scyther all i need is a graveler to get a golem to complete my pokedex
im actually going out in 2 hours for like 3 hours so when ill come back ill let u know ok ? ?
you could try fabinho instead of allan so you can get one fast af short cdm kante and a cdm that literally will push even lukaku fabinho
you should spend some time working on yourself before having a relationship .
wrecker arrived at the rav at 1923hrs according to bass .
lol and that gave this wrecker driver virtually no time to unbolt anything in that drivetrain .
once you deconstructed that in detail in your know your rav topics https www.reddit.com/r/ticktockmanitowoc/wiki/index wiki_know_your_rav.2c_a_detailed_analysis it makes everything else suspect .
you could consider ray better for the first 2 and the last 2 but i do n't think being better in both players worst seasons makes ray better
i feel you i used to think all those memes about getting impatient were overhyped but they are not .
some state governments do levy some bigger taxes on gasoline which gives them more control if they exercise it .
texas adds 0.20 per gallon which is lower than the national average by 0.11 .
pennsylvania is the highest at an extra 0.58 per gallon .
by the way this is n't refuting anything you 've said but pointing out state governments do have some control on the at the pump price through their taxes .
mod note please submit items for sale to the weekly stickied post under the classifieds thread .
just now realized how much nostalgia the og map brings me from looking at it
well i would n't have thought of a more appropriate name for the place
not anymore steams done so little to adapt expand and evolve with the times that it feels a bit like a dinosaur .
ironically i almost never take damage when i land on my head or 2 wheels .
basically if i crash 0 or very little damage .
when i land properly 387 damage demonic possession of my first born and mongols will salt my fields .
little billy you did n't pay last month so we got ta break yo fuckin kneecaps alright ?
same as starwars or anything else people obsess over tbl has a huge fan following seems pretty straight forward ...
after losing sanders i got ta choose one of zay jones josh reynolds and david moore .
as crazy as it might be i think i 'm leaning zay .
first i think he thought he would be called offside second he was fouled and probably in pain .
i have a feeling eminem 's lines are gon na show up on this post ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
well it ca n't connect to both half life and left 4 dead we got ta decide
with the size of the fanbase we 're bound to have a a lot of idiots .
these are the 3 changes i 've been advocating for years .
no max salary would be a huge help to teams without star players increasing parity .
a hard cap would be a huge help to smaller market teams and also parity .
no draft would eliminate any incentive to tank and would be a smaller boost to big market teams to counter the above boost to smaller market teams .
so what 's your thoughts on porn.. because they are the same by default .
rockstar have always been kinda shitty to the consumers though now they just have more chances at being shitty .
please resubmit r/market76/submit your trade or trade-related post with the correct format detailed here https www.reddit.com/r/market76/wiki/format .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/market76 if you have any questions or concerns .
i will say that the zombies did n't scare me as much as the prologue did and having to walk across to the other tower to meet rahim .
i am afraid of heights and my god walking across the crane had my palms sweating .
also the finale when you had to climb rais ' tower and walk across the beams i thought i was gunna die .
i had to keep stopping and wiping my controller of the sweat .
the game is so realistic and the views from way up high terrified me even today i still have times when i 'm like why the hell and i climbing the damn antenna haha
steering in all cars will naturally align to the overall direction the vehicle is moving .
i know a guy who had that problem but his sack remained immense after it was corrected .
what does doggo do to deserve d heckin cheat !
women 's hair growslike that too i 'm a woman with short hair and have the same problem .
you do n't need to equip gear for that .
he is certainly running illusions judging by compounding power icon .
i do wonder how the delayed shatter happened lag ?
and i do n't see him using signet of illusions which recharges all shatter skills .
maybe if initial shatter was not distortion and thus clones tried to run to you and could n't but then distort happened and it got queued ... .
89 days ago was when they all met for the first time in new york .
so this was n't filmed as long ago as it seems .
but getting busted by the police while a trans-woman or was he just in drag ?
the prostitute not eddie murphy sucks your dick proves eddie murphy is n't really that homophobic right ?
i had a strange awareness as a kid as a teenager and in college that youth was fleeting and lived in awe of the present because of that knowledge .
just check it regularly and drain off the excess .
it 's not the absolute best way to cook it but it 's fine
imagine killing your arch enemy and only getting another charm for your necklace
guarda oggi al parco di monza c'era una coda lunghissima di auto dentro il parco per cercare di posteggiare sul prato e andare a vedere il rally .
some kids just are n't cuddlers my 13 yr old still tries to snuggle and hes 6 ' 150 lbs and my five yr old doesnt want to snuggle unless shes sick or he brother is trying to snuggle shes a squirmer ... both situations are painful
i think jaxons positionen has a feature that lets you take objects with you .
if you can use it on existing cages you only need a mod that locks doors .
idk why they ca n't use n but i 've been told it 's because the navy has exclusive rights to the letter n for codes😅 12.45 can only take you so far
and sometimes it affects other people in my game and they tell me about it and usually after that match ends it 'll affect me and i 'll have to shut down my computer to reset the lag .
the free training the street add-in can pretty much do all of this a few other things i think already have built in short cuts but gives you more flexibility in the functionality and does n't override any default shortcuts .
if you are ok with that then you should be okey with renu dhahal as the next head of state .
she will probably be the pm of nepal when she is old .
i think most of of the sons/daughters of our politicians are too busy chilling in the west to give a damn about nepali politics .
i think the buda ba in nepal are the head of their political party for the same reason we had kings .
they do n't want to lose control of their party and the supporters of said party do n't want to pander to the new guy every time .
why do you think the women hating muslims have two female leaders in both major party ?
i certainly agree that ignorance in general is on the whole more harmful than any particular disorder or condition .
but i 'm not sure that countering ignorance about autism specifically would address the problem of antivaxxers .
nor do i believe that the harm done by those that have subverted autism for their own ends negate the harm done by autism itself .
have you ever met someone that does nothing but complain ?
do you believe that fixing whatever they are complaining about at that moment will make them happier in any meaningful way .
having worked in the service industry i can tell you .
they would be more likely to find another reason to oppose vaccines than to change their mind on them .
that 's the biggest fucking load of horseshit i have ever heard .
it is there to give a voice to everyone .
if you do n't like an elected leader well tough shit you can try your luck next time .
but saying it is fine to burn people 's cars to the ground or destroy property because democracy needs it '' is just one hell of an idiotic statement to make .
be it for the environment or for the political left or right i do n't care .
everyone has a right to protest and that is a good thing .
but no one has the right to go about destroying property because hurr durr democracy needs it ''
there were also a couple of loose ends that bothered me if you can call them that .
! i figured the rest of the elaborate torture chamber was under the house and they would eventually realize the secret entrance was the garage pantry as shown in the diagram .
instead under the house is never revisited after they find the cooler .
also i assumed that the dad 's back injury was due to the brother trying to drive the two of them into a tree to kill him .
i 'm not sure if that was supposed to be implied but i do n't remember it being commented on .
people with jobs are supposed to be able to own homes .
the real shower thought here is that our economy is so fucked we ca n't even imagine a functional society .
shit like this makes it to worldnews but not a peep about whats going on in france .
just try not to dwell on it as to do so would not be self-serving no good can come of replaying it over and over again in your mind .
you can proud that you did not stoop to their level and react in kind if that is indeed the case .
even if you did not you can rest assured that you will use this valuable experience to respond or act appropriately and with emotional maturity and integrity should you be confronted with such rudeness again .
so then nobody else who played them gets credit either ?
if you take that into account then you also have to take into account dorans ring mana regen
i really really wish huskies were not as pretty as they are .
they are insanely too popular for being an advanced dog .
i feel the same way about german shepherds and pit bulls .
you never hear about a shelter overwhelmed with beagles and golden retrievers and you have to go out of your way to find a responsible breeder for the less cool '' dogs .
but man pick up a thrifty nickle around here or duck into a facebook group for pet ads and it 's just pages of gsds huskies and pit bulls .
i have n't bought a dvd or blu ray in years .
if you have a good internet connection streaming is where it 's at for things like movies and tv shows .
for games though i prefer digital but would n't want to have to stream them .
i have a decent job and i 'm still stuck with a 4,000 deductible .
those wait times in canada is largely a myth they will always prioritize patients with more serious problems just like we do here in the us .
that health insurance my company pays for could could be turned into a bigger salary a pension or a beefy retirement savings account if they did n't have to provide insurance .
and why would we have to go with canada 's system anyways ?
our existing healthcare system could transition more easily to something similar to what they do in japan but you do n't hear much about it because it 's so efficient and effective that even fox news ' most hardcore pundits ca n't really find any holes to poke in it .
such a system would save the u.s. economy between 2 and 5 trillion every year .
hello we only allow people with an account age of 7 days and 50 comment karma to post links on our community .
this is to deter spammers and limit the amount of bots coming to our community to post non fortnite related content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnite if you have any questions or concerns .
and at that moment he knew ... he fucked up .
if martians and terans can be with each other and only jovians and venutians you have an issue when you run out of one .
i do n't think there is a sweetness but they surely are n't bitter even if you do nothing but steam them .
there is a huge contrast between characters/npcs compared to the rest of the game .
the world looks great but npcs look last gen except arthur .
i do n't know him that well yet but he seems more mature than any of men '' i dated before .
also he 's a friend of my best friend 's boyfriend and they also said he 's an amazing and mature guy ...
i know this is n't 100 but i do trust my best friend .
first of all it 's howard aiken not alken unless the photo is really bad .
second he invented the ibm mark i which is an electro-mechanical calculator and not a digital computer '' .
the inventor of the digital computer was john vincent atanasoff in the 1930 's at iowa state college and there was even a patent war about it resolved in 1937 .
this is the same year that aiken presented his designs for the ibm harvard mark i and only got funding for it in 1939 .
the right direction is also really good my favourite off stv1 .
come to think of it though that whole mixtape os fantastic
these protests do n't shutdown anything which is why they are toothless .
if they want to have any effect they at least need to organise them for a week day when everybody needs to get into the office .
i was about age 10 do n't know which grade that translates to .
we had a school library that was n't on the school grounds .
once every two weeks we took a school van to go check out/in some books .
i would get car sick so i got to sit in front every time right between my teacher and the busdriver .
i remember dreading each and every trip because said busdriver was kinda handsy .
during the trip he would always put his hand on my legs and move up the inside of my thy .
being autistic and a child it felt very uncomfortable being touched like that and i remember looking up to my teacher in hopes should would stop it .
and i remember everything i tried to look her in the eye she quickly just turned her head and started staring outside of the window .
did n't realize untill a few years ago the dude was a huge pedophile .
i asked ek a month ago just make sure your loop is n't running at silly high temperatures for a long time .
find a good modless server and a few mates to play with that will teach you the ropes best way ?
hi this post has been removed as it did not gain enough upvotes within its first hour .
this measure is in place to avoid low-quality memes being spammed on the subreddit .
if you have any suggestions for me or want to report a bug please message the mods .
because he loosed a war of words on them bruh
i come from the writing scene and i wanted to try it out so it 's ok if the art does n't come out professional grade .
do you think the jitter would be very noticeable in low/mid grade art ?
i make feta and if i use the whey immediately after transferring the curds to the mold i can get a small amount of ricotta from the leftover whey .
but if i let the whey sit out and acidify for any length of time i ca n't get any ricotta from it .
shulk having a wheal to pick which monado arts to use has me considering maining him though i have yet to unlock cloud at least until joker comes out .
the challenge the ai especially the unlocks give you .
i thing it should be extremely popular and successful .
max holloway is the 3rd diaz brother except he has takedown defense .
i 've had multiple failed nic 's a week ago and i wanted to build a new machine with as many nic backup as possible
nevermind though i 've decided to use my spare z270 it has 7 pcie and it 's good enough for me
all winning teams have a lot of it cheap productive players .
astros red sox cubs indians dodgers yankees all have a lot of it .
if you want to win you need to maximize it .
extended arenado or degrom is not surplus value because you pay market price for it .
3 years of thor and prospects is a surplus value .
if you trade 1 year of arenado for surplus value you compromise your future a lot even if you extend him later .
i do n't know what the fuck you said but from the title tell her how you feel .
you did n't take these these are all the planets from star wars !
you have injured the healthy tissue around the wart .
this stimulates a healing response in your body which will regenerate new skin around and underneath the wart pushing out the infected skin tissue .
keep at it and remove layers of the wart as they become soft or start to slough off .
the thought of this made me laugh more than it should .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
distribution method does n't inherently limit the apis available to the app
is there any argument in favor of conor vs max anymore ?
if he does n't get a wicket every two overs people will shit on him .
we should n't reward these people by buying their products and giving them money .
do you recommend the grey monk merlot or pinot ?
the vintage ink looks to be 16 so i 'll check that out too .
i do n't think free players are restricted to buying skins .
the thing is to reach level 21 you need atleast 2 weeks .
also valve is not stupid to make the game f2p without updating vacnet .
pretty sure a huge vac wave is due to come in the near future .
name 's ben and i 'm 17 as well .
i 'll keep ya company if you 're up for it .
my mil did this with meat and then would decide not to cook it after it was mostly thawed and put it back then cook something with it a week later after unthawing it the same way .
i grew up in a house where i often had food poisoning because my mom is a food hoarder and thinks things are good way after they 're expired .
i would n't eat the hamburgers and my husband told her why .
she 's gotten better about it but it 's honestly a miracle her and my husband are still here .
i 'm pretty sure it 's down on the d pad pressing x is for the accelerator lol
apparently it 's even worse in da nang https www.facebook.com/permalink.php ? story_fbid=1970918079884027 id=100008975611719
i 'm about to head out and find some lunch around chợ bà lê and then probably duck into a cafe for a couple hours.. probably the best someone that is n't used to this amount of water can hope to do in this weather these road conditions .
i do n't think its really anything more than people attempting to take down celebrities just because they have that power through social media ... ... this happens with most anyone with racist or homophobic scandals
a good friend died of a bad heart suddenly with no prior issues .
another guy i worked with died suddenly in his moms kitchen washing dishes .
its tragic but sudden death at a young age does happen .
my mom only has ever had one absolutely normal healthy child no it ai n't me our of four but the differences for her was the fact that she had two with one guy divorced him and had two with my current dad .
the first one my step brother turned out fine .
second one my older step sister had trisomy 13 and died within a month or so .
my step dad was an ass hole and she soon divorced him .
she met and married my dad and i do n't blame her for having more kids because she had a new batch of dna from my dad .
i had hypoplastic left heart syndrome and my sisters has downs and autism but the reason i forgive her is a her first ever kid was normal b she tried with a completely different person when she married my dad and b they 're all completely different conditions entirely so she might just have a higher chance for general genetic defects .
the race distribution is close to equal so there 's no obviously no one right answer for which race for a new player to choose .
the one race that is n't particularly suited to harass is protoss that 's usually a little more about being defensive and massing an unbeatable army .
zerg has constant zergling runbys terran has medivacs full of marines or hellions that bounce around from base to base .
do we know if papadopoulos was attracting any attention ?
i feel that he was too low in profile and less brazen than page so it seems to me he 'd have only been noticed after they went after other people .
yo we got a horrible cold going around here too .
i 'll make this real easy for everyone then .
i 'll delete all posts not directly related to actual tf journeys .
those who come to whine about their relationship using the criteria you describe will have their posts removed too .
it will be silent and as swift as when i log in to check .
i guarantee that i 'll receive a tone of complaints about being power hungry .
which do you suggest i do to help people actually start working together to create a better space ?
i 'd like to know because quitting does n't lend any strength and support to the remaining users .
the holi-nay thingy was a waste of trixie kim shangie and latrice .
rupaul has lost all of the humour and self-irony he once had .
it is sad that a show having its roots on something authentic like paris is burning has come to this .
the special was like a drag u marathon with all the non-scripted or slightly funny parts edited out .
oh i thought he gave ye a 6 lol but his kanye worst to best video mbdtf his second to last one i think .
i 'm pretty new to siege and i do n't fully understand this can anyone explain ?
no sir i am not the author and i do n't know them either i read it before dec 8th but you 're right says dec 8th .
aus is the easiest place to keep with it 's consistent bounce .
ball does n't swing and wobble like in eng not does go up and down like in india
except it 's with my boyfriend and not our 4 cats ...
he certainly made a lot more in salary then he could hope for playing baseball until he 's 40 .
i do n't know if i 'd call this one of the worst years in recent memory unless your memory only goes back 1 year because 2017 was pretty tremendous .
there are still lots of 2018 movies i want to see but 2018 has had some really good stuff .
here are a few movies that have been recommended already but only once or twice so i want to toss in my support for them
finally i do n't know if many/any people will agree with me but some movies that i think were actually quite good and that did n't really get a lot of love are solo a star wars story and gringo .
dunno if it 's worth watching them to see if you agree with me but i think they 're some of the highlights of 2018 .
its definitely out but these camera angles are trash so there wo n't be enough evidence .
also the best are the ones you pick and use immidiately from the long branch.have you seen they had a new variety which was a more violet colour ?
am i the only one that hates battery the most ?
i always see posts about nomad/ajax/prophet but fuck the battery ult .
nothing like spawning into a rain of noob tubes wiping your entire team .
the part where you made the exact same comment 3 times was n't you ?
reset your password somebody is logging into your account just to repeat your comments and is managing to be less of an asshole in the process .
yes my name is vonquiqui on there haha very different from my reddit name
philbin 's gb challenging career is not off to a promising start .
the reason they want an eu army is so that they can easily crush these kinds of protests .
the battlegroups are there since 20 years and while never used they are probably the best troops in europe for exactly this scenario .
and having been on the protester side time and time again i would prefer trained milutary troops over the ordinary police force every time .
on page 106 of the new rules moving target penalties start at a relative speed of 24 '' .
to be fair look at cmc numbers this year .
hahahaha stu is so creepy with her it 's so weird
trying to read it like when my at my friend 's christian family 's ?
it 's more wrong than the prayers of christians and that 's something .
also i had laparoscopic surgery a few years ago and i wanted to say good luck !
there 's a solid chance her eyes are she is just fucking awful
i think between young flutie brees wilson and baker people would realize height really does n't matter as a qb
it says just below the spirit can be enhanced at level 99 '' if you can enhance it .
trump won the election with less than 77,000 votes in three states .
facebook has admitted in congressional testimony that russian influencing-wielding ads reached 100 million americans .
not only that but even a cursory glance at clinton 's opinion poll figures before and after the release of the e-mail stolen by gru crushes any notion that this did not affect the outcome of the elections .
update me and that friend have hung out 4 different times since then .
he 's talking to this very pretty girl atm so i never pressured or really said anything .
he has been trying to convince me to go on grindr which i think he is lowkey saying he has no feeling towards me .
i rather that happen and we stay best friends .
he is a great guy with a lot on his plate and i rather see him happy .
any heads up about how good or bad the stand in kicker is ?
i 've seen at least a few others who have mentioned in passing that v3 is n't their favorite and that they do n't like v6 all that much .
they dissapear from that screen and then come back another few matches later
you only got three options as far as i see fuck her best friend fuck her sister or fuck her mom .
i 'd love to see a version with just the actual seiyuus x
and today we got raildex in the ed https i.imgur.com/mvxzet2.jpg as expected next time ... glowing red '' huh i wonder if it may be the currently airing akanesasu shoujo ?
and youll lose all cognition at the moment of impact ?
med schools hate repeating classes when the first grade was above a c and they may even calculate your gpa without those repeats at all .
as far as i know they 'll just average it .
most do n't even care to look at the classes taken until later down the process
nah trump 's campaign got fined for these types of violations which is going to happen with any internet-driven campaign these days .
mostly it 's donors who surpass their individual donation limits .
the individual 1 shit is on a completely different level and absolutely not normal .
why you even on reddit funny subreddit when it 's gon na be memes
but trying to keep the population in line with the available resources is not a bad idea .
uh if that 's their response then i would be rethinking my relationship with them entirely .
i do n't roll over and let people treat me poorly .
i 'd have to do another election panel upgrade and it 's not worth it for me since we have a starter home .
we were planning on getting a volt so one of us could l1 charge and l2 charging on our bolt .
when we move we 'll definitely pay for the upgrades
there is a super expensive charge point with two ev connectors which may work but it 's the same price as a panel upgrade for me .
lol yeah ... at least we 've all pretty much lost hope or else it would be worse
i was starting to wonder about that as well .
years ago there was a hockey player named alexandre daigle .
he was the first pick overall and everyone thought he had a bright future .
it really really did n't pan out and when it was all said and done he revealed that he never really liked pro hockey anyway it 's just that people told him that he was good enough at it that he could make millions off it so he kind of went with it until he could n't .
i do n't think it 's that bad with dembele he 's actually a decent player when he 's on the pitch but i do wonder if the pressure is n't getting to him one way or the other .
it 's easy to make fun of him but anxiety issues do exist i could tell you about a baseball player named zach greinke .
and wanting to avoid your work environment as much as you can would seem a natural reaction to that .
go right now and read up on grey rock technique because you 're gon na need it .
you can train a left handed person to use their right hand .
they 'll struggle but eventually be competent with their right and left .
most people will prefer the dominant method it 's the path of least resistance .
i agree in the sense that changes in available learning material make for generational changes less struggle and less ambidexterity .
the dominant learning styles are n't generational but the availability of learning material is .
the generational change could be that barrier of available material going down and visual learners entering previously aural or verbal dominant fields .
this does n't mean dominant learning styles are learned or that a particular learning style is or is n't better for a field .
and your letting a complete stranger make you mad .
i 'm a winner so i ca n't say i value your opinion sport 😘
well the bank just down the road from me has been shut down for nearly a month after a drunk driver ran into it going fast enough to take out one of the support beams for the roof .
dunno if that 's too close to blowing it up for you though .
distinct memories of riding in the trunk of my neighbor 's wood paneled wagon with rear facing seats and jamming to the spiderman soundtrack on our way to a pizza buffet/arcade .
and my somewhat snobby mother would n't even buy cheap cheese so we rarely had cheese .
i mean if they 're deliberately making up symptoms of adhd and a good liar there is n't much you can do to prevent that without hurting those who actually have it .
i do n't drink at all anyway so a totally clean person is even better .
i just thought that drinking is quite common in today 's world .
their prison population include people in re-education camps and han chinese stuffed into the home of uighers to re-educate them .
i work in public health in the states and part of my program relies on fax transmissions .
this is 100 because i ca n't get my nurses to understand how to encrypt a document or send or open secure emails .
i recently had a nurse call me in a panic because she used the last hard copy of a patient form .
i said i would email her the original so she could print it out but in her mind that was too much trouble .
she insisted i fax her a bunch of copies of the form .
i sucked it up and faxed 3 copies and emailed her the electronic copy with instructions on how to print multiple copies of something .
this kind of bullshit is why we ca n't fill a nurse position for my program .
every applicant so far has admitted to being useless with technology but they love fax machines .
how is one of the world 's biggest marketing tools a black hole ?
you may not like sports but the point of sports from a strictly financial perspective is n't about people watching games it 's about people watching ads .
secondly distraction and entertainment are just as important to an advanced civilization as prevention of crime and allocation of resources .
to keep the people happy and give them a reason to rejoice each year .
for someone working a boring 9-5 sleeping with a boring spouse and going to boring parties a weekend game is something to look forward too .
when i 'm feeling stressed out with schoolwork or angry at my girlfriend over some drama watching real madrid win a game or just entertaining myself with the epl helps calm me and change my mood .
the meaning sports people have in their lives comes from the joy they bring people .
yes in a society we need doctors lawyers and architects to keep society running .
but we also need reasons to come together we need entertainment and we need some hero through whom we can live vicariously .
they make people like me happy and while that 's not the same as preventing crime or redistributing money it 's still meaningful .
we know you meant tuna but seeing tina there reminds me of bob 's burgers .
right because you can recall whole dictionaries of information and store all the information of wikipedia and every movie ever made in your brain .
being able to spread your legs and shit a kid out does not get you my place in line .
pete lopresti has bu and for some reason stonewalls me every time .
also if you get redirected ubo if you set it block malware pages will throw up a local block page preventing you from accessing the site the malicious site if i 'm not being clear
the book motif throughout coming together at the end ?
the way the bottom screen merges with the top absolutely inspired .
avid gw2 player here and original gw player too !
save your money if that 's all that 's gripping you
gw1 there were 3 campaigns where you could own any combination of 1 2 or all 3 standalone and an expansion which needs at least one of the campaigns .
you can buy the trilogy plus the expansion on steam for less and at black friday it was 50 off so id expect that to be the case during the winter sale in a couple of weeks .
gw2 there has so far been the main game 2 expansions and a number of episodic adventures called living world .
here all you are getting is the main game .
you can go and get yourself an account and play the original game for free !
i think there are some really minor limitations but if you 're only going for the main game without the expansions then you 're probably not going to make use of the ommissions .
as with any free to play game that hb offers this is a 'something ' edition heroic edition in this case .
some really low level armor that you 'll outgrow within your first hour .
note you get things like this just through levelling up and by level 80 your inventory will be full of them .
granted this would be great for holding those xp boosts but in all seriousness it 's a minor thing .
you 'll get bags as you play through the game essentially as the need arises as you level up you start getting them as level up rewards .
once you get to a certain point you can craft them or buy them from the trading post .
it might have been when the game was first released now but you can have 32 slot bags now and can have multiple gabs equipped .
it 's not completely worthless but not at all worth the price tag .
this is of course all opinion based but my advice would be to save your money and go for the free to play .
if you like it consider upgrading and buying the expansions .
the expansions are a vast improvement over the base game .
edit sorry for spelling mistakes wrote this on my phone in a hurry lol
i 've been taking trospium generic since i was diagnosed and it works really well to reduce urgency and frequency .
if you have good insurance the 60 mg extended release is great .
if not or if you do n't want to pay a higher copay the immediate release 20 mg 3x/day works just as well .
the whole client is all of the client not part of the client .
never tried it myself but i 've been tempted .
people who tell you otherwise either do n't mind or smoke it themselves so they are used to it .
but holy shit if you 've been smoking weed somewhat during the day and you speak to me i can definitely tell and i 'm not more sensible than any other human being so i do n't consider my case special .
well that was welcoming in sa we grad at 18 .
and you can only work a good paying job at 18
i guess this is gon na be one of those games the refs seems to have the pack bent over early blandino
i can find the latest binance ada amount deposit i made through email but the problem lies is that it 's not sufficient to verify the account they are also asking for the binance ada deposit address which is hidden in the email alert .
on the other hand in my binance withdrawal history email log i can find the daedalus wallet address that was used to transfer funds but the address used for deposits back to my binance account for whatever reason is hidden .
it 's 2nd and goal on the san jose state 4 .
i would buy a purple car if it was a good deal and have no qualms about it but not a pink car .
aww i just saw the nice message from my clone in the survey 11.0 results 😍😍😍
also whoever said get it girl probably was n't directing it at me but i 'm gon na pretend they did tbh 🤷‍♀️
i bought one i believe from a raider vendor and i have an extra from that patrol event .
someone posted a site that you plug in your team and it tells you what team to root for in every game does anyone remember that ?
the movie annihilation has some good non-combat female lead roles
is that comparable to cvs/walgreens in the us or is this a smaller pharmacy chain ?
yeah let 's send our injured limping qb on a play action on 3rd and 1 with our trash oline !
bernie mack would be proud of this mothafucka right herrr .
a few people have mentioned the lyrics they were part of what hooked me .
keep pretending it 's trust and see where that gets you .
your move '' resonates so hard and makes the song that much more powerful
he was born after the american revolution ended and was born during wwi so he was too young to serve .
why would lot 's lineage be important and need to be saved ?
and why was that worth condoning all the rape ?
i believe that is not like they tape a whole episode of nxt before they just throw a couple of matches that are later used in the following nxt with recaps of takeover
no problem for a general reference you can always look at grey market prices but i personally also base them simply on personal preference .
i could do besiege for wizard of legend though if you 'd be interested in that ?
are you lying right now or have you been brainwashed like so many others by only having seen half the quote and not hearing the context ?
mises is an anti-socialist in 1927 vienna fascism is on the the opposing the growing socialist influence in europe and this is before wwii before the nazis became evil incarnate .
sure looking back we all know the fascists were evil from the beginning but this was not obvious in those days .
judging this quote therefore as if he knew the future is ridiculous .
it can not be denied that fascism and similar movements aimed at the establishment of dictatorships are full of the best intentions and that their intervention has for the moment saved european civilization .
the merit that fascism has thereby won for itself will live on eternally in history .
but though its policy has brought salvation for the moment it is not of the kind which could promise continued success .
to view it as something more would be a fatal error .
he only praises it for keeping europe from going socialist in that period not for anything else .
it should also be noted that mises was a jew and was hunted by the nazis and barely escaped europe at the last minute .
shall we look at what the new york times said about mussolini in this same time period ?
in a period when all politicians are either dull or unwilling to break away from routine – tradition when it seems that in every western nation the spring of imagination is dried up mussolini gives the impression of an ever-welling source .
one may object to any for of dictatorship but one can not help being stimulated by the phenomenal vitality of this man who in his role of dictator has commanded the barren soil of italy to produce wheat within a given time ordered his territory to be expanded by reclaiming swamps without extending his fronters and not content with summoning new cities into existence is changing the face of the eternal city by diggin up the buried glories of imperial rome ... .
in order to create a new italy he is returning to the old sources of roman strength and domination .
he wishes to resuscitate the materlal vestiges of ancient rome because they are beautiful and invaluable but also andd mainly because in so doing he hopes to revive the old virtues of the rugged men who under iron discipline once fashhioned roman power ... .
here i had the feeling that there is no limting condition imposed on any fascist project a strange impression that whatever mussolini commands is executed without being hampered by problems practical or financial .
i was googling firearms and looking at different spec sheets .
i was also looking at million dollar houses on zillow .
bull reds are always fun i remember having a thirty six inch followed by a 40 inch red hit back to back on a kayak a few summers ago they are so much fun to catch !
kayaks make it more fun since they try to pull you around !
well you see it was the texans who did it soo..
ever since i could remember i always wanted to quit smoking.
i do n't know how tsm devs can keep stating it 's blizzards issue .
my old laptop i usually only bring on vacation with no tsm blows away my current pc with tsm running .
the load time is probably 2-10x as long for every single load screen and i have to wait several seconds before interacting with any mailbox/profession .
i no longer run arenas with tsm on as i missed too many queues and that never happens when tsm and the desktop app are disabled .
these issues have been discussed for a long time now with the only solution i ever see being what myrroddin suggests devs blaming blizzard and users suffering and wasting tons of time .
i 'll suggest what i did before that perhaps if blizzard is n't going to fix the issue on their end and it certainly does n't seem like they will at this point maybe the tsm devs should look at working on things at their end .
why would he wan na name it after the inferior siege engine ?
our special teams has been anything but special under kaczor .
id be fine with no skin getting one but this is a common 800 vbuck skin .
it doesnt seem worth it for epic to make one
honestly bulls are greedy comment is fuckin dumb and that 's from someone who 's bearish and shorting .
everyone 's greedy or no one would be longing or shorting .
there 's probably less individuals in the entire crypto space that are n't greedy than the number of fingers i have on one hand .
well it seems like your switch has a pretty severe satan infestation
there are still lots of countries in the world without nuclear weapons .
if a war broke out in africa or something and a major power decided to use a nuke it would be really bad but it probably would n't get a nuclear retaliation .
mad only 'works ' if both counties have nuclear capability or strong allies that do .
do n't really know too much about this band but i love this song when it comes up !
lol i watched that block in the back happen live better not hear any bitching about it
not gon na lie i get pretty angry when my stoned friends eat all the food at my house
no it 's only pathetic when you did nothing wrong .
if kevin felt embarrassed about those jokes and wants to apologize that 's his business .
when there is a mob making a demand on you having any sort of self-respect requires you to resist .
and 'if he felt embarrassed ' about these jokes we would not have seen an apology because a mob of screeching banshees was demanding it .
and just because they 're jokes does n't mean they 're not worth apologizing over .
he had a long routine about faggots '' that was ... rough .
it was mean-spirited and did n't have a shred of truth to it .
it does n't break my arm nor picks my pocket .
it 's not only the people apologizing who are weak as hell it is the people demanding apologies as well .
what does it say about people that they are not whole unless they can extract something from someone else ?
actually i respect people more if they dare to be politically incorrect .
it shows they are their own people and not herd animals .
did you check out the other members of the jsa ?
matthew 5:31 view whole chapter see verse in contextit hath been said whosoever shall put away his wife let him give her a writing of divorcement
this is exactly why people choose to pay for a booking service .
there is n't a single source to learn everything and every case is different .
you can definitely learn but it takes lots of independent research .
edit to be clear i do run an award booking service .
i personally would make it so the interesting npc has one or two magic items but they fit for that npc .
i do n't change magic items to what my party needs as much what the npc was using .
for example if the interesting npc is a stealthy rogue maybe he has a cloak of eleven kind .
if the party has a rogue or not it 's still a useful item to keep or sell or trade .
as far as i remember they work alot with images so i think they simply think in images '' ?
i am absolutely dumbstruck that there are people who would want to watch that show .
it is my ex roommate there was something about her that triggered me and few of my friends .
you know sometimes you see someone and you just get aggressive and annoyed and cringed idk .
well we decided to move in with her because she did not wanted to live alone in a place where she lived with her boyfriend long story short we lived together for a few months and then she went for a vacation in other country southern one .
she skypes me often and i see that she is doing great i said omg you should stay here you know cuz you are happy there and shit but as a joke cuz she had a college and a job hair whatever she skypes me few days after she had to be back home to tell me that she stays there that i should take care of all her stuff all the contracts with tv internet and shit .
and i was left alone in a fucking expensive apartment with her bs to deal with .
and she has not been back for three years now .
and im glad because i am still pretty pissed about her .
i thought it 'd be nice if it was the dull metal underneath where the black paint was scratched off to make the skull pattern
ok ... he said his mate was set up by mi5 ...
i 've never seen him outside court when a catholic priest is charged ?
because that issue is n't denied by the british establishment .
i 've never seen him go on about the parliament/westminster scandal..
and the muslim rape gang crisis is 100x bigger .
just outside court complaining about police doing nothing ... when there 's an ongoing court case proving him wrong .
he was complaining about the state hiding the problem .
he 's never gone after the others involved in rochdale/huddersfield..and there are plenty there too .
so basically 'how dare tommy make it known that the muslim rape gangs are muslim ' .
it can be done but it 's tough to not mess up your knife over time .
chips tend to get larger instead of smaller like they do with a whet stone and edges that are supposed to be straight will get less straight over time if your pressure is n't perfectly even .
oh you mean like george bush sr. pardoning his colleagues that were involved in the contra scandal ?
or any one of the other presidents that has done the same ?
come in this is just another one of your country 's glorious tradititon !
my list is the same as yours but in reverse .
they look like they could be a great couple together
had a friend who just visited there last week and i believe the construction and scaffolding is still up .
thats cool but how do we know that these giraffes are 10,000 years old ?
i spent a whole day watching this gif and i can now see into the fourth dimension
if you 're on pc let me know i 'm hr 5 and want to see how playing with others is like since im in solo life
they were a marvelous step on the road to decent affordable wedges but they fail way too easily in the heat
if you 're interested in tips and whatnot my game knowledge it 's pretty good and i enjoy teaching people .
ill make sure do this next time i need to tidy up my 2 pairs of chopsticks
i try to avoid town at the best of times but christmas ?
then it is surely on a problem on your side .
roe runs with 40-70 fps for me while plebg runs with like 20-40 fps max .
you have to learn the term early access '' asap .
i 'm really sorry to hear about your situation .
i too have had a recent falling out with a good friend of mine .
we still see each other because of mutual friends but i feel like just keeping them at arms length .
one of the ways i handled it was just spreading out my circle a little more and talk to people i do n't hang out with as much .
i hope you can get through this soon and good luck with the cpa !
i would only assume that would mean a whitelist which could probably just be removed .
this chapter was deliciously ironic cat went initially to the everdark talk to the priestess of the night for an army and in the end though we have to wait for the confirmation became the new priestess of the night ...
this promises an epic book 5 no doubt rescuing black the war against the dead king praes collapsing the tyrant unleashing one of his insane plans and the heroes trying to cope with the fact they are facing cat with a new name in service of a new goddess ...
in with mine i also had a real stethoscope and a couple of syringes just without the needle as well as some other random bits of mostly old-ish proper medical equipment because my mother 's a doctor .
and now they 've switched to bill shortens immigration policies will let murderers into the country '' instead .
japan as a whole has a problem with overworking it 's seiyuus it 's pretty disgusting
when my wife used to come back from our friend 's house we used to jump into bed immediately .
the first time was incredible when i got between her outstretched legs i saw his cum leaking from her pussy so i just bent down and licked it up .
it surprised her and me a bit but i liked the feeling of knowing that it was her lover 's cum i was licking and she seemed to enjoy the feeling as i gently licked per pussy .
i felt that it really showed her that i was genuinely really ok about sharing her with him .
freezing and thawing it before you cook it has basically no effect and hamburger is the last thing they should add the risks of unfrozen distribution .
it 's not really about whether he buffs but not giving him turns just mean you can smack him silly before he attacks or does anything .
has battery as well you should have enough dmg output to end him before he does anything crazy .
maybe i 'm missing something here but does n't outlet usually mean refurbished ?
the field of view on both cameras is way too small .
would have to take one rotate 90° then take another .
may as well just do a panorama at that point or take 5 photos with your main camera and stitch those .
a super wide field of view would need a convex lens like current 360° cameras and that would n't really work for a phone .
thank you very much all the support has helped me get through a hard night and actually get some sleep .
you know how if you keep feeding wild animals they stop looking for food lose being empowered and independant for themselves and they just become tame and start completely relying on you ?
i guess we forgot about the crazy brown guy who got murdered while everyone drank lattes ?
i heard matt and trey explain again why they 're the real persecuted race !
featuring an outdated cultural reference to draw an illusion to an irrelevant historical event .
i 've just driven another and this one was very clunky in the front end in comparison .
front bumper did n't align properly with the panel .
he has n't had it serviced since he allegedly owned it which would be around the time it had its second crash maybe even the first and for the km 's and the year it is it cheap .
my ohs first car was a repairable writeoff so i know they can be okay .
but when i am paying 40k for a car i do n't want it to have that kind of history .
check out these resources made for new and returning players !
the unofficial warframe handbook by dappermuffin https docs.google.com/document/d/1vr41ia5_fmkfyfl9ogakbtc1qkzdjul3aq7-f40gmw4/edit heading=h.govkubc266rr use this link https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsfwplqf5zfhejjildx7zl5glnagyx7ew5sfbfqortixcu9f2g/viewform ? c=0 w=1 if you have any questions or suggestions for it !
and last but probably the most helpful in general the warframe wiki http warframe.wikia.com
if these resources do not apply to this submission please report this comment or ignore it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/warframe if you have any questions or concerns .
if simulating a universe with the same properties laws of nature as the parent universe is at all possible the odds of using being in a simulation are 100 .
the real universe creatures a simulation that 's exactly like itself .
simulation 1 creates a simulation that 's exactly like itself repeat infinitely .
the odds of us being the parent and not one of the infinite simulations are 0.00000 repeating 0 infinitely 1 .
jesus christ man right off the bat you 're just unnessicarily combative for literally no reason have some civility yea ?
to answer your question did i read the post yes i read post the post that literally says that salt is increasing in the water supply at an unnaturally high rate which you think animals or nature can shrug off when the whole point of the the post was that it is not a natural climb salt levels it is very much artificial much happening to quickly .
as to your comments about removing salt from drinking water without too much fuss yea if a 2 billion dollar desalination plant that will only provide 15 percent water needs is just a little bit of fuss then i honestly do n't know what to say to you .
source on the desalination plant i live in sydney we have a desalination plant that cost about 2 billion to make and about 200 million per year to operate all to carry 15 percent of sydney 's water needs .
instinct to recover from any condition is definitely too broad .
always have a strong drink in camp when afraid .
ca n't fly all the way here and not see the harbour bridge opera house bondi etc .
i upgraded that once when you suggested it i 'll check the version today..
edit ok im on 1.2 now will test after work thanks
or equip outlanders and in hero squad so you get 6 loot bonus chance and go to a forest area and spam loot .
all the thousands of black girls that interacted with you none liked you ?
date who you like i 'm happy for you but please stop bringing black women into it .
doing that too but i feel like now at 2k auctions its time to get more efficent and changing prices markets or whatever .
do n't want 10k auctions but still want to expand
i had one in my hand ready to snack when i read it and my first reflex was still to see what it tasted like ...
it also works if you think about manually walking while you are walking .
used to work at subway and i stick to deli meats when i get it now .
no pill testing organisation in australia gives a passing grade they just tell you what substances are in your pill and possible effects .
what you 're saying they do would be dangerous and also place a tonne of liability on them which they obviously do n't need given the huge amount of scrutiny on them already .
lmao the cops do n't have the military as back-up .
the most they would have is their state national guard which takes time to call up and mobilize and is n't usually as well-equipped in garrison as the active military and only under very specific circumstances such as a declaration of emergency by the governor like what happened in l.a. during the florence normandie riots .
the world would have to be practically ending for federal units to be mobilized against citizens .
soil split is op af i wish i did n't feel like i have to use it but you just ca n't not .
exactly lavine is basically the perfect tank commander for gar plays soft defense but is electric on offense .
the result is we lose lots of games but fans still buy tickets .
the plan is tank towards getting an actual franchise player that we will get in the draft .
i think zach is beginning to realize and is the real reason why he is pissed .
i have worked the same shift in a fifo role for the last 5 years .
if you have any questions feel free to send me a pm or ask in this thread .
if someone had told me yesterday morning that katy perry was going to be a final fantasy summoner then ...
well actually i do n't know what i would have said because it was n't a remote possibility in my mind ! !
i mean ... a free 7 star summoner and their subpar stmr is nothing to sniff at even if i already have better .
i guess she will be useful to anyone who joins the game for katy ? ? ?
i guess this might interest some of her fans ? ?
still weirded out by the entire thing but well it 's not like i 'm gon na throw my toys out the pram over it .
only thing i 'll be annoyed over is if the 'wave battle ' have drop rates and rare monster rates are as bad as the last one !
wait ... is the 'eye see you ' from the data mine her lb ? ?
the left arm is much higher than the right .
for me he knows perez is there and makes sure there 's contact .
penalty and red for serious foul play in my eyes .
i 'll venmo you 50 if you give any evidence that 's true
she is a sheep in wolf 's clothing that has betrayed the union .
she has abandoned northern ireland to the eu and essentially split the uk apart .
formation not really sure idk which ones are good was playing with 4-1-2-1-2 2 but i felt like i should switch it up because i tended to pass a lot and always play through the middle but i never exploited headers .
league/nationality preferably bundesliga or bpl do n't really mind about the nationality .
i would like to try out lewandowski so i 'd like to have him in the squad if possible .
i would n't rely on any others at the price kingston sell theirs for .
i honestly want a pirate hero with a cutlass .
aside from not playing video games until 4 am is there something else he should be doing ?
unless some jackass is flexing stats at you and you expose his dumbass .
had a xbox player saying he sits on me for being a switch player and in season 5 alone i had 155 wins none in ltm almost all in lobbies with ps and xbox friends no carry .
checked his stats he has 32 wins in the 3 seasons he 's been playing .
hey dude it 's okay to not be able to articulate your position as well as others especially when it 's clear you have n't spent nearly the amount of time establishing it as others here have .
resort to debasement and ad hominems though is seen as the lowest form of debate and shows readers that you 've got no real rebuttal to support your position .
you 've said that all male victims of domestic violence deserve it a statement i can guarantee 99 of people would outright disagree with not to mention deeply dehumanising to those who have suffered or know of men who have suffered in domestic violence relationships .
unless you 've been living under a a rock you 'd know there are good men out there getting abused physically mentally and emotionally on the daily .
like how does your stance even apply to same-sex couples ?
every incident of domestic violence in a gay relationship is deserved but any act of dv in a lesbian relationship is undeserved ?
anyway here is some data on rates of domestic violence among couples .
it might help to be aware of how many people you 're saying 'deserved ' to be abused .
dette med at mobbere les unge voldskriminelle gjør som de gjør på grunn av lav selvtillit eller usikkerhet er en myte .
at man ofte går inn i kampmodus når man føler seg truet er ganske godt dokumentert .
at all mobbing kan forklares på denne måten stemmer nok ikke .
jeg kan være enig i at pendelen kan ha gått for langt i denne retningen .
det er viktig å lære barn at handlingene deres får konsekvenser .
helst skal konsekvensene av å ødelegge for fellesskapet gjøre at barna lærer selvdisiplin og konstruktiv problemløsning .
et skolesystem som går ut ifra at barn må forstås og lyttes til .
en skolepolitisk ideologi som går ut i fra at barn må forstås og lyttes til ja .
i praksis har ikke lærere ressurser nok til å vise hensyn til barnas behov .
denne ideologien er også basert på nyere forskning på adferd og læring .
derav nødvendigheten for å tilpasse til behovene til hver enkelt elev .
som man bare vil klare dersom man lytter til hvordan eleven uttrykker seg .
dette betyr ikke at man skal gjøre alt eleven sier men hvis man ignorerer åpenbare signaler vil det naturligvis gå galt .
i think it will be fairly soft based on a google of those numbers .
i do n't know too much about it if i am honest .
i think x stainless steel 45 means 0.45 carbon so not very hard ? !
i know nothing about strops other than the fact they exist haha
fraudster drug offender batterer and football hooligan stephen yaxley-lennon .
aka andrew mcmaster aka paul harris aka wayne king and aka tommy robinson .
born to immigrant parents and known for illegally entering a foreign country .
who tried to pervert the course of british justice almost collapsing a case against a child grooming gang .
i 'm joking but let 's be real this is n't griefing pvp exists and if you ca n't accept that do n't go out of your way to do people favours '' and even if you are i do n't think it 's a smart idea to approach that situation solo you should definitely have someone watching your back .
you 're picking up a random hitchhiker how the fuck are you not wary ?
hopefully it 'll teach people to be a little be more cautious with beacons and just generally leaving an area .
i have a drake i check it before i leave the landing pad i fly off check the inside of the ship again and then go on my way .
if i have a crew someone else watches the doors for me last thing we want is a stowaway with a blaster..
but i think he will be in the last batch next month just like jp .
if stablebit is using ads it will be on different streams .
for the past few weeks i 've been letting it crawl through my drivepools attaching md5 .
spent the weekend camping on tasmania 's east coast .
the early start today was well worth it this part of the world is wonderful at this time if year with warm days and long daylight hours and hardly a person in sight .
man during that time i was for sure thinking that he was going to win the wwe championship someday
so if you just want to talk without endangering your hrt they are a possibility .
or you tell your parents that dysphoria is so bad that it takes great willpower not to end your life .
if you sell it right hrt is the cure for your suicidal tendencies .
i hope you 'll have the strength to endure .
giving up when the chance for some happiness is so close would be a huge waste .
some do if you 've genuinely never had something like this happen u probably do have the ugly
when you say build rank trash what exactly do you mean by trash ?
i 'm still proud that i did n't know what an sjw was until late 2016 .
i watch it whenever i wan na nostalgia hard about my old days as boomie when everybody thought they were shit p
then according to your definition '' occult practice '' i 'd count as a vampire too .
although i myself would rather say i 'm very focused on being an individual and my true self which to me means being and becoming as much as possible .
in the end the main difference is the label is n't it ?
what 's this path of night '' what is it for you ?
they rinse the fruit when it 's cut and put into the plastic bags .
no he 's russian and so am i but he lived half his life between south america and cuba and about 4 years in barcelona in the early 70s .
installing stuff with just 1 command or from the app store '' .
this is something that has been in linux for at least 20years that i can remember using on debian .
the whole 'app store ' concept is nothing but a gui over a package manager .
you will hear references to 'free ' in 2 different ways in linux free as in the software does n't cost you anything but the source code is hidden and free as in freedom not only is the application free of cost the source code is open and not locked down in any way .
it 's worth noting not everything is free on linux there are a paid applications as well .
as a fellow linux cs go player i hope you stick around .
and 'one lot ' is it 's most useful one it 's just here to help .
someone for trying to rescue kittens because they annoyed you while doing that .
i do agree with your idea of holding reddit for hostage by spambots though while it might be a bit ineffective .
i shouldve done the daniel cooler daniel '' but sadly i have no photoshop
turn off tilt for jump and it will be much easier .
auto-skipping the maturity periods might be worth some additional vets but not that much .
for å forhindre at dette skjer igjen trenger jeg de tolv siffrene på kortet til moren din og de tre på baksiden .
not too late you still have about 2 days if you want to grind it out ...
or the number of times you have to wonder where the fuck is the rest of the team ? ''
why am i alone where the fck is my team ! ! ''
doing your seal land buying extra raids for more hero shards and buying the 3 's and the 4 's for gold from the shop is more than enough mats for a 5 .
although it 's going to be a mix eventually you 'll build up enough mats to make 5 's daily .
my name is hiddenmafia and i 'm one of the moderators here on r/tf2 .
unfortunately we 've had to remove this post in accordance with our sub-reddit 's content guidelines which can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/tf2/wiki/subreddit_rules wiki_content_guidelines.3a .
this submission page will continue to exist and you are free to share the link to it but it will no longer appear for other users when browsing r/tf2 normally .
6.0 content that is considered to be oversaturated will be disallowed indefinitely from r/tf2 .
6.0.1 a public list of oversaturated content will be maintained by the moderators of r/tf2 to inform the subreddit at large of what is not allowed under rule 6 .
a chart of specific examples can be found here https imgur.com/kdjwgb8 .
6.0.2 visitors to r/tf2 can make suggestions for this list by submitting modmail containing both a description and several examples of the type of content they want to see listed .
6.0.3 content creators that wish to submit content that is disallowed under rule 6 are encouraged to post to a related tf2 subreddit that supports that type of content .
a list of such subreddits can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/tf2/wiki/related_subreddits .
6.1 oversaturated content is defined as the following a type of content examples include a low effort meme format a particular longstanding topic of discussion et cetera .
that is decided by the moderators of r/tf2 to no longer contribute constructively to the subreddit .
these types of content are usually considered to be relatively low effort to produce and as such can easily overwhelm the subreddit with sheer numbers .
6.2 the moderators of r/tf2 reserve the right to selectively approve posts that they think display extraordinary quality that would otherwise be removed under rule 6 .
if you have any questions or concerns about the removal of this post please contact the moderator team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftf2 via mod-mail and we will be happy to discuss the situation .
yeah but what if youre just 40 stone with no health problems ?
you said your weight doesnt matter aslong as youre healthy thats a true statement then you use an example where the weight is high but there is a health problem .
im not sure what the word for this situation you put yourself in is called .
i can really see paul rudd in front of me .
hm well you could go around and take dozens of selfies with all the exposed buttcracks then post those on the internet ?
it is not my responsibility to pay the servers salary .
the cashier at the supermarket is not getting paid much as well .
do you tip all of them everytime they do their job ?
yes it is sad that they do n't get paid much .
but the solution should be found with guy who actually pays their salary .
problem with the ud is that you can easily leave the draft if someone will not pick what you think he should without any repercusion .
i do n't say it 's good or bad just an observation .
generally misogyny is a bigger problem than the church .
but it takes its benevolent sexism and perpetuates it .
your spelling hints are really shitty because they 're all essentially remember the fucking spelling of the fucking word '' .
i 'd take this with a grain of salt iceland is 2 but 0.61/100k is one single person 350k total population half are men and 1/4 are children that leaves roughly 120k-130k adult women .
place bread loaves under large bags of charcoal briquettes to absorb shocks that might cause briquettes to crumble .
bloc will be open i run a wee label that will be dj'ing in there from 9pm but should be open all day for food and that as well !
damn must suck knowing your parents failed aborting you so they up and left right after you were born
beamte haben aber so viele andere sonderrechte dass es einfach zu teuer wäre dies so zu machen .
überstunden die sind eigentlich nicht erlaubt was bedeuten würde dass der verbeamtete lokführer das gesetzliche recht hat den zug in buxtehude stehen zu lassen und nicht mehr weiter zu fahren weil seine 35 stunden rum wären .
sadly i think this guy is just trying to wind us all up .
hi u/pusiona you 're not shadowbanned but 2 of your most recent 78 comments/submissions were removed .
they may be removed automatically by spam filters and not necessarily by human moderators .
good luck on your holy crusade to control the language of others .
i mean ... hart isnt the by far the best '' ft shooter on the team and his perimiter defense is not even close .
they are totaly differeng outside of spot up 3s imo .
problem is they are the only real servicable sgs on the team ingram is not sg while we have like 5 forwards in rotation already bron kuz bi beas lance .
that 's right some people speculate he may have become the elder gods champion .
again something that has been hinted at in some mkx prefight dialogue
yee listen to for reddit volume 2. by theflyingpizza np on soundcloud
also could ya answer the question in the clip homie
hmm ... with this evidence i can conclude you 're a digimon
although the assumption that you have to win back the 35 in my view is not correct .
right now there is an investor selling back his cityuptake in the telegram for 1.31 trx each .
so this means he lost 4 on his original investment which is equal to 5 weeks of rewards .
anyway cityuptake in my view is the perfect solution for people who want to have big returns and do n't mind locking their investment for a long term .
if you want to flip regularly it is not the right investment but if you want to create a steady passive income without touching your original investment it is the right thing to do .
i think with some more prototyping this could work well .
i commented below that i question whether metal is even necessary on the spikes .
golf cleats for example switched from metal to hard plastic and rubber about 20 years ago to make a more practical shoe .
i 'm wondering if that is something to apply to this problem .
as for the pedal what if you tried to plastidip it with a bunch of layers ... . something like this https www.rubberandplastics.com/neoprene-rubber-dip-coatings
hug i wish there was more i could say/do but it sounds like you have it handled .
is your son old enough to understand that mommy is hurt by her too ?
if so maybe you guys could sit down and talk it out over a nice hot cup of cocoa .
human society was built up because people contributed to it together helping everyone advance through mutual work .
while this has not always worked perfectly and people have been exploiting others for their own benefit since the beginning it has allowed up to leave the caves behind and build massive cities cultures etc together as a race .
what is wrong with expecting people to contribute to a society that keeps them generally safe warm and looked after ?
do you take it and why or why not ?
like something happens that gives thawne control of the speed force and he creates the nsf ?
theoretical and all but that 10x density increase would be awesome .
if they manage to actually market it in ten years when my battery may need replacing getting a replacement battery that can run 450 miles instead of 45 and making the gas engine in the clarity only a backup to the electric ...
to be clear bubble wrap is just bad for the post right ?
i use anti static bubble wrap just for storing old drives on the shelf .
its a lot easier to wrap it than to go find foam especially when i dont have anti static bags for every one .
they do get moved but usually just by hand piled in a box and none of them are particularly valuable in fact i have several 40gb sata drives
realized what i did wrong swapped the fat and protein column of my little table lol
basically the moral of the story is to not sweat the small stuff .
i mean if you were 40 i would say let them rot if you want to keep your money and get dentures early since be about the same price and dentures last a long time .
but your in your 20s need to keep your teeth while longer would def get a second opinion and maybe shop around since you know what you need .
specially since you dont have insurance try and find a cash discount place .
as far as buying a house i bought a 3bd house for 170k and only deposited 3k down and had the sellers cover my closing costs .
mortgage is cheaper than my rent was for a 1bd condo .
yeah i guess i am one of those deaf people lol .
i lipread and can hear with my ci and hearing aid and speak with minimal accent because of all this my parents would n't let me learn sign .
it was hard for me to integrate into the community too but i did it .
i 'm teased for my signing sometimes but i do n't care .
quotes like this bother me because they promote the perspectives my parents had and those perspectives caused them to withhold sign from me as it does with a lot of parents .
understand though if this quote was anywhere else in the world i 'd roll my eyes and be a little irked but ignore it but it should n't be on this campus .
after the release of the velka m mini itx case many people were concerned about the appearance of the mesh side panels .
now i am considering to give the option of traditional perforated steel side panels in addition to the mesh .
they will not perform as well as the mesh acoustically or thermally but may look more appealing to some .
which of these cutout patterns do you think look the best ?
not really my taste have n't listened while tripping tho might give it a try .
i recommend jean-luc ponty for tripping very good experience .
please keep all insults to asshole variants only no need to go to lazy fuck . ''
you thought you were giving me answers but you 've gave me more questions .
i think the trade token situation is really interesting .
in the better clans where all players win the challenges for tokens and do well in the global tournament there is too much .
people do n't want to take trades as they can use their own token for a better one and then pray that someone takes it .
the situation has gotten to a point where there are 30-40 open trades in these clans .
the 'leave ' faction never hesitated to trample democracy by knowingly spreading false information to ensure the vote would go their way under shady circumstances .
i fail to see how they 're in a position to complain about others acting in bad faith now when their lies and empty sophistry has been exposed for what it is .
i 'd love if you could check mine out and let me know what you think .
my show is called simply strange and each episode tells a story about an unsolved mystery and then dives into some of the theories surrounding it .
some are unsolved murders/disappearances some are stories about aliens cryptids etc .
my favorite episode has been the mothman https itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/simply-strange/id1435422880 ? mt=2 i=1000423829601 one so that would be a good place to start .
it can weigh and will keep a graph for you .
the problem is that maajid is n't any more effective than sam .
he does n't even appeal to liberal muslims much less the fundamentalist ones he 's supposedly trying to reform .
it 's a bunch of non-muslim men in their twenties and thirties who have a negative view of islam .
i do n't know how that 's supposed to reform islam .
grabbing it will turn me on ... my burning question is once im done with you can i use it as a target ?
i was lucky enough to come across humpback whales during feeding time on a whale watch boat off of provincetown .
one of the coolest things i 've ever seen !
he probably never reads posts on reddit and only create posts when something happens after he die in fort and just hops on reddit to complain
inflation creating more deficit as he said this raise is at no cost for companies but tax cuts for the rich also create deficit .
r5 well he still has time to grow his beard even more to be the indisputable pirate lord of the indian ocean .
lol so its retail btfd all funds are out .
it would depend on if those rumors that they want to swap out superman for supergirl are true .
if it is true as opposed to just wanting to add supergirl then i 'd see that as a sign they 've lost confidence in the character as a whole .
yeah i rolled over my old 401k to my current employer got the physical check made out to vanguard and gave it to my hr .
i think in your case you sign it over cross out your name write in whomever and mail it in .
the place you set up your account with will tell you exactly how to do this .
but there are phones that cost less and run comparably or even better in some cases ...
man my house is filled with various digs and scratches to the wood floors .
between the dogs ski bags bikes moving stuff in general no idea where 95 of them came from .
there is one though that is the exact shape of an spd which doesnt even make sense as it should be recessed up into the shoe
i learned this 2 nights ago insane how good it is i feel like i can play so many more mind games now !
also i touched on that in my original post .
i said if you want to play constructed you 're going to have to drop extra cash .
also the games take anywhere as long from 25-50 minutes .
the game is not worth a recommend at all .
your money would be better valued playing slay the spire for 16 dollars or mtga or duelyst or gwent .
i 'm reasonably certain atlanta is an african third world country .
why would people outside atlas know or care enough to recognize her ?
if anyone did why would they go over and bother her ?
even if all of those things happened why would they waste time showing it ?
i could be wrong but i believe using android is free for every company .
putting google services on your phones however is n't free .
a lot of them were acquitted and one was ambushed and killed .
but that does n't matter when you 're purposefully missing my point .
they did n't get waco 'd they did n't roll in with fucking bearcats and kill them all because they were ostensibly willing to meet force with force .
the founding fathers of our country were extremist tax protesters '' .
are you actually proposing armed resistance against the government ?
i 'm not proposing anything i 'm saying historically rights are respected by governing bodies when people choose disobey unjust laws and meet state actions to enforce them with force .
which is the intent of the second amendment in the first place for the citizenry to have equal firepower to that of any force foreign or domestic which would impose conditions upon the citizenry that they disagree with .
it 's also worth noting that in any hypothetial instance of widespread armed resistance against the government in the us the government automatically loses .
effectiveness of asymmetric warfare against conventional forces especially one that relies on vulnerable infrastructure
the people who are more likely to join said hypothetical armed resistance live in the areas that produce food for the areas in which the people that would n't reside .
this would be a problem for the government who will have to stretch its personnel even thinner to get food to the cities not so much for the resisting forces out in the farmlands .
and before you say anything about tanks planes and drones you got ta realize that heavy armor and planes/drones are n't shit without infantry to mark targets engineering forces to clear paths/place bridgemakers and wo n't even be able to deploy for very long while the fuel supply keeps getting attacked or stolen .
actually a lot of character could defeat him with low-diff
bugs bunny has meta-narrative feats he could easily erase azathoth out of existence .
anti-spiral defeats azathoth mid-diff with galaxy projectiles universal vector manipulation and multiversal reality warping .
you can dream a little dream or you can live a little dream i 'd rather live it cuz dreamers always chase but never get it . ''
your quote and the one i quoted really hit me in my mid 20 's .
it got me off my lethargic ass and helped me realize only i can create my future .
the old kidneys are more in the centre of your back so it 's a substantial additional surgery to remove them .
it is already a difficult recovery and major surgery so doing an extra one is n't worth the risk .
in addition the kidneys are usually barely functioning and stop working entirely after the new one is inserted .
the old kidneys are actually a minor cancer risk as they are a useless mass of cells .
if you want to ease bae 's minutes when he is first back and spread scoring around you could do this
well it 's a quote obviously by the creator of the pic but not by kurt cobain .
someone just put that text over a photo of cobain .
damn man good on him glad ya guys killed it .
25,000 people peacefully marched in paris this saturday against climate change and no one talks about it .
i should know i 've played since may this year and am currently only at rank 182 .
i mean it 's undeniable that they 're pretty formulaic .
that said the formula happens to work and people enjoy it .
i fully accept the fact that these films are n't cinematic masterpieces but they 're fun and pretty to look at .
i 'm a fan and i do n't really believe he fiddled kids but he was pretty silly to put himself in that position
if we 're going to be bad i much prefer shitshow bad over the alternative .
because at least shitshow bad has some fun elements like this post .
i figured i could rig the system by taking the test for her .
thank you so much i 'll pass all of this over to him .
yeah ok.. when trump does n't get impeached and does n't get removed from office make sure to come back and apologize .
you 're the little sheep soaking up the corporate media 's propaganda .
during the american revolution you would have been a british loyalist .
maybe we need a remix with csw about to go bankrupt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=n1njueu8lya !
the district is unwilling or unable to follow such an index .
when trump is finally out of office for this or due to term limits i am really curious to see what r/politics will obsess about .
brad rogers linkedin page says he 's working for gmst inc. and some disclaimer saying coming soon ... '' anybody got any insight ?
the pedipalps look way to smooth to be an emperor imo .
so i watched loads of different educational videos through that even on my lunch break .
if you want to play zelda and mario then yes the system is worth it these are games specific to this system .
trial is not only one day they can always push it
we are not a subreddit about content that is merely interesting or amazing .
we are not interchangeable with r/pics r/gifs r/damnthatsinteresting or other general subreddits .
we are specifically made for psychedelic content trippy or mesmerizing stuff that will make a sober person feel stoned or stoned person trip harder !
here is the full explanation https www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/wiki/index wiki_rule_1_-_woahdude_material_only of what belongs here .
you 'll notice our definition of trippy is more expansive than the obvious fractals and tie-dye concept but there 's a lot we exclude as well .
if you post content that does n't meet those criteria it will be removed .
failure to accept these conditions is grounds for ban .
if you want examples that exemplify our purpose check our woahdude approved https www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/search ? q=flair woahdude restrict_sr=1 sort=new hall of fame .
note list does not load correctly on some mobile apps
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woahdude if you have any questions or concerns .
weeknee left out the part where the assistant-commish has already offered to take the zero in the te position or let his opponent the head commish decide one way or another .
he 's not insisting that he be able to keep njoku in .
he also changed arnold out close to the deadline in another league that i am in with him which gives credibility to his claim that it was an internet/mfl issue .
why change arnold out in one league and not the other ?
at first it did n't seem worth it to get on here and dispute weeknee but now weeknee is posting in our group chat about how reddit is unbiased and agrees with him .
he 's making a pretty big deal of it even though it 's been a non-issue from the start because the assistant-commish offered multiple ways to rectify the situation including taking njoku out of his lineup .
yeah but if that was the goal adding the stipulation of ordering from a mcdonald 's is actually stifling it .
the hardest part of customer acquisition or driving repeat business assuming your last transaction was relatively positive for a place like that is typically getting them there .
the only reason anyone is sitting at a mcdonald 's looking at their bk app is because they already knew about this promo and it would have been less friction for the customer interaction to just say use the app and get your whopper discounted rather than sending them to the competitor location first .
it is totally possible they 're more focused on app installs or some other metric for this campaign than new customer acquisition but i am having a hard time thinking of a metric that would n't actually be hindered by this requirement and would bet money that the campaign will actually net mcdonald 's more customers than it will cost them .
the only benefit is that it adds a little humor and intrigue to the idea of them competing for customers like that and if that 's what they wanted then great .
my dad had an old frat brother who is hugely successful .
he flew in for my sister 's funeral into a private airport close by and then flew out the same night .
drove 20 min and left immediately vs driving the hour and 30 into the city and waiting to board with everyone else .
it would have worked if you started as norse and conquered britannia as well as made your capital in cornwall they start as breton i believe ... so french culture group
from there you could become norman and feom norman you could become english
most people who use reddit seem to be on the left in general .
but i do n't think it 's that left leaning .
not sure why you feel you need an accountant ?
have you got someone you know who has been executor before ?
be aware that under a certain amount you may not have to lodge probate .
i guess it 's a compact version of the first idea '' in the video
stagecoach in northants used to do this a lot .
to be fair it 's largely tan so matching it would n't actually be that hard .
i wonder how our boy joonwoo is going to take care of this .
i swear the author draws girl so similar that when one of them just tied their hair differently you 'd mistake it for another .
does n't mean there are no griefers ... everytime i log in almost instantly someone drops me .
i change server because they just spawncamp my corpse over and over instantly someone drops me .
i 'll repeat that until i finally can play in peace does n't take long for an asshole to find me and just randomly shoot me .
that 's what usually happens almost every day i try to play this .
lucky you but please do n't downplay the fact that griefing is n't punished in this game .
there 's nothing you can do except run away fighting back only makes it worse because the cycle of killing each other never ends and there 's nothing to gain from it .
i mean that 's what kind of mingboggling about all of this
hyoga was 100 the bronze knight to turn into a woman if there needed to be one .
shun is already breaking a character archetype being an actual emotional and open-about-his-emotions guy
i 've been called a piece of shit an idiot a no good bastard ... those all hurt .
how the fuck do you not realize that people will call you names when they want to hurt you .
if you are a transgender it will be mis-gendering you if you are a guy they 'll call you a pansy if you play football they 'll say you suck at football .
people aim for the weakspots when they want to hurt you .
i hate this fucking double standard when it comes to insulting people .
you can call people a rat bastard a waste of air anything to hurt them any weakspot is ok except when you mis-gender them or something special .
on a side note are you at all able to hold a discussion without downvoting every response you get ?
all good until you wake up 4 hours after work starts because the alarm decided not to go off .
my casual friends or should i say ex-friends did n't like patchwork !
they also complained about my odors '' my odors add complexity to my mass market life !
vote for your favorite performers in the 2018 starlet awards !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pornstarlethq if you have any questions or concerns .
this is correct and you will get towed from those lots .
there is one free lot on moody across from the library but it 's for people using the library so i would n't abuse it .
your best bets for parking are the free but busy street parking or the meters on father morissette one street over .
indeed and without looking too dep into it it does n't seem like a count of all their songs either .
i 'm super sick but that wo n't stop me from going to my first game at the coliseum ! ! !
my mans went from vulture chicken to the most photogenic perfect looking chicken
i honestly have not had a single start ruined by rng '' in eeli since the dlc .
i do n't even use seeds and i mostly only lose people i expected to lose .
all my good bros get survivability builds in the early game i.e .
colossus and steel brow not student shields and the best armour available .
i try to get archers asap and every bro hired is used with the worst ones given suicidal two-handers like axes to try to poke in from the flanks .
those 30 gold cripples are prime real estate in this phase and big investments like hunters and militia guys generally pay for themselves .
i only do fights versus humans mostly thugs until my best guys are in a stable place with survivability perks and decent armour .
i see people say they have certain runs boned in the very first couple days and though i 'd be fine with that happening it never does to me .
if it 's an 18 wheeler i 'd guess 5 ?
i 've helped potentially millions of people learn how to play some songs on guitar .
dailies we 're useless and the excitement just was n't there .
alright i should say that you do n't know what you 've won yet .
it 's looking like a shit sandwich chow down !
still had julio juju and amari so i 'm still good .
when we go through periods where our d/s dynamic takes a back seat i feel moody and disconnected .
i think the two biggest differences between v600 and v700 are
the software they come with to run your scanning v600 has epson scan v700 may come with silverfast
the size of the backlight window v600 can scan 12 35mm frames at once vs. v700 that can scan 24 frames .
v600 can scan 3 or 4 frames of 120 at once vs. v700 that can scan 6 or 8 frames .
wow he went from a man to a rupauls drag race contestant real quick .
these memes are hilarious but you ca n't be complaining about getting pked in wildy lol
i 'm still not seeing the option under graphics advanced as well nor game settings .
what was strange is when i opened wh2 now to find the setting the cursor was firmly locked when in main menu i 've uninstalled cursor lock but when on campaign map the cursor still runs off the screen but gets brought back .
so essentially it looks like the mouse is 'clipping ' through onto the second screen .
the result is this jerky camera pan to the left when this happens .
i assume the cursor pans the camera then leaves the game window so stops panning then gets brought back into it at which point it starts panning again all this within fractions of a second .
they might be there for the lunch reception afterwards .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
you performed an overtake when it was n't safe to do so .
sure once you 're there the car should have given way but you should n't have been there in the first place .
your post has been removed for the following reason s
read the reddit rules on advocating violence here https www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/78p7bz/update_on_sitewide_rules_regarding_violent_content .
if you feel this was in error message the moderators .
maybe that 's why he shot him in the eye .
the fact that jehovah did n't create such a cool and exciting specimen is proof for me that he does n't exist .
this christmas wg are aiming for new high record on revenue .
they put in the loot boxes all the hype tanks .
this is the best trailer so far and how they should have been selling the film from the start
my guess is the cgi for some of the massive sequences here was n't ready at the time .
how can you tell it 's an e92 just from that picture ?
i think it 's a poor question as the implications of enshrinement in the constitution are unclear .
it 's a dick move but really it 's a very sylens move whether the dick is big or small xd
there were still 10 other players on that pitch when he did the amazing stuff he did .
it 's a team sport and he 's basically spitting in all their face
decreased the duration of the damage over time effect from the flame thrower from 5 seconds to 3 seconds .
decreased damage from flamethrower damage over time by about 50 .
i 've kind of had the opposite concern and i 'm not sure how i feel about not being able to swap spells in combat .
being able to hot-swap spells to adapt to changing situations was a big part of eq .
it also affects classes differently as a wizard you might only need just 8 spells for all situations but a class like shaman or enchanter probably has like 20 core spells they need to constantly swap between .
and if a patrol aggros you while you 're rebuffing your group ?
now you 're absolutely neutered for no real reason .
in combat '' is already a pretty iffy mechanic in mmorpgs .
this system also empowers peoples ' ability to grief and train other people .
there 's a lot of reasons why this sounds like a bad idea to me .
it 's sad mac had to leave us so soon i would 've loved to hear more of him working with my favorite movie soundtrack composer jon brion .
klassen medizin sorgt für lange wartezeiten in der ambulanz !
they seem to mostly be in either high-end brand bathrooms or very low-end public toilets i 'm thinking stainless steel bowls .
we were both just busy then we just turned into snapchat pals .
would send a snap or chat on there once every few days but nothing ever serious .
finally on halloween actually we were both snapping and happened to be in the same part of town .
went home together and it honestly felt like hanging out with an old friend .
we 're still just pals and i 'm not even really upset .
i never heard that kind of attitude towards investors from professional company before .
if u dont like the execution then just sell .
that is very bad attitude towards current and future investors .
u will never heard those words from apple google or microsoft management .
people are complaining because investors do want this team to succeed .
and if somebody invested money here it gives them every right to voice their opinion and send constructive criticism .
communism so u dont have right to question the big leaders ?
i thought this project is from thailand and not from north korea .
in thailand people can still voice their opinions as far as i remember .
also many people did n't sell at high prices because we believed in june and his promises of rock year conglomerates and plasma coming q3/g4 .
now you are telling us that we are ungrateful and should sell ?
if i knew that people on this community would have this kind of attitude i would never change my eth for omg ! !
i never heard vitalik trying to pump the price with tweets like team did here and i never heard vitalik telling his eth community that of they dont like they way the things are then they should sell their tokens .
in vitalik we trust not so much in others here !
yeah i think it would be a good interesting experience .
well they do n't get a garden hose and aim it at the engine to shut it down .
im no expert and i 've only heard of it happening but i 'd imagine you 'd need several fire trucks all pumping water at the engine at full capacity for a rather long time to shut one of those things down not just a little bit of rain
tdm maps killed sacrifice and in my opinion this will kill ctf too .
i think game modes like sacrifice or ctf needs only symmetrical maps or its like play a duel in burial chamber .
statisticly the worst country in the world by so many measures .
ringside news is the absolute dregs of the internet .
but what is there to buy in an epic store ?
i wish i knew my bible as well as you do !
might not sound like much but leaving a religion that controls so much of what you do do n't do think and feel was not easy .
also navigating the complicated family and social situations has n't always gone as smooth as i would have hoped .
it 's been almost 4 years and i 'm doing well .
the only dilemma i see is having the paladin caress their backs '' as a result of the failed grapple .
at some point you will be able to transfer your consciousness to a digital format and you will be able to choose when or when not to turn yourself off . ''
well i mean ... has anyone really looked in to how much money china has made selling black/gray market fentanyl to the north american market ?
... and how much of that fentanyl was demand from discontinued prescription heroin aka purdue pharma 's oxytocin ?
the entire narco series is a diary of the b-team sent on a cocaine and pot snipe hunt that lasted the better part of four decades .
what would happen if you sat at a null gate and a fleet of frigs warped in at 0 ... and then you set off 8 large smartbombs ?
what if it was an alliance owned jump gate ?
does tobi in world counted as a similar skeleton tho ?
after having sex with multiple inanimate objects the op has finally made it a goal to have sex with a person .
only qualm is the tenses sometimes it 's past sometimes it 's present .
it looks like you describe her in the past and the mountains in the present but given that it appears to be written based on her point of view i think all past tense would work better .
i hate being considered the nut among my peers .
i do n't even go crazy i just love the subject lmao
if we sell bale we would need two wingers this window counting hazard .
id prefer to sell bale and unrealistically go all out for hazard and neymar but theres like a 0 chance of that so just hazard would be fine .
bale isnt good enough to be the main focal point of our attack but hes more than enough to be a support cast for hazard and icardi
i am on steam it does persist after a relog my ign is the same as reddit asturiubanana
to be honest i do n't want to send dick pics to some random reddit moderator .
make sure the date is in a date format .
2. set the proper starting year by right clicking the date dimension .
you 'll then be able to use a date function to get the quarters .
3. the calc should be something like fixed metric indicator quarter dates avg value .
same thing with fixed geo code quarter dates std value .
the reagan-era small-government republicans support him because they knew he would sign paul ryan 's budget and appoint corporatists to the courts .
they should make an alternate version where a red shirt does n't rematerialize .
metro has an awesome story line but holy hell it is hard .
i do n't want to spoil anything but i will say the further you go in the story of the mutations the more you get sucked in .
no bruery beer other than btr is worth paying secondary for .
in fact many bruery beers resell for less than retail because people just want to get rid of them .
this is a cash grab and they should have done them individually for those that really want diabetes and need to complete their 12 days set .
only a few of these are ba and those are the 30 bottles .
this is a huge ripoff from a retail and a secondary standpoint .
plus ... should a brewery sell you their beer retail for secondary prices ?
al-shorta 1980-81 tied on points goal difference lost by number of wins
i guess that 's what they were going for .
i 'm only artistic in a musical way ... i guess ?
but i just checked out your instagram page and homepage .
got all the cards now we 're on the harder parts now .
if you 'd like to join us and help completethecode here 's the discord server https discordapp.com/invite/qukrrf3
he 's spending money like he 's putting it his daddy 's credit card .
this sub is really not active enough for something like this .
why did the audio get fucked up at the best part
you must be balling out with that 401k man .
that seems high and i 'm selling the service .
i have a bucket called debt pay down not i would just transfer to money to my credit card category but i like your way better .
that way i can see how much extra i paid towards debt .
i do n't know why i decided to read this while pregnant but it was beautiful and i 'm sobbing .
there is truly nothing in this world like the unconditional love that your dog gifts you with .
as i started crying reading this my dog came over laid on my belly and stared right at me .
they know without us having to say a word .
but he 's also spot on on things like identity politics and freedom of speech .
is he spot on on freedom of speech when he threatens to sue people https www.canadalandshow.com/how-jordan-petersons-fame-affected-his-private-practice for criticizing him ?
i just tried a random united booking that showed basic economy fares .
selected be and on the next page i scrolled down and saw all other options under confirm or upgrade your fare class ... regular econ premium etc .
if they fixed the contract where they do n't count down outside the specific mode there would be a lot less complaining
does anyone know if there is any significance to the destructible lanterns that each sit above the same skaven symbols found littered across the level ?
noticed them on my last run and have n't seen anything about them
om*g i 'm lidderaly crieng ad shackin rite now !
my dad sed i hav to slep outside iff i keep shidding and fardin in my bedd !
but no caming 😎dad said not til i 'm in college
you can raid npc houses though and get some valuable marissa and weapons
sharps or spokane rifle club will be fine regardless of your skin tone or sleep medication needs .
i would allow it in my game but it would require rare ingrediabts and like 5k gold
or do you just mean quicker cooling by submersion ?
the parking lot was surprisingly full today for the 7am finals
i bet natsukium would be a really great element !
you should see the things you can poke on victory drive
it 's funny you have wilt and russell ahead of kobe when you did n't even see them play lmao
faz uns dias já que tu respondeu isso mas se te interessa esse tipo de coisa queria recomendar um canal no youtube chamado trey the explainer
ele faz vídeos com conteúdo bem acurado e profundo de biologia evolutiva paleontologia e criptozoologia mas explica muito muito bem e de um jeito que parece uma historinha o que torna bem legal .
aqui um vídeo que lida um pouco com a questão da diversidade biology on islands https youtu.be/pp3h7keu0_o
foi mal mas espalho a palavra do trey pra todo mundo que vejo ter interesse em evolução haha
take all the good things about blake bortles but make him be able to throw a spiral have good throwing mechanics and read defenses .
his best quality is how fast he can go through his progressions as a rookie .
everyday do something to feed you mental health physical health and emotional health .
for me it was going to a spot 20 mins out of town and read a book that spoke to what i was looking to better .
i also found a counselor to help me with mental barriers i could n't recognize that were holding me back .
one of them was regarding the death of my father .
i found a gym partner where we were in similar circumstances regarding our fitness level .
we committed to showing up and pushing each other .
there 's something mentally satisfying about enjoying something you put effort into .
not expensive trips but even a quick road trip .
sometimes i needed to break up the day to day monotony .
over time i found myself taking more risks and figuring out my values and what i really want in life .
but you have to remember that circumstances are temporary .
red in watercolor style would n't hold up at all .
red fades pretty bad over time and without line work out would basically invisible .
she was doing it to help amma by getting adora to pay attention to her instead .
also by taking the poison she was able to give proof that adora had been poisoning them .
duuuuuude i did the same thing thought it was only gon na spoil something from this encounter .
ugh i suspected this is how the game ends though ...
i like the books and the author enough to not hold them to false expectations that they 've never attempted to hit .
grrm is open and honest about his historical influences .
and they are not nuanced interpretations of historical events .
close but they actually call me the master baiter .
i do n't believe norman would give any info that was not part of the script .
for me it was part of the mkt strategy to give these bits of info '' to calm down the fanbase .
now regarding the timing itself i think it 's more reasonable to consider that the first half of 2019 is now eligible to have a release for part i out of iii maybe ? .
norman gave us new infos aki is joining the mkt staff of kojima productions probably to start drafting the strategy for the release ...
i do n't want to raise my expectation regarding having the surprise of 2018 anymore because i believe that that already happened lea/lindsay reveal but i 'm becoming hyped again with the stuff happening under the radar '' .
i get what you 're saying but it happens quite often where i 'll go and mine a seemingly pristine vein only to deplete it in 1 pay dirt because someone else has left it to run down its time in order to bank or whatever .
if veins were to only tick down their timer or reset after a given number of game ticks then the situation above would be less common .
people just do n't want mlm to be more afk and i get that .
i only brought this up because i spent a few minutes testing it out and thought it would be a nice improvement to mlm for all .
the 4th amendment ca n't be weakened what is weakened is the protections you enjoy in each circumstance .
the 4th amendment prevents unreasonable searches and seizures not every search requires a warrant to be reasonable .
i 'm an addict so i 've done plenty of bad shit but about ten years ago when i lived in an apartment complex i saw my elderly neighbor walking to the mailbox with her walker .
she left her door open so i walked in and stole a big ass bottle of lortabs that was sitting on a table in her living room .
let 's see how many memes die this time and how much salt is generated .
also what do you mean by what to make of it ?
given that there are good reasons to suspect that there could/should be intelligent '' life elsewhere in the universe why is there an apparent lack of evidence of their existence ?
are the speculations off in the first place and intelligent '' life is more rare than we thought ?
in 4.5 billion years in ideal conditions on the paradise of earth intelligent life capable of building a technological civilization evolved only 1 time
no other animal has matched humans is encephalization the great filter ?
thus it is obvious intelligent life is extraordinarily rare and that should be the foundational assumption of any further research discussion and speculation on the topic .
we talk about the fermi paradox and the drake equation the kardashev scale and the great filter the goldilocks zone and universal darwinism and consider to the best of our ability why we have not yet encountered our cosmic companions .
this research incorporates most of what is currently known with simple conclusions
he specifically says they 'd be out partying after a 6-1 loss and says how absurd it was .
if we allow people to ignore their own laws without properly changing them then they mean nothing and rules begin to blur .
they wanted to be by their own words praised for not just picking them as desired .
believe it or not we pay these people through portions of our taxes .
they really do n't have the right to this kind of self-governance that they claim to .
but why do that when the only thing harper has over machado is being a lefty .
machado fills a whole and is a generational talent .
and if didi comes back healthy and andujar is still on the club then machado slides to third stanton plays left and andujar is the new dh .
as long as pp offers abortions it can be argued that they are using government funds for that .
it 's a pretty simple equation is the money buying an abortion yes or no ?
are we now going to argue this money remains government funds '' forever at which point we just outlawed abortion indirectly ?
because it does n't look like it makes much sense .
can i get an abortion if i 'm a government employee or is that government funds ?
if i fund it trough a go-fund-me are they going to argue my internet connection was subsidized by tax payers ?
how about the roads to get to the clinic ?
do firefighter need to let the clinic burn so as to not let government funds facilitate abortions ?
you can take molly out of the dive but you ca n't take the dive out of molly
i would actually love seeing weak normal monster become viable through tristian !
i want to see a salary cap in campaign finance .
like 1/population you are trying to get to vote for you .
but my mayor would only get a 65000 cap .
the amount could be more or less than a dollar .
it 's mostly about your luck not your build though exceptions exist .
it all depends on their items as those cna get pretty crazy sometimes .
maybe i 'm missing it but what teams available/do you have a dl link ?
i agree that the line gives chills but i think it 's because the line is doing double duty .
it 's also not a good kind of thought in my opinion because it shows how far gone she is by that point in the story .
because i think you 've got the exactly wrong kind of reading on it !
although we do n't know the exact degree to which powers influence people i can easily see that line being straight from qa 's own mouth .
after all the heroes are n't working together they 're being strung around like marionettes .
they 're being forced into compliance under her own direction and the sense in which they 're working together like cogs in the great taylor machine is very unlike what a normal person would think working together '' means .
she sees it as 'finally working together ' but there 's really no one working but her .
especially because that lines comes after every barrier between taylor and qa is broken down .
because is n't taylor just the perfect person for that kind of thinking to take ahold of ?
powerless and abused for so long the only time she 's going to feel comfortable is when she 's in control of the situation .
which is exactly what her power does it puts her in control .
the ironic twist in the start is that she can only control things that are as pathetic as bugs .
but eventually that irony is exchanged for the very real thing that she wants .
after of course she 's in the suitable state of mind .
so you 're quite right on one count it really was what she was always kind of after . ''
but her power in the vein of all powers did n't give it to her in the good and wholesome way .
it used what she was after to twist the worst most controlling parts of her into seeing the only solution as being one where she look out an observes what she always sees
people who are unwilling or unable to do what 's necessary in order to fix it .
herself powerless and willing to do whatever is necessary .
take the lead do whatever is necessary to gain the advantage by acting in novel and unpredictable ways .
scion ca n't be beat by flinging lasers around so you have to get him from an angle he 'd never see coming .
she follows the same formula she followed when she left her house on that first night when she took over brockton bay and when she could n't work with the protectorate anymore .
it 's the same story told in 30 arcs .
taylor saves the day and it costs her in the way that it always does .
so while she is a hero she 's human .
her desire to do the right thing is always always tempered by the human failings that she has .
she ca n't trust she has to control she has to win and she 's the only one that 's willing to do it right .
if that means devouring everyone else in her way well that 's just the cost of victory .
should n't you be happy that she was willing to pay that cost for you ?
the problem is that taylor as the protagonist always wins .
just because taylor 's solution works does n't mean that it was the only solution that could have worked .
that 's why i think the line about being s-so small '' was also important .
she has a chance to resist contessa even though she 'd probably lose .
but is n't that what taylor does fight even when she 's cornered ?
except now she 's got nothing left to give .
we 're s-so very small is the perfect description of how the qa would look down on human beings as ... insects .
it 's taylor having a moment of total humility and realization at the very end .
so rather than go on autopilot and respond to contessa in the way that she always does taylor decides to try something new and different for a change .
rather than upping the ante fighting back and prevailing against all odds ... she decides to pass on the torch and let go .
she does n't want to have to give another taylor answer to the question because she 's already at the end of her rope .
i do n't mean to paint taylor as either a villain or a hero .
i think that she was written as a flawed but brilliant person whose personal failings made her into a person that would succeed at any cost .
luckily for the people of the worm earths her style won the day .
he did n't give her an ultimatum like a real asshole would .
he said either she had to give up comedy or get back together .
he was nicer than he could have been about it but he still said she had to choose between doing comedy or keeping her family together .
eugh you look good bald and do n't even need to .
last round i saw several reviews calling it chunky and gritty .
new zealand does not have nearly as much leverage as ksa does .
we have to use whatever 'soft power ' we can muster and part of that is buying goodwill with gestures like this .
yeah it 's messed up how they pretty much let so many people die because of laced or bad shit when they know that test kits will seriously save so many lives .
had a coworker tell me once that arnold was paid 6 billion for terminator 5 .
i never even considered another word from him as long as we worked together .
u/fptn notified us in july that it was dead and we have n't even heard from him since then .
so you would 100 leave your long term partner if he had a momentary lapse of judgement and received a lap dance ?
is your husband allowed to go to strip clubs ?
i support people 's decisions if strip clubs are off-limits .
if they do allow them as an accepted part of the relationship then i agree boundaries are important but you also need to accept the risk that one may get caught up on the atmosphere and go along with a free lap dance .
i would be pissed af if this was my husband but it would not be a deal breaker .
it would be a big deal yes but i would not leave him over it .
i have explained elsewhere what actions i would take .
well then obviously they dont understand how this game works .
i expect to escape 50 percent of the time since that 's how the game is supposed to be balanced .
as killer i expect to get 2 kills on average but honestly i usually get 3 or more .
with only 99 minutes to live it is n't too dissimilar .
if there was an out my plan would change but the premise is pretty limiting .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a548sp/has_anyone_ever_successfully_joinedremained_in .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're gon na regret this but let 's just say 9/11 was n't the only thing that the government did .
there are also people who blame civilian deaths on syrian government instead of isis co. what can you do ...
i thought the idea was solid but i did n't really like the overall execution .
also did n't like the idea that he just took over some random dude and became him
living in constant fear and stress but at least you know when people continue relationships with you they are n't motivated by your money
i used creighton to get pregnant with my boys and i highly recommend it .
the different types and amount of mucus do help them determine what issues you may be having in concert with your blood results .
i think that the payment of a ppm at all is transactional and the fact that there is sex sometimes means that the cost of the sex is simply spread across onto the platonic dates .
the sex is enhanced by the platonic dates no ?
it gives the illusion of a normal relationship gives a no pressure bonding event and allows for flirtation to spice up the sex .
and the idea that we are entering a 20k social investment and it 's not for the sex is asinine .
it 's better sex than an escort especially for men who need a true gfe experience to get off and that 's literally what you get with a sb .
the only offensive thing about paying half for platonic is that you are violating the unspoken rule which is that having some manners and tact about the whole relationship creates a very powerful illusion that it 's not about the sex .
which is important to a lot of people to feel good about the arraignment .
even when it 's not about the sex it 's about the sex .
that 's why the relationships are usually relatively short the girls are unrealistically beautiful and typically underemployed .
there are exceptions but i do believe this to be closer to the rule than your comment .
we just have the preference to make an arrangement where the girl has probably not had sex four times before we go on a date .
good luck with your anti-picking journey another thing i do to help resist the urge is slather my face or problem area in goopy moisturizer that i do n't want to stick my hands in .
i 'm just 3 months old into the game and i want to tread lightly i.e not spending too much money in this game .
one fine day i will buy ghost vulture but right now they are not my priority as i 'm trying to have a decent rotation in my roster .
kraven would be the suitable choice for now but he 's gon na need some farming bio-selector s .
i think a good solution to this problem would be heat '' based server launches every 5 minutes players connect to and fill up available servers get their loading out of the way for up to 5 minutes and wait for the actual start of the raid with an awaiting deployment '' message until it hits the next 05 of the hour then you get the deployment countdown .
no more new pmc connections after that besides reconnects in case someone ctds no automatic launch when the raid is full so that players are kept on their toes not knowing exactly how many people are in their particular raid etc .
the benefits of this are obviously fuller servers by throttling the amount of new instances being created and eliminates advantages '' on both sides of the coin as no one gets dunked on spawning in late right in front of a squad or player that moved up towards where you happened to spawn this has happened to me multiple times on customs and factory while conversely late-spawning players wo n't get an unfair drop on someone who just cleared and moved past where they spawned .
the downside to this system is the little bit of extra wait time for players to get started because it 's always 5 minutes tops depending on when you start loading in the match always starts at xx:05 xx:10 etc when the average session start with load time is around a minute to a minute and thirty seconds right now .
it could also be too demanding for bsg 's current server architecture to handle launching so many instances in waves like this .
though in the long run it can help them streamline their servers ' resource usage .
streamers may also be particularly put off by the wait .
tl dr spawning in late is almost always a disadvantage as everyone else has had time to gain advantageous positions and get to the popular loot spots before you and this is a simple solution to this issue that addresses server load creep from having a bunch of 2 or 3 player instances running .
it 's worth noting that addressing this is probably super-low priority considering the current raid-based gameplay is not bsg 's idea of final gameplay as in this wo n't matter when the game goes open world like they 've envisioned .
because he was the captain that the protected little knoll at gettysburg 20th maine against 26th tennessee ?
ran out of bullets so he ordered his cis males to charge the traitors and protected the flank of the union of the united states of america .
and while we 're on a roll here energised by an australian cab sab why the hell do professional football players feel the need not to respect the flag of union ?
this is the flag of lincoln the flag of grant and the armies of the republic !
you protest police brutality which you think is white on black but all skin colours colour is four fifths of fuck all in terms of dna meaning we 're all the same for you dumb shits wear blue .
a usa police person kills 15 times the global average per capita in western society and this
is the stat that fires people up but —-police officers in the us are 45 times more likely to be subjected to potential deadly violence .
read lincoln imagine he did n't die on april 14 ?
what would the usa have become in terms of racial harmony .
if anything that 's even more of a reason to like thomas over gesicki .
everything i 've seen from him as a blocker both on game film this year in the nfl and from his college tape is mediocre at best .
i came here for the patch notes tbh and alas same old stuff
so if it 's about ending exploitation and abuse should n't vegans be ok with eating meat that was slaughtered humanely ?
also about the saving the planet thing surely vegans do n't think that not eating beef means less cows and thus less emissions ?
because in the grand scheme of climate change that does n't make a lick of difference .
i go to a lot of concerts and thought normal earplugs would be just fine .
meaning that the taxi 's actually provide the service that they are supposed to provide .
maybe actually picking up and taking people where they are supposed to go instead of telling people no '' locking their doors or just being shitty at being taxi drivers .
i moved to the area when i was 20 and in hindsight it helped to form me into the man i am today .
a lot of valuable skills were gathered living here for 18 years .
the people you meet mostly your neighbors are at once the biggest threat and your best defense .
learning how to judge them as quickly as possible will save you some trouble .
people on the street are mostly harmless but things do go in cycles .
walk with your head up do not wear headphones and do not be afraid of eye contact .
if someone asks you the time you do n't know .
a decent pair of leather boots go a long way here .
rain is the obvious reason but piss puddles vomit feces needles blood dead rodents ... . the more protection for the lower feet the better .
learn how to be assertive with people trying to get in under your fob entry .
just say politely with assertiveness i need to see your fob and key '' most turn away .
but if they live in the building they will thank you .
it might sound like a lot of negative things to worry about but some of my fondest memories have been from the people down here .
there are some real gems people with cracking wit and stories for days .
i found it to be an incredible motivator to be surrounded by so many people with almost a comical lack of motivation .
but if you are easily influenced those people will find you .
imagine the uproar back in taiwan from all those non-chinese controlled media ... oh wait
definitely not a long term plan but it 's great to give you a stable base to launch out of .
a lot of places are booming right now so give it a shot .
that 's just how baseball is hard throwing lefties get lots of chances .
if he 's not with the rangers someone else will pick him up and he 'll probably be in and out of the big leagues for another seven or eight years .
the fed expands its balance to cover as much of the unsupported 21 trillion adjustments as the military and hud need to pay for black ops or insurance on defaulted mortgages ...
i still prefer to sleep with unnecessary levels of blankets because i find the weight comforting .
thanks this whole thing was very interesting and insightful .
i do webdev i can do it for you probably
i dealt with the same problem and it was hard to tackle and i could only watch as cims died non stop for some time and ended up building crematoriums at every block because i did n't know how to handle the situation .
other people in here are also taking hope and comfort from these shared experiences and wisdom .
they 're literally made for that bass with 2+2 headstock .
all i 've used on my hofners for years and they will honestly never wear out with normal use .
ca n't remember the last time i had to change a set .
do n't worry about upgrading anything else the strings and your approach to playing will make the most difference .
to be fair by having more comfortable lives our instincts have gone to shit a bit .
i 'm the complete opposite ... for me 700 350 all day .
but it 's got ta be wave runners ... my mauves just do n't feel the same
all girls have a quirk that allows them to condense and manipulate the matter in their hair but it causes scalp pain when used .
a lot of them turned out to more or less useless but a handful of them were found to be successful in countries like germany and the uk .
i think the film was more interested in discussing the moral issue behind denying dying patients access to drugs .
is n't it kind of silly to tell someone who 's dying that some government agency is n't sure if certain drugs are safe for them ?
dbc is really just trying to show the flaws in how we treat the sick especially during an epidemic like aids where we really had no idea what we were dealing with .
although it exaggerates the bureaucracy of the fda at the time it really highlights how some kinds of government intrusion into our lives benefit no one .
the fda ends up looking like a bad guy while they 're just trying to do their job and patients end up on their death beds wondering if some of those drugs could have help extend their lives .
i also got that vibe but i am also pretty sure the article never mentions him harassing anyone .
he 's also done fuckall to even pursue custody of kaiser .
the plants are from 3 separate stores so i really have no idea .
though you 're probably right the plants came bagged with barely any water .
🙃 i cant read the characters you typed but i 'm just hoping retarded isnt a word on my sweater 😂
u can sell it for better prieces in fb or ebay or sites like those.. i mean u buy their devices for soo high prices and they get them for shity proces .
for example my iphone 7 on the website the said for a trade in 185€ iphone 6s costs more ... .
when i can sell it online for 350€ did u get it ?
or it 's almost as if like fashion traditions may also change over time
they could from from some kind of training like learning to track different things .
sand is useful for showing pressure patterns of strides and steps .
much better reception here than i expected after twitter woof
welcome coach klieman we 're excited for the beginning of a new era
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here http contact.dankmemesreddit.com replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
you should always talk to your doctor about anything that is impacting your daily life to this degree .
depression does not discriminate it can happen to anyone at anytime .
a depressed or irritable mood most of the time .
a loss or decrease of pleasure or interest in most activities including ones that had been interesting or pleasurable previously .
feeling slowed down in your movements or restless most days .
feeling tired sluggish and having low energy most days .
having feelings of worthless or excessive guilt most days .
experiencing problems with thinking focus concentration creativity and the ability to make decisions most days .
kind of hard to change the law when votes literally do n't even matter and get thrown away .
what if these votes lead to a politician that could have changed the law ?
even if they have audio and video of trump openly colluding with russia and proving he is a russian asset ... and had financial paperwork proving it ... and had the pee pee tapes ... and had further proof of his campaign finance violations ... and proof of him and his family breaking the emoluments clause ... fox news and his supporters would just shrug and say fake news '' and continue with their days .
one thing that made me excited about these people is that when i spoke with the owner we had a long conversation about my goals of owning rentals and his many rental properties .
nah you 're just as much of a dude as a cis dude .
there 's just a little more assembly required but that does n't make you any less valid 3
i would help if my thesis was n't also due this week lmao
jerk off for the first 10 minutes and then head to the liquor store .
so this is how the vikings season ends huh ?
if you do n't find any suggestions that sound like they 'll work for your family check out the fussy baby site 's sleep section at https www.thefussybabysite.com/blog/category/sleep lots of tips for dealing with kids who just wo n't sleep .
i wish i had a better suggestion for you but we are dealing with different issues .
hope you find a solution that works for you guys and soon !
you need to figure out the caloric intake as that in relation to weekly weight change is all that matters here .
until you figure that out we ca n't do much
he warned me not to eat more than three but i ignored him .
my stomach started making noises and i knew my little legs and sphincter could n't make it so i sat there on the swings accepting my fate .
you could see it through my khaki shorts and on the back of my leg .
seems as if all rare warpaints are no longer present .
it 's a free backtesting platform that you can use online with python .
it simulates minute by minute data and realistic trading conditions and has futures .
might take a little learning to get comfortable with it but your algorithm should n't be too hard to write .
game has always been free on ps4 there 's no way you paid money for it
your post is a duplicate of something that was posted not too long ago and is being removed .
if you have questions about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffireemblemheroes .
i peed my pants during a game of tag because i did n't want to unfreeze .
throwing away full drinks in a public trash can .
someone has to pick up that trash and all of the liquid is going to spill out of that cup and cause them more clean up than necessary !
except she ca n't really tell you what that means ... because she 's a fucking moron ... .
the irony of this statement will be lost on you but the other redditors lurking will have a wry smile .
there are tons of books it 's magical world where people have different levels of powers and face challenges from various magical and physical threats i remember enjoying it very much in high school .
the part that you may of may not like is that babies come from storks sex is literally called the adult conspiracy and when it 's finally explained '' is just laying naked together and three dots summon the stork because magic .
and it should be him in mid turn around scrambling in the pocket
hm maybe selfish but its hawt to do it mostly for all guys .
that 's the only time i dont like to go down on my girl
imagine what our record would be if zo could hit open layups and we could make free throws ?
he could make every point under the sun and dudes would still just go it 's just memes ! ''
i got into nazi shit a ton when i was younger because people would just openly shove that shit in your face like a joke .
it took literally like 12 years to get over that bullshit .
it started as a joke but it definitely shaped a lot of my views .
the only reason i really changed is because i lucked out and associated with the right people irl .
the team has been mostly quiet but it does n't mean they are n't making moves .
i think people are expecting a daily tweet about our plans but that 's not happening .
you might as well ask what is the meaning of life at all and why are we here ?
only use it if she 's with you you 're going to pick her up or you 're dropping her off .
using it when she 's not around could cause it to be taken from her and that 's just an asshole move .
i did take it as a joke but it also came across as a slightly salty counterjab .
of course there 's a tendency to interpret things that way when you 're heavily downvoted .
sorry is that 3.6 net carbs for the whole thing or each piece .
omg i know that one first concert i ever went to there was this couple in front of me that was just kept talking and talking so i just started dancing and singing and they soon just disappeared i never saw them again so i think they actually just left but it was a good half an hour before they shut up and disappeared i could hear them trying to yell over the crowd instead of talking in each others ears .
got my real estate agent working on it now .
mind your own fuckin business and if you want to make a fuckin sales pitch then let the people who are interested approach you do n't fuckin cut me off when i 'm on my way to the fucking parking lot and i 'm trying to mind my own fucking business and get my shit done .
kind of glad we played them when we did although i think we could still beat them but still
if anything happens to nestor command of any remaining ht forces goes to baelish .
1 lc is dispatched back to oldtown via the rose road .
if you are asking a question you should ask in our daily question thread https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/search ? q=author 3aautomoderator+daily+question+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
if you want to join in the hype check out the 24 hours left thread https old.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/a3io8e/less_than_24_hours_till_dec_7th .
if you want to check out reviews see our review megathread https old.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/a3o6qa/super_smash_bros_ultimate_review_megathread .
do you think this automod rule fired by mistake ?
feel free to report this comment to have a mod manually review this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nintendoswitch if you have any questions or concerns .
because people like her character her design her irl counterpart and/or gameplay
i 've linked the album at the bottom of this comment .
i tried my best to keep my stuff '' hidden as best as i could .
the first two images are of the area untouched '' and the next two are me having messed with the area scratching and irritating it .
the first and third are of my right inner thigh region right next to my testicles and 2 and 4 are my left inner thigh please let me know if you need anything else to help you out .
when we first moved into the house i grew up in we found a bunch of stuff the previous owner left behind in the attic .
one of the things we found was this sheet of embossed copper with all these really fucked up things on it like people hanging from trees and their ghosts leaving their body .
i was like 6 when i saw that and after i did i was always scared of the attic .
even if i went there during the day i would get a really uneasy feeling and would try to spend as little time as possible there .
had i stopped for even a quick pee break i would have missed that flight .
so you can imagine that i 'm pretty much extremely mellow in traffic these days .
maybe anton 's dad was a tu-95 pilot who had the go '' order to go and show the capitalists what for and could 've become the most glorious hero of the soviet union the world had ever seen by wiping that pesky uk off the map so the us did n't have an early warning post anymore .
except when they got over the north sea suddenly lightnings !
and they had to turn back because they were caught .
and anton 's dad did n't get the medal the adoration and all the tasty bread and kvass that came with it .
so little anton grew up with stories about how their life would 've been so much better if it was n't for those pesky brits .
anton would be told how a single tu-95 could wipe out any interceptors but he was always under orders not to make a scene and be found to be the one who started it so he always had to leave letting the weak capitalist scum think they were better than him .
and this festered until war thunder where it was his chance to get revenge in a less than subtle way .
there ate a lot of behavioral health hospitals out there .
i 'm also curious if they 're going to do a beta for consoles .
while this decision of her 's is unwise she 's not a stupid woman .
delphine looked over at hannah when the girl sat down and did n't really think much of the act .
after all the pair of girls were about to get higher than a kite so being in close proximity was probably the best idea here .
nobody likes a fire especially in such a nice looking room .
said delphine as she produced her wand from her bag and put the joint in her mouth .
the tip of her wand began to glow with a bright orange tip as she pressed it against the end of what would soon be known as 'hannah 's demise ' .
she inhaled deeply before exhaling and blowing on the end of the paper attempting to make sure that it would burn properly and not be wasteful .
if hannah had any qualms about the way the plant smelled she was in for a treat .
the spliff was soon burning like a champ and the room was quickly filling with the pungent smoke as delphine took a few more hearty pulls from the herb before passing it to hannah .
now it 's kind of like smoking a cigarette except you draw the smoke directly into your lungs not your mouth .
do n't be that person who does n't inhale nobody likes that guy . ''
explained delphine as she held out the smoking stick of death before coughing a little bit .
just curious why is free speech entirely a bad thing to you ?
honestly the fact that you can go on b or pol and see one post is pro-communism and right below it is a post about pinochet or something of the like even if it 's shitposting is still a diverse opinion pool .
i have done the same ... loved reading them again and reliving the moment in my head
uj i like witcher 3 but i probably would n't have it in my top 100 if i wrote them all out .
sure it 's a big detailed world but to me that 's not always a plus it was too big at times and its certainly not most important to me gameplay mechanics and feel are maybe my highest priority and often the witcher 3 combat felt sluggish and clunky .
it 's a beautiful piece but what i most appreciate is the irony between the pentagram and hobby lobby yarn .
it appeared that it had n't uploaded at all so i pressed post again .
i have up after 4 attempts that seemed unsuccessful .
this is the first time i 've been ashamed to be a part of this community .
so should he have added a week to the joke ?
all submission titles to r/debatereligion will be formatted as proposition statements to encourage debate .
the op will use the text of their submission to defend their proposition .
users who prefer to pose questions rather than to debate may be asked to repost to a more appropriate non-debating subreddit .
disrespecting joe 's ability to take it to the rack smh
i usually receive a lavendar scented letter from the bbc at least seven days in advance of them breaking any major news to the general public .
i also built the lego saturan v a few months ago .
per day i.e. if you were to track which days you sharted at least once over an infinite number of days you would have an equal number of days in which you sharted as ones where you did not .
strange ... maybe it has something to do with emerald ranch and all the creep ass secrets that place hides
i make some before hand then atore in fridge .
then add it in when it 's time to eat .
the timing is weird but i 'm trying to figure out ways of heating up the slow cooked food quickly w/o nuking the nutrient content in it lol .
maybe i 'll make a follow up post to it with a better explanation .
i followed this guy on instagram about a year ago solely because it 's satisfying to watch him draw
i was a beta tester for sot they had your username bouncing round on the screen .
and then realize that she already gave it for free to some little shithead right in your house when you were working hard to earn for her future .
would you tell me the same if i were a woman and had problems with my husband ?
something tells me you 'd take an absolutely different position .
i listened i helped i gave food clothes whatever there was needed i gave her things she dreamed about i defended her in front of her parents i healed her when she was sick i insisted on going to dentist i helped her to get a job .
i 'm not a psychiatrist i need a normal relationship with an adequate person .
nothing will be as bad as what democrats did to kavanaugh ...
i 'm not excusing anything though just pointing out the hypocracy
i remember seeing statistics on testosterone in the us by state .
wait that hammered looking texture is done with a dremel ?
any production gun under 1kg with optic mounted and empty mag inserted .
better than any part of zero chill so far tbh
try to do nothing for a whole day or few days .
very boring but you must go through this to restore your brain .
hell yeah brother cheers from that place where a dude got hyped up on bath salts got naked and ate a homeless man 's face off !
i 'm betting something along the lines of this dude is so endearingly hopeless— at least i know i can lock him down good
did n't realize at first why there was nothing in the first one lol
if you 're getting an unbearable amount of anxiety because of that then do n't get any more tattoos seriously they 're not for you .
after a few years the ink will spread out anyway it will spread together because it 's so small and delicate .
this is just a preview of things to come .
awesome can you pm your list again it shows as deleted for some reason so i forget what all i was eyeing .
warning if a user is trying to pm you to make a deal for your listing ignore it and report it to the moderators .
all activity for trading must be done on the listed thread !
new to the subreddit and trying to learn how to do a deal ?
read here on how a deal should go down https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/wiki/deals
you can read the rules for the subreddit here https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/comments/9c7ipv/mod_post_fashionrepsbst_rules_and_flair
if you have an issue please contact one of the following moderators or the mod mail
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fashionrepsbst if you have any questions or concerns .
i think there is another secret in braithwaite there is a girl outcast because of her mother 's domineering .
but in valentine people talk about cursing men disappear ...
when they hang a girl from a photo the sheriff tells us that she is and she should be hanged .
the girl at this moment asks her to help before it is too late .
she tells us tell them the truth you know everything ! ''
but i did not understand who it was and missed my chance ... .
o have n't try ex since i didnt draw from noctis but maybe i can try that strat 3
sure they qualified via the online leagues but in the 3 big events they 've played recently they have a group stage exit 1 qf and 1 sf .
i 'd call faze 's 1 win and 1 semifinal much more impressive .
if you want to include blast then you match faze 's and mouz 's recent number of events and faze is just straight up better .
i 'm getting that fuller for sure i think with ld maxed madden pass d for 90 zone he 'll be like the 3rd best cb .
you can bet it 's pelosi that made that stand .
schumer is standing with her because he got a lot of heat from the left .
he has on multiple occasions offered to fund the wall in exchange for things .
he did this most recently about a month ago .
game is only updated and maintained just for major bug fixes and server stuff .
legit only staffed with a skeleton crew just to keep the game on life support while everyone worthwhile is working on other projects .
i think for some of us its a last resort 😄 .
it is weird putting it on google calendar though 😄
well uk blog said 12th so prob today for na since the store updates on tuesday for ps4
i have a charge from your website on my credit card that i never authorized wife screaming in the background
hangouts is not being shutdown its just a rumor .
jeg skal have kæreste tror jeg og så blive buff .
same matey met so many people here and through the game and found what i absolutely love doing is league .
i even got into casting and more d. this game and its makers does n't always get enough credit !
not really bookkeeping is low level stuff for an accountant .
they 're more likely to be interpreting the data than inputting it .
valve or someone would throw some money at nouveau open source drivers .
the big difference with amd was them moving to an open source only kernel driver .
even with funding i 'd be surprised if valve or anyone really could make a big impact on nouveu given they have to reverse engineer everything .
i think the best solution is to avoid nvidia .
you have posted 13 reposts in the past 24 hours which is approaching the 15 limit r/giveaways has .
in order to promote fairness and to discourage hoarding once you hit the limit your reposts will be removed until the of reposts in past 24h drops below the limit .
we 've had infrastructure week 3x i think so far
so many haters she is doing the impossible job executing a vote result from the people yet also having to put up with abuse from the powermonger partys and the disillusioned public .
i expect a vote of no confidence would be almost 100 guaranteed
the real question is whether after that vote of no confidence succeeds her replacement will actually revoke a50 .
140€ for ad18 130€ for q.a 3020 30€ for cables tired of low cost cables without bananas and 10€ for connection between shield tv and the ad18 .
ad18 is really great for its purpose transform digital to analogic .
but if you want to work with analogic like turntable or cds i do n't think it is the best as what i read about it .
i needed a t-60 right leg and kept hopping at the firebase thing all the way in the se .
walked away with 2 full sets of t45 and t51 and every friggin t60 piece except the right leg ... go figure .
the upshot is the power armor would spawn 1/3 of the time .
so at least with power armor there 's no issue with hopping to get it to spawn .
i did n't enter any of the chasis tho just looted them and quit/rejoined .
did the same thing up at firebase alpha and general 's steakhouse .
the italian tree was n't complete some vehicles where in the files but not in the tree including the semovente da 20/70 quadruplo .
the br and position of the vehicles are a mess too no way the m13/39 is gon na be at anything over 1.0
it was exacly the same with the french tech tree last year at least 6 vehicles released in 1.75 were missing in the first devserver so you should always take the thing you see in the first devserver with a grain of salt .
that being said i think the tree is quite promising there is some interesting and unique vehicules like the rank 4 armored cars and i really like the fact that the lend-leased '' gets there own unique models unlike the french and japanese ones
definitely not it 's packet loss for all players on server .
half the time the icons do n't even show while everyone is rubber banding around .
it would help if you said where in europe you wanted to fly from but usually fares are pretty cheap .
be careful about holy week as that will be a spike in demand from europe .
lots of people talking about estonia and lithuania but i found some of the best beer in all eastern europe in latvia .
my favorite labietis had a lot of beers made with wild herbs and other foraged products that still managed to taste like beer .
anyhow the baltics are n't a huge part of the world so that might be worth doing .
if you 're feeling particularly ambitious get a russian visa and pop over to st. petersburg too .
also a booming craft scene that tends toward the strange .
i 've been trying to find a way to make volumetric clouds without spending money on truesky etc. but have n't found success so decided to give this staric picurestyle a try
i had the same bug honestly i just do n't use it now because even resetting did n't work
name one thing he did that helped the working class .
damn i really hope it is some sort of glitch .
it will be our 3rd time in wdw and we still have n't ridden it .
master the ability to talk and respond to an audience while playing smoothly at the same time
ugh i hate when they make you feel like you deserve the bs !
best friend i ever had we still never talk sometimes
eh they had cocaine tooth drops i think they still had access to date-rapey items .
although it does seem kind of stupid i can see where they are coming from .
if the item actually is marked down and it is not just a marketing trick you get a product that has the value and quality of 20 but you pay less .
after the purchase for 15 the value of the item is still 20 .
when the product now in reality is 10 you pay 5 less but the item is actually worth 10 less .
it is the same logic that makes me rather buy items worth 25 for free shipping .
if i buy stuff for 20 and pay 5 in shipping i pay the same amount but receive items worth 5 less .
although this is all based on buying shit you need or actually wanted in the first place which is often not the case when people buy stuff on sale .
if you are coming alone just walk easy to the front
i also appreciate what you do to get these men through such a hard time you sound like a pretty awesome person 👌 .
i am really just trying to inform myself from a source preferably a research or survey carried out by the government
they 're not really producing work of any worth either way .
the food and housing that were produced for them while they did work will still be produced if they do n't .
and if you think it necessary of them to work some kind of job to get access to those things .
then they should logically be able to get a job in the production of those things and ease the work load of the rest of the workers .
i work on live events and got a mac to use for video playback from a client .
i went to load a video and two videos popped up in itunes video .
one was two girls fighting over underwear naked and the other was girls wrestling topless in a ring .
now all the cpu are scrubbed before they are sent out .
but someone where they work is really into watching ladies fight naked .
yea the exponential scaling of card power per mana just feels ... weird .
just seems like the game is pretty much over after like 5 turns perhaps even earlier when things like green ramp happen and you get a turn 3 time of triumph .
it 's in those games where arrow and hero deploy rng really kick in hard whereas both of these are really not that big of a deal in draft where matches take soooo much longer .
i almost have the same configuration the only variation on mine is that i have a gtx970 never got this kind of problems .
maybe it 's some kind of amd configuration like the one hdidnthappen https www.reddit.com/user/hdidnthappen suggested .
do build a few luxury residences if you need em non city district also give housing .
but if the world is very small i tend to use these planets to make refined resources like gas .
once housing is negative your growth rate will drop on that planet and it will transfer itself to your other planets and empires all up to your emigration policy .
there are some special buildings for housing for different governments like hive minds have access to hive warren 6 housing 1 amenities job that upgrade into expanded warren 12 housing 2 amenities jobs
so lazer beam you will teach me cool my name zalgiris1977
seeing something but not having the knowledge to understand it so people apply what knowledge they do have .
you do n't get to be gay and a white supremacist .
french bulldogs and pugs often also have serious respiratory issues too i would get a big dog and save yourself some trouble .
well other than the singles we ca n't stop wrecking ball adore you i would recommend
also not in the album but still in the same era
it 's an alternative default courier valve decided donkey was better
hey i 'm from telford but would love to chat
no idea why someone would n't wear socks feet are gross no one wants to see your hairy toes and what is a boat shoe ? !
tv 2018 status finished episodes 12 genres music slice of life
stats 141 requests across 10 subreddits 0.176 of all requests
the franchise centers on starlight '' — the song and dance revue troupe loved throughout the world .
karen and hikari make a promise with each other when they 're young that one day they 'll stand on that stage together .
time passes and now the girls are 16 years old .
karen is very enthusiastic about the lessons she takes every day holding her promise close to her heart .
hikari has transferred schools and is now away from karen .
but the cogs of fate turn and the two are destined to meet again .
the girls and other stage girls '' will compete in a mysterious audition process to gain acceptance into the revue .
for square x y size sq x y size-1 sq x+1 y+1 size-1 sq x+1 y+1 size-2 grid x+size-1 y grid x y+size-1
ahh son do n't talk down on the queens aircraft like that !
i 'm sure they can do anything any other aircraft can do so long as they believe in themselves !
i 've only used it a few times but the damage rate is bad .
i would just like the arcade wins to include quickplay .
i do n't like the majority of the arcade games so i 'm missing out on 3 boxes a week .
and when i try to win in arcade i get the it 's only quickplay '' shit .
like people enjoy being spawn camped and dying constantly because we have no support .
i do n't think the whole odiyan thing is going to end well .
i have alonso but someone told me to change him for mendy
jup it also took hours to get shiny horsea xd so after my 198 combo i had way more than 200 candies
felt like when you are on a high streak you get a ton of candy with some catches .
iirc firmino played on the wings at his previous club .
he was never seen to be a player who could be such an effective false 9 .
we were linked to firmino but we preferred memphis over him as memphis looked more like the real deal as a winger than firmino did .
i hope you 're not still maintaining the sweatshirt and wool socks .
2:1 cloth-based stuff like that is really not worth it .
if you 're going for a long run running low on cloth may tempt you to do stupid things down the line whereas a few c extra during your operations in the present day is barely noticed .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
should of just blocked him from the start and moved on instead of feeding the troll .
ominous chanting whenever anyone else tries to do something important ?
so u are telling people to work even harder just for the sake of entertaining u .
think of the devs they have lives too do n't be such a selfish prick the game is never a life service .
the overbite does n't show in the photo that 's definitely the big part of the estimation and a few refinements are likely on the way as it 's quite a gap .
however with such shifty teeth you could still be done shorter good luck rest of the way
i 'm saying that 99 of cases that go to trial court have enough evidence to say whether they are guilty or innocent so the suspension of any verdict in the court of popular opinion is what is needed until there is an actual verdict one way or the other .
i would never believe someone to be innocent '' or guilty '' before they had a verdict .
i know everyone is innocent '' until proven guilty but people 's opinions are different .
it literaly takes 3minutes to bot 10accs tutorial island gl banning them all
before hitler killed himself i told him how wrong it was to do genocide and i changed his mind entirely .
wow the democrats must be amazing at cheating since they 've won florida every year in a row since their cheating helped win it in 2000 !
truly the correct take is that the county whose voters were disenfranchised in the recount because of a 2 minute missed deadline is corrupt and helping the democrats win florida !
i 'm pretty sure the t-80b is going to balance you first .
xd the 3d galaxy map is hard to see sometimes but right click and drag down to see it more 2d which can help .
i thought of that and it does make some sense .
a lot depends on just how much widmore knew which is something we really do n't know .
eloise clearly knew a great deal about future events but who knows how much of that if any she shared with charles .
for instance at the time abaddon was motivating locke did charles know locke would get to the island via oceanic 815 or did he just know he 'd get there at some point by some means ?
i 'm inclined to think charles did n't know much after all if he knew 815 was going to crash he might have wanted to be on that flight .
or at least pack the flight with a bunch of his people .
but then when 815 did crash he seemed awfully sure of where it ended up considering how quickly he ran out to stage a fake crash .
we 'll see who 's small potatoes when we come play you guys
survival is hella fun yea but 2 decent range specs ?
even in vanilla the main challenge for the t0.5 set was to rush stratholme in 45min .
it 's not really different in raid again in vanilla vael killed you if the fight exceeded 3 minutes .
or the various bosses where you could only do a determined amount of tries per week .
i completely agree with you i dislike the rush of the m .
but i do n't see any other easy way to keep it as challenging without the time limit .
and i do n't see any way to prevent the rush effect with the time limit .
you 're a really nasty piece of work you know that ?
it is illegal for a civil servant to be involved in government contracts that they potentially can benefit from .
the potential nature of the competition doesnt change how wrong it was .
i remember they ran this one bit where the corporate staff spoke to each other in kizarny .
i only wish we could have gotten kizarny vs jack sparrow paul burchill ...
got ta love the new asus boards as you dont have to put the separate io shield on anymore !
ok so the season is early and i guesse quin is using this opportunity to give dante a huge lesson to be ready immediately or do n't bother suiting up .. however i think dante is learning and improving as of late playing much better now i would like to see quin give dante 2 min if he stuffs up bench him for a quarter then send him out again and let him correct him self in game.. no more of this dnp nonsense it is n't helping our team win games..
i think we need dante 's unique attributes to make a push to a playoff seeding and the come playoff time it goes with out saying..
if you were n't looking forward to week 2 after that season-opening performance from a-rod i 'm gon na have to ask you to relinquish your gun and badge .
when you start your driving lessons you 'll realise how wrong you are .
the part of him that is immortal are his ideas and teachings but unfortunately his body was mortal .
your main website is arranged like a photographer 's portfolio .
if you want to sell clothing products design a website which encourages people to buy .
i like your pictures no harm in adding some supplementary text to help them sell .
feel free to pm me if you need any guidance with web redesign .
looks like a real moray eel https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moray_eel to me .
comments seem to suggest it has a face injury .
ah yes the everyone i do n't agree with is an edge lord '' douche .
but who can say what kind of persona she has in the bedroom ?
mam kolegę który jest mocno razemowy rozmyślał nawet o kandydowaniu ale żona mu wyperswadowała wkleja na fb czasem smutne bzdury które 1 sekunda guglania już demaskuje jako fejk nius '' .
ale to chyba bardziej ogólny problem w dzisiejszych czasach .
i guess in that specific scenario i would agree that they probably should n't .
i have adhd and have been diagnosed for a long time and was just confused at people being bothered when others say oh i 'm so adhd '' or i 'm so add '' etc ...
thanks for the time to hell clarify though and i really hope i did n't come off as combative or rude i do appreciate it !
you got ta do it in a party get tiny and quop and throw your team up on ward spots while continuously spam clicking the courier to stay in base with auto right click on in setting and the q button .
generally speaking americans are nationalistic morons to a default .
you say one criticism about their country and you get flooded with down votes ...
they all subscribe to this we 're number 1 brainwashing where if they looked at any statistics they will realize they hardly crack the top 10 any more across the board .
i have over 1,5k hours in this game but when i said my friend about this game and he started playing with me he left the game after 20 hrs or so and said he does n't want to spend x hours to learn some ak spray pattern to actually play the game .
i fell like the current ak meta has bad impact on newbies .
explain like i 'm 5 why the legs '' seem to have backward knees compared to regular legs found in nature ?
trump is not as important to them as having those seats in the sc .
they 'd sooner dump trump in a pool of piranhas than risk those seats for a president that only has one more year left and is likely to not succeede in his second run .
with that said those two would probably rule in his favor just out of spite for what the democrats put him through '' in his mind .
gorsuch is ... not a quantity i know well .
i had only read the first chapter and chapter 2 is making me laugh and the side characters are all really nice so far .
i thought it came from the shops not the distribution warehouse ?
better than starting up tomorrow find nothing works and you spend the next 2 hours reconfiguring .
similar strat here cause roughly 1.4m in casualties before sweeping into the now undefended french lebensraum tried in mp twice made sure to know the france in the games were a noob first one extremely successful annihilating the 40 divisions second attempt somewhat a failure just around a dozen destroyed .
it 's still a brutally disgusting strat especially for the soviets ...
stay in auckland and do n't waste time driving to hamilton or the hobbit theme park .
be flexible depending on the weather it changes twice day or more .
remember the time difference from home and plan that into your days .
kelly tartons aquarium if you do n't have fish at home .
the art gallery or maritime museum whatever is your interest .
or mt eden and get a coffee in the village .
ferry to rangitoto volcano or to waiheke island for beaches and wine .
piha or muriwai beaches for a wild rough dramatic view and walk .
do n't bother shopping we do that in australia .
jeg er slet ikke fan af la i regering meeeen du skal godt nok langt ind i sfs kerneland for at finde nogen der synes de bevarede deres ære '' gennem den periode .
born to a rich family and lived surrounded by rich people .
that matters a lot more than how much money you have .
dude last year i had like 70 points with a match less played so again stop smoking that weed you re not making your parents proud .
i was the best team defeated you in the pitch and of course destroyed you in the final at your filthy home .
you were in the third and second division dude you cant say shit .
played a survival match against panthrakikos and fucking lost at home amazingly hilarious sentence in general .
i ve been in europe every year over the last years so you cant say shit .
are you personally an idiot and retarded as an individual ?
now focus on how not to lose from larisa dickhead
we literally had boris johnson as foreign secretary repeatedly make geography errors and being culturally insensitive and generally embarrassing us in front of foreign diplomats and no-one blinked an eye..
and from what limited data i 've seen their turret damage is greatly reduced compared to normal weapons .
in x3 by contrast turrets did equal damage to frontal weapons .
plus there were flak guns to choose from that would wreck fighters with insane efficiency
this thread has been automatically removed to facilitate secure trading users are required to set their 3ds and/or their switch friend code in their flair before posting a topic in addition to including a tag https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/tags to categorize their post .
you may set your flair by clicking here https hq.porygon.co flairtext and adding the appropriate information .
once you have set your flair and read through our rules https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules please repost your topic being sure to include a proper tag https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/tags this time .
if things seem confusing we have a quick start https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/quickstart guide intended to give a step-by-step process for new users .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
as usual waiting for event and deciding then is best course of action .
especially since events often give hole punches as reward .
that being said maya is always good for and yura will be most likely used as spf mule if anything which do n't really benefit from extra slot .
hello we only allow people with an account age of 7 days and 50 comment karma to post links on our community .
this is to deter spammers and limit the amount of bots coming to our community to post non fortnite related content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
can you get me the damage number of the shotgun or a screen shot with either no damage perks or 30 shotgun and 100 explosive damage perks ?
i have no idea what you are taking able fellow human .
basically every economic theory ever is super conditional and super contextual .
i hope the next loz game is also open world .
me too i kinda also want a pre calamity ganon hyrule destroyed zelda game .
we can learn more about zelda the champion and get a true introduction to this botw blue link .
shhh ... .only one left in my market and i 'm at work .
i won my gambler 9 challenge at camp in chapter 2 playing block
took me 2.5hrs of straight domino playing i lost only 2 or 3 times .
block is the easiest and quickest version of the game
eu citizen is required to sing rule britannia every morning
how do you have so much time as a grandma ? !
me and my brother can be a full time job still in our 20s ...
for me it was a photo of a bird on a twig i took in uganda on a cheap £30 camera !
he led both teams in points rebounds and assists in the finals the year prior too .
i 've never seen something look so much like a smile on an animal .
just walked into the mona lisa room '' saw the massive crowd how small it was how far away the rope was and said nope '' and decided to just walk the rest of the louvre .
oh and it was behind tinted glass because idiots kept using camera flashes which damaged the paint .
even if you did n't you could n't get a good picture because everyone else was constantly flashing .
there was absolutely no way to appreciate the art itself you are better off looking it up on the internet .
i was actually gon na ask where do the locals go trying to blend into the local community haha
that license to catch fish with your hands is pretty expensive ...
do i get to put the aztec gold back if i want to ?
the time paid to the details is what makes the best stories .
i 'm a white folk and i 'm not racist .
i do n't have any black friends but that 's not my fault .
usually that is the goal to make anti-music '' .
most people i know who listen to noise are noise musicians '' themselves .
some play jazz on a pro level and use this different style and approach to unwind from set ideas and theory .
lots of art students artists in general who use it as audio collages .
some noise acts are side projects from extreme metal musicians looking experiment and to push the boundaries of music and sound without compromise .
most noise fanatics are heavily passionate about this irregardless of anyone 's opinion .
i do n't think adding firearms will be helpful for the build .
the main goal is to play to its strengths the support station .
i like to run 10k electronics for the maximum healing as possible for my team .
if you feel too squishy then have at least 9k electronics especially in pvp and the rest on stamina but i never recommend having firearms .
for mods i like having skill haste mods and support station range for the performance mods .
well i feel like it 'd be harder to sell the whole gun without the mag well so i 'd really rather part with the whole thing .
why ca n't a story just be told as it was meant to be told ?
changing the location characters appearances and designs means its not even metro anymore .
i 'm american and have no problem with stories being set in other places .
other places and cultures are a breath of fresh air as apposed to movie 124728 where generic guy 1847274 and his quirky side kick/lover go to another generic new york city rip off to do whatever .
that 's seriously been the plot of every recent movie here in the states .
i do n't believe americans wo n't watch something just because it is n't americanized thats clearly an upper level corporate decision thats worried about the sales .
if that were true then disney with its many cultural diverse movies would n't sell along with harry potter and the increasingly diverse superhero movies ex black panther .
i 've read the books and played the games and think this would make an excellent movie if told the way it was mean to be and it would sell .
just a shame some people would rather put profits above originality take a chance on things to be different it might just take off .
bottom line though i 'm glad it was canceled if what was described in the article was its fate .
this is one of those stories where things really ca n't be changed too much or it looses it 's punch .
i hope it makes it to the films and keeps its originality and does n't change it 's ending .
we all know happens so just let it play out and not cater to ‘oh thats too sad ' .
not everything needs a happy ending the most satisfying ends sometimes do in fact end is some sad ways .
need to buy that gold scar on roblox fortnite season 7 beta not clickbait ?
just go to i scammed you 're mother than defultdanced on her.com
lol all i know about suzy is she 's nice and likes to drink .
see that 's not the kind of attitude that keeps a family together .
it is what it is '' is not the path to change .
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
then you know how bad the catholics can be .
make sure you take responsibility for the worst of your tribe .
have n't tried this https www.google.com/amp/s/forum.xda-developers.com/mi-8/how-to/notifications-mi8-pocophone-f1-t3847755/amp yet but you might want to give it a shot
baldness is not a turnoff for so so many women .
taillon williams archer stripling musgrove starting rotation with keller waiting in the wings ?
i 'm not a parent but it still seems to me that if i was naming a child i would be double-checking that shit every damn second for nine months .
for example i have a student whose name is genuinely misspelled .
she is named specifically after leia from star wars but her name is spelled 'leah . '
i wo n't edit bc i messed up and i 'll acknowledge it .
plus people know what i meant you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to know that it was a typo lol
i knew what was coming i thought the laugh was weird as fuck but that shit had me laughing so much .
1-4 actors accessing the data at any given time .
making the unstructured data structured a slow process is what has motivated the idea of local storage .
since the source can not be manipulated transfer and conversion seemed like it could be a large bottleneck .
the source is from databases normalized and not api requests text files all over .
with the volume of data and different sources there is n't much of a pattern to go off of in that sense .
i love the people that say that geography is useless .
like y'all use google maps everyday cuz you do n't even know which direction your house is .
awesome was pretty frustrating did n't leave much to do in free roam once finishing the story missions .
i figured but i was hoping someone would know what it was so i could see if i missed it or ca n't get it til later .
as mentioned above probably the biggest issue is the problems of grappling/pushing .
the former has a good solution listed though i 'd probably recommend just continuing to employ an opposed strength roll or at least opposing the highest of athletics and strength for pushes .
stuff like hardy has been repriced 2 points instead of 3 ensnare should use the entangle/bound conditions instead of the way it 's currently written climb is useless for flight the speeds for flight/speed/swinging all need to be adjusted and area effect attacks no longer ignore armor and there should likely be a modifier to determine if an aoe attack can be evaded or not .
since attributes are now passive vs skills being active a number of powers will probably be switched from using smarts/spirit to activate to some other powers '' skill like psionics or gifted or something whatever makes the most sense for most characters .
chances are you 'd want to include a couple of new setting rules more skill points and the wound cap comes to mind and the wealth rules .
the way encumbrance is tracked now is a little bit weird with the super strength table but that 's a fairly easy fix d12+1 should use be encumbered at 125 lbs effectively a new load limit and the max capacity for all strength levels should continue to be 4 times their encumbered level so d4 's max capacity is 80 lbs d6 is 160 lbs d8 is 240 lbs etc .
the good news is that it 's pretty easy to change a lot of that stuff to be compatible '' once again .
from a few interviews we know at some point down the line when the swade edition of the super powers companion releases there 's going to be at least a change to the illusion power likely a buff and at that point we 'll probably see the new costs for various powers like the hardy modifier growth which is currently way overvalued and potentially a cleaner way to handle the distinctions between force control matter control and telekinesis .
but that 's a good ways out so i 'd not worry about it too much until then .
there is no such epoch age as the anthropocene despite its popular usage the current epoch age is the meghalayan and anthropocene only ever reached 'proposed name ' status .
i 'm immortal what 's the worst they can do .
also i would own a skeletor costume for pj 's
i thought he was a weak villain more of a comic relief than a genuine threat to iron man .
i think the point that its built from the ground up for roomscale vr is really the most important one .
it automatically means mechanics are very different like wood cutting being done with actually hitting a tree multiple times in the same spot with an axe until it breaks at exactly that spot falls down and then chopping logs into smaller logs that fit into the bucket to add wood to the inventory .
have you watched this video i did a while ago yet ?
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=whzgxebcidg i think it shows pretty nicely what it means that the game is built from the ground up for vr .
but another major thing is that the block size in the world is 0.5m³ so the world has 8x the block density '' compared to that other game .
it means you can build things with a higher resolution '' .
also world height is 800 blocks so the world is in general a way bigger scale which looks awesome in vr .
regarding modding yes i totally want as much modding as possible in the game .
it 's a good point i should definitely add that to the roadmap since i have talked a lot about that with people in the discord already .
modding will have to happen through some modding api that i add .
at the moment i think that will most likely use angelscript https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angelscript
but we need to tax the poor the workers and the middle class for destroying the world
this is literally the only way to curb consumption .
i realized that my life could be a lot better if i was honest about who i was
i 'd probably avoid it just because of the magazine to be honest .
all of my kids have double barreled first names .
i 'm a big proponent of doubling up first names rather than middle names .
i do n't like the idea of one of my kids ' names getting dropped off paperwork which is what tends to happen with two middle names since there 's often just a single space for middle initial .
so doubling the first name means all three names assuming you give a middle name will always be there .
and i happen to love marie as a first name .
because of its filler '' status as a middle name here in the us it 's not very often used as a first name it was only 651 last year vs 126 for mary or 111 for maria .
but because it 's well marie it 's immediately recognizable .
that 's what i personally go for in names ones that everyone knows but next to no one in the kid 's peer group will actually have .
needed equal or better to what i had before .
not to mention fulmer the highest point qualifier did n't advance very different from eu
cross post it and see what kind of advice you get .
my tracking info says it 's on the way finally but i pretty much wasted 17 paying for the fast shipping
i mean that is a good name for the breed ...
i 'm no expert either but i 've never seen fins that big !
most dealers wo n't discount when doing a special .
they 'll desperately try to sell you into something they have comparable on the lot .
you 'll have to find a dealer that is willing to do a special .
most times with a special you need cash up front .
reason is they do n't want a truck on their lot and on their floor plan that is not sellable .
if you have a substantial amount of cash you can get them to special order .
my friend got this one during para bellum and i 've been jealous ever since as a shotty pulse main
hate to break it to you but jews have an extremely unbelievable amount of influence in a ton of things worldwide .
media corporations hollywood music industry politics wars international banking systems etc .
it 's not even a conspiracy it 's literally out in the open information that anybody can look up .
not how you do ouija but lets go for it
i am just surprised that it could be romantic when it was so overrun with domestics ...
after a week and a half-ish i was back in doing mostly light work and machines .
took about 3 weeks til i started deadlifts and squats lightly again .
i had quite the hematoma so i took my time .
fucking best decision ever though them stress free nuts are life changing .
my zippo just has the patina of a decade of being dropped kicked and generally abused by accident
check reviews and have them show ya the ropes .
main arguments i 've seen against point-buy and this is a debate that 's been going since dnd 3.0 back in the early 2000s and probably earlier is that when all the players have a certain level of system understanding it leads to very cookie-cutter ability score arrays that can lead to character builds feeling very same-y .
rolling for stats on the other hand adds a level of unpredictability and can make for some more varied characters particularly if the player leans into a low ability score for role play purposes like really playing up a sub-par intelligence score .
for new players like you and your daughter though i would really recommend you stick to point buy for now no sense letting your intro to the hobby be ruined because lady luck decided to kick you in the tenders a few times during character creation .
boy did you pick the wrong trade to be in these days
we want to create a game that can evolve .
we 've created an all-new games rules engine gre that uses sophisticated machine learning that can read any card we can dream up for magic .
that means the shackles are off for our industry-leading designers to build and create cards and in-depth gameplay around new mechanics and unexpected but widly fun concepts all of which can be adapted for mtg arena thanks to the new gre under the hood .
only communication about new releases new content is n't solely the responsibility of the marketing department .
it overlaps with the liveops content team as well as the community team .
and even if they wanted it handled by the marketing team they still need to put something out even if they do n't currently have a marketing team .
radio silence around a new release or just retweeting a 3rd party article that leaves a ton of questions unanswered is just pathetically amateur behaviour on the studios part .
i ran into the situation where i had removed all 4 of my opponent 's teferi 's on arena and at the end of the match he was just looping 4 nexus of fate over and over again .
i put a movie on and clicked resolve '' for about 30 minutes until he got sick of it and started spamming oops ! ''
normally i would concede but i was 6-2 in best of 7 and really wanted to win the full 7 .
this loop is super dumb on arena because technically if they want they can infinite with this because there is no time limit .
and is n't there a achievement thing for doing silent assassin in the suit on its own ?
i tried washing the skeins and hanging them over the bathtub with a small can of soup cradled in the bottom .
it did n't remove the kinks any better than steaming .
washing the hanks is a pita in my opinion .
it 's way faster and less mess and less hunching over the bathtub and less water used and faster and less squeezing and did i mention faster ?
i have family across 3 southern states and definitely heard the phrase a ton in my life and i 've heard it used way more often used as a sign of pity sympathy caring etc. rather than an insult of some sort .
someone regularly using it as an insult would seem extremely snarky .
i enjoyed the start and then he started talking and i wanted to kill myself .
the irony is the core gunplay being fantastic is exactly why i 've stuck with the game and not been too bothered by the qol issues and bugs .
i do n't mind those minor annoyances when the core of the game is amazing .
i feel i 'd rather sit back and wait a few months to see what happens .
one day i essentially realized it was n't worth it anymore .
all we can do is the best we can and life will work out .
and brandon gaudin keeps missing their 8 am workout .
i tell ya some days you get a little lagniappe a little extra on top .
i just started hiking and i 'm so glad to see that deep encourages going outdoors even though the bear uprising has obviously begun .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a5fi0w/whats_your_most_recent_wild_dream_you_can .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the more you have on screen the more mana goes into the stock .
interesting i 've thought about adding building conversions via modding before glad there will now be code that can be copied .
i 'm still more curious about what the second building from electricity is though .
i 'm not trying to be rude but that 's why people mock incels or more specifically the thought process .
in what world would an average woman think that way ?
yay his genes have no chance of being in the gene pool thank god that humanity is n't tainted by this disgusting fellow ! ''
now they were probably talking about you not laughing behind your back and making bets that you 're a virgin or whatever but because you were creeping them out and digging in too deep into sensitive topics .
i 'm assuming you had no clue the topics were sensitive and they felt uncomfortable .
i do n't know if it 's true or not but that 's my educated guess based on how you 've written everything .
i 'm guessing she wanted to encourage you in some way perhaps .
the real problem is you got kicked out of the gym .
it 's not because of something you ca n't control it 's not because of genes .
i can tell that you 're not even slightly self-aware you probably have trouble controlling emotions and you have only a slight grasp on how human interactions work .
people who are n't self aware do n't always understand how they affect other people and by extension why the people react that way .
the problem in your thinking here is you 're stuck on the high-five when you should instead be focusing on why you got kicked out of the gym .
you admitted you were a virgin because you got enamored '' with the pretty twit gym trainer who probably said she 's pretty in passing .
you latched on and probably spilled a lot more than just your virginity because as soon as you got around something you were attracted to you lost self-control .
why would you do this with somebody you barely know at best ?
if some random average/unattractive i do n't know if you 're unattractive or not tbh so let 's even toss in attractive girl was looking for help at the place you work and your only objective was to help her if she decided to focus in on your looks and inappropriately ask for sex how would you react ?
try to swap places with the people in the gym without seeing yourself in the incel mindset .
they do n't see you as a genetically inferior manlet they see you as a weirdo guy who asks probing questions .
anyway there 's a lot to say and maybe you 've heard it all already .
i 've made a lot of assumptions and i do n't know if this is welcome to you so if it 's not i apologize in advance .
making sense of a fucking high-five is the absolute least of your worries i 'm sure .
it 's a funny thing to look back on i think .
i like the quick look up like he 'd be on the ceiling
anyone could 've joined you but where in the known news did they say their decision would be cash grab ?
their announcement of multi-parts is actually good for the fans since they wanted story that 's not rushed from the og .
not gon na lie i thought it was clarified butter 😂
do you even attribute to anything on this sub ?
i mean he may appreciate it but this is n't r/boytoys and he is n't posting this looking for a girlfriend .
i do n't like seeing this type of thing from either sex .
it looks like you 're asking how to obtain piranha plant .
instructions for doing so can be found here https smashbros.nintendo.com/buy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smashbros if you have any questions or concerns .
would you do nars golshan nars mysterious red tocca stella and laura geller blush for 25 shipped ?
the fact that you are thinking of including the little girl in your proposal is amazing ! !
so mommy '' gets a ring and beth gets a ring .
for a little girl anything that sparkles or is exactly like mommy 's stuff would be perfect !
then when beth grows up and gets too big for the ring she can get a chain and turn it into the necklace .
i had a friend of a friend do this when he proposed to his now-wife and her daughter not his bio daughter and it went over perfectly ! !
they already fix that shit problem during the release of fm19 but they shitted it back because people complain about lots of goals .
i do n't understand the reference to optional types '' .
to me the elvis operator is just shorthand for a ternary operator that 's already a part of the language .
there are a lot of people who still ca n't get a win with the sword anyway lmao
now i can have my wife look like an actual wife thank god 😔😔😔✊✊✊
it shows a feeling that this super powered creature just lurks in the darkness as an overseer of the universe .
what kills me is that the mp5 takes up 3 blocks but the mp5 upper takes up 4 .
minori ep.13 at the bonfire s sometimes i get the feeling i might be a lesbian . ''
yeah he 's worth it now and what makes those statements funny is that 10 million is probably going to look like peanuts for him in 3 years and likely only look better with time .
some people do n't understand how beneficial it is to a team to have a guy that young and that good locked in at a set price for that long .
ass is unreal but i ca n't stop staring the back and shoulder muscles so hot
your post has been removed due to spam around this topic .
if your post was not about a new melee weapon coming to br please modmail us with a link to your post to have it reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
they want money and charecters like that wont make them enough money to cover the rights .
that is a very clean set but mania 24 's will always have a special place with me .
i assumed it 's because it was originally posted on r/funny which has a reputation on reddit of generally not having the best content hit the front page .
i think this was on sale at woot.com for 99 but i 'm pretty sure they sold out whatever stock they had .
i 'm not experiencing any bugs in rdo but there 's just nothing to do in that game right now .
it affects anyone with or trying to get a diagnosis some people who need it are having a harder time getting it because of the misuse of a prescription drug also this behaviour helps to keep the wrong image of adhd going .
i 'm all for recreational drug use but going to get yourself diagnosed with something just to abuse the system i do n't like the that not one bit .
just makes it harder for someone who needs it to get it even more hoops to jump through more suspicion that a person wanting diagnosis is just trying to work the system go get your shit from a decent source other than the pharmacy .
you say ppl with our condition remember this is different for everyone your mileage may vary .
i know of people who struggle to maintain basic living standards because of this affliction do n't invalidate them .
count your blessings you are not a gay child of mormons .
once you set your pen styles and colors then you can get started on the template .
are you adding to a template or starting completely fresh ?
most styles and settings vary based on the type of drafting you do and the company 'style ' .
a lot of it is personal preference on what you think looks good to be honest .
he beat the 3rd worst schedule in nfl history and 5 backup quarterbacks in those 10 wins .
he lost to decent teams like the chiefs too .
he 's not proven at all and i 've said it from the start .
how does the social culture built around romance and love '' not recognize power ?
the point the women in the video were making was that in a relationship power dynamics are mostly irrelevant .
i wo n't insult your intelligence by suggesting that you really believe what you just said .
you 're just a sad and lonely stalker desperate for an excuse to hurt someone anyone .
of course you could n't find an excuse to hurt me so you 're just making threats .
you have to live in denial because you totally have a black friend and listen to this one black conservative author but that is your white supremacist identity
yeah that sure sounds like a white supremacist identity '' to non paranoid delusional stalkers .
hell do n't all white supremacists have black friends and idolize thomas sowell ?
yeah that 's not at all paranoid or insane sounding .
you can start with basic economics and then work your way up to a conflict of visions which might help you figure out why you 're stalking people on a tuesday night desperately trying to find something to make you angry .
then you could do worse than watching larry elder interviewed by dave rubin another white supremacist '' who is married to a man and used to be on the young turks .
of course you wo n't read thomas sowell or listen to larry elder .
you 're not interested in arguments that do n't fit on bumper stickers you can put up in your dorm room .
you 're not interested in arguments that do n't fit into a droning chant that sounds suspiciously monastic after just a few minutes of swaying repetition with your little one percenter comrades .
you 're not a mindless avatar of poorly translated dime store french philosophers desperately clinging to a parasitic meme on a religious substructure you 're an intellectual !
you know what 's really lurking in people 's hearts !
you read my comments and now you know what 's in my soul !
here you are on a tuesday night stalking a random strangers comments desperately looking for some hint of racism .
what on earth can you possibly gain from stalking someone desperately searching for words that make you angry ?
you go out of your way to search for something to make you angry ?
what kind of person does this on a tuesday night ?
a well balanced and adjusted adult or you know a bitter and lonely child desperate for an excuse to hurt someone ?
the woke world is a world of snitches informants rats .
go to any space concerned with social justice and what will you find ?
everything you say is to be scoured picked over analyzed for any possible offense .
everyone 's a detective in the division of problematics and they walk the beat 24/7 .
you search and search for someone bad doing bad things finding ways to indict writers and artists and ordinary people for something anything .
that 's what liberalism is now — the search for baddies doing bad things like little offense archaeologists digging deeper and deeper to find out who 's good and who 's bad .
i wonder why people run away from establishment progressivism in droves .
as radicals we lived in what i call a paradigm of suspicion one of the malignant ideas that emerge as a result of intellectual in-breeding .
we inherited familial neuroses and saw insidious oppression and exploitation in all social relationships stifling our ability to relate to others or ourselves without cynicism .
activists anxiously pore over interactions looking for ways in which the mundane conceals domination .
to see every interaction as containing hidden violence is to become a permanent victim because if all you are is a nail everything looks like a hammer .
escape from the paradigm of suspicion is hindered by kafkatrapping the idea that opposition to the radical viewpoint proves the radical viewpoint .
minorities who question it have internalized their oppression and privileged individuals who question it prove their guilt .
the only thing radicals are not suspicious of is the need for relentless suspicion .
as haidt and greg lukianoff write of similar norms on campuses if someone wanted to create an environment of perpetual anger and intergroup conflict this would be an effective way to do it.
now go find a therapist and leave me the fuck alone .
the bosses truck comment is by far the most accurate .
lol always the smartest person in the room '' .
the davidson academy has 12 year olds smarter than you .
prior to the patch a natural '' infested and a mob that was infested by a spawn of g'huun will heal each other but 2x natural '' infested mobs will not heal each other for example .
perhaps what you saw was that one of the mobs became infested via a spawn and it was pulled with a mob that started as infested ?
i have n't done any keys yet since the patch so i ca n't really comment definitively either way .
it was testing the machine i think not the act of carbonite freezing
i 'll second the most people are oblivious '' thing .
once at the pediatricians office for my boys had to retuck in my under shirt right before we left while we were in one of the rooms .
completely forgot to pull my button up shirt back out of my pants .
so now i 'm walking around with my p220 half out of my jeans .
walk back out through the waiting room smiling at folks like i do stand at the women-folk-short front desk talking to the lady to set up another appointment for a few minutes then leave .
no one said a thing no wide eyes no sirens in the distance and the only one who crapped their pants was my toddler but there 's no telling what caused that !
i got a system just second nature now not paranoid or anything overly adrenaline inducing when i 'm out and see someone new around i look at hands waist eyes then i smile .
most people do n't make it past their own phone or do n't look at anyone because they 're all like scared dogs afraid a look is a challenge and all that .
it does n't matter what i say history speaks for itself .
the socialists have always been bloodthirsty corrupt greedy hypocritical totalitarian pieces of human garbage ex kim jong un fidel castro vladimir lenin joseph stalin leon trotsky mao tse tung etc .
you 're welcome to move to a country that does n't do that .
that 's actually tough because modernity has fallen to leftism but the good ol ' u.s. is still standing strong with liberty as a core value standing in opposition to the socialism trend .
i 'd be willing to put down this months salary that it would n't even come close to the nations subjugated by just socialist russia .
yeah you kind of have to buy this for 10 bucks
i always answer these types of things on here by saying rust never sleeps is the best neil young album .
it came from a tour true but it feels like a studio album in some sense .
all the songs were basically new or at least not heard much or released officially before then rather than a collection of hits from past albums .
it starts off nice and slow with the classic my my hey hey out of the blue and follows with acoustic goodness of thrasher no chorus just a great ballad type song the ridiculous ride my llama and pocahontas and wraps up with sail away just a beautiful song really .
then you flip that side and get the epic powderfinger a song that transitions the acoustic half into the new electric grungier half .
welfare mothers is just whatever but good musically sedan delivery is much better and then it finishes how it started a little bit like a good jazz album coming full circle .
the much harder and electric version of hey hey my my into the black just makes you want to listen to track 1 again cause you know you 'll get to hear thrasher after that ...
yeah i 've listened to this album a lot .
live rust is awesome as a greatest hits type of album though .
i 'm not sure we just beat spear of the church
you ca n't come in with that speed for a sliding tackle if mertens did n't lift his foot a little bit his ankle was broken.. your foot has to be on the ground when you tackel everybody learns that
oke he had the ball but if you think this is a normal challenge mate i do n't want to life in your football universe of broken legs and ankles
just popped about 2kish or so to rush the devil fiesta on 7th day and got abaddon ... .should i get trigger by that or not ?
team consists of atm chang'e a hestia a dana a nirrti c and olga c .
sitting at 26k crystals right now and just itching to summon due to getting abaddon
considering these are experimental builds and well known that the guidance is not to carry save games over to new updates i would n't expect to have any concept of reimbursement between them .
highly doubt they will ever spend time on something like that until non-exp release .
do n't forget that you 're effectively signing up as a tester when you play these experimental builds .
do you mind if i light that up ? ''
chances are he wo n't be into it although i should n't tell you how he would feel about it considering you know him and i do n't .
i think you are doing the right thing in asking him before straight up cheating on him .
i think talking to him in person is the best option .
maybe a bite of meat the rest is tendon veins cartilage and bone .
by all means though keep eating the nasty part keeps the good parts cheaper for those who actually like chicken meat in their chicken .
nah you 'll probably wind up waiting until the 2pm pst batch lmao
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
mrw i be seein ' someone not stayin ' away from da voodoo
maybe it 's not something he 's ever seriously thought about .
i feel like if everyone had mics in them all the time they 'd say something dumb .
but i do n't think it makes him stupid or dumb
edit i just think we got ta remember we are closely examining something he was just casually talking about with friends
good news nine inch nails is getting a new official member .
it 's someone i 've known since the 90s and has been a huge influence to crafting the nine inch nails sound over the years .
what power armor does the overdrive serveros mod go to ?
a chinese national on canadian soil who agreed to american trade terms .
could it be possible that someone who has nothing to do with rap be featured on a rapper 's ep ?
is it possible that ed sheeran is singing on the same track as a rapper who has something to do with rap ?
could it be possible that i 'm forced on my high horse by morons like you because i refuse to conform and become dumber ?
is it possible that even if i am a douchebag what i 'm saying is correct ?
would you like to be forced on a high horse for simply expressing simple thoughts while the morons around you call you a douchebag ?
i 'm free to act like everyone else is the idiot when they are .
please do n't gaslight me into stooping down to your stupidity for the sake of the acceptance of rap fans .
hopefully desantis loves the environment more than scott did in fl .
this state is historic-level ecology worth saving and it hurts to just imagine the earth overall right now .
this is the only one i could find that actually has enough height to protect the front of the screen .
feel free to look on your own but trust me i tried .
mophie is sitting at 3 stars right now so i stayed away from that .
mine still works after a month but i ca n't vouch beyond that .
you 're doing what you can to survive if that 's sitting in a bathroom with your gun at the door so be it .
i 've done it certainly not for 30mins when i see it as the most likely way of surviving an encounter .
he outscored ab and vance combined and knocked me out of the playoffs
all of his videos lack content and have click bait titles go figure .
not true unless its street heroin that is cut with fentanyl or of greatly varying potency .
yeah i saw that too but all their social media links go to shopify and that seems to be legit .
probably not worth the 8 compared to it at walmart right now
totally agree backup is when one can sit to contemplate all his work .
i do n't plan to use more than 48tb usable perhaps 64tbs in my nas but that 's not something convincing but .
if thinking of lto tapes then the total storage may increase and those 48tb be the base to start backing up .
i wish to have my freenas sorted soon the refurbrished mobo is giving me troubles will have to spend a day or 2 tweaking options and test adding each component 1 by 1 .
2 years is n't a too long period to see some better deals .
i have n't experience with those but totally the guide is helping me figure how it can be done
i 'm a teacher and the mr. is an engineer .
i reckon we 'd do quite nicely with that .
he 'd love my students and i 'd enjoy getting to wear a hard hat and look at the technical side of things .
and maybe i 'd be useful at persuading some of the people he works with why they 're supposed to follow certain policies just as he 'd be quite a help in convincing some of my students why certain classes actually are important for later life .
he had plenty of great games alongside the handful of poor and they 've dropped a significant number of games as a result of lacking his scoring punch off the bench .
i feel that because bf v 's attition system is such a core element of gameplay returning to bf 4 's medcrates would be a shame 'cause we 'll ans up by having people grouped up together camping with medcrates healing ungodly amouts of health .
but since they are useless rn i think that they should still give it a shoot or at least change it
her hilarious cat-loving dorkiness outside of music-related matters aside i really love her development as a leader throughout the entire game 's story so far you can really feel that she 's defrosted since the beginning of roselia 's first band story and loosened up somewhat without losing her strictness or high standards when it comes to music .
that and she has surprisingly good chemistry with most of the cast which really makes for some cute interactions in the game yukikasu is just the beginning of it .
kno alot of rappers these days freestyle their whole songs its pretty dope man i like it .
feel like it could use something on the voice or a delay or something and itd go harder .
i 'll for sure try these tips after exam time .
kind of gave up on the game a year ago so hopefully it works out .
go beat off to some anime you suicidal weibo weirdo
tnf mixed with him struggling at arrowhead over the years are scaring me away
where i work it 'll lock down my till until you remove the card because it was inserted too early .
still i 'd say this dude is probably full of it .
i think younger generations may be more likely to know him since there was a revival of gypsy jazz in the 2000 's .
that 's a mostly wrong analysis of the situation .
halo is mostly divisive over the gameplay not the tone of the game .
the anti-vaccination movement is really stupid and dangerous yet does n't get talked about nearly as much as it should .
edit for everyone saying there are a thousand post a day on reddit i was talking about outside of reddit .
i get that reddit understands this but it is n't talked about at all by other journalists in the real world .
seriously that 's just another layer over why it 's such a big deal .
not only is he opening the show he 's starting a mini fued with the champ and one of the biggest stars in the past decade .
this is a big fucking deal for a 205 guy and the brand itself tbh .
make your employees happy make your smaller show matter more and make the fans happy all in one go .
good to see you on reddit again legend man !
i posted our pic from slc airport and reaped that sweet karma .
you could look around as you 're doing gens or whatever .
your eyes can help you see a lot of things
if you get into any kind of trouble sickness and are forced to miss a payment .
i 'm glad you can still see that beauty and enjoy it .
and unfortionately a recovering addict ... ingot hooked on meth bad ... said i 'd never touch the stuff ... if its around enough your friends start it 's hard to eventully not think there 's no way as big of a deal as people say ...
but just like heroin and other opiates it 's extremely addictive and life destroying..
i became a person i did n't recognize physically mentally or emotionally..
i went from a caring kind person to a fucking monster who cared only about my next fix.. fuck my friends my family ... ugh..
it took me finally hitting rock bottom and gettong off that shit before i could relearn how to and actually enjoy silence nature the beauty around me ... and i live in an area full of natural beauty ...
it 's just.. drugs of that caliber.. and once you 're so far in.. change you and how you look t everything ...
both because i enjoy it and for medical reasons .
i have a script for xanax so obviously i take that.. tho i am addicted to them as well ... hard not to be when youve been prescribed them for 5 years and were already taking them for fun to start with ...
i still love good lsd shrooms mdma tho as lo g as i 'm on anti depressants i wo n't waste my money ... my prescription counteracts its effects and it does nothing.. but waste money and dissappoint me i will take other pills as long as they arwnt too hard.. and i dont typically seek them out..
but somas muscle relaxer are great other barbs like kolonopin ...
i really like having a kpin or 2 to take along with my script xanax ... together they 're more awesome xp ... .
i 've taken morphine and another hard opiate ... they just make me sick and pass out ...
but during my time on meth i saw a friend get hooked on shooting opiates ... and how sick he would get and how quickly he would need the next fix to avoid withdraws so bad they could kill ...
at that point in my own addiction even tho i said i never would do it after breaking my initial promise of never even trying it at all ...
and seeing his withdraws from opiates in comparison to my withdrawals from the crystal ...
i knew i did n't want that.. and it worked to keep me from trying ...
some can help find enlightenment and peace of mind and change your outlook on life in general to a more positive one .
but remember drugs can also be the monster hiding in the closet or under your bed .
some of these substances are absolutely a gift and can be life discovering changing or saving .
and when it comes to hard drugs ... stick to your promises you made yourself .
it suddenly was around a lot being used in front of me..
i always turned it down and they 'd load me some weed lol ... so there was the it ca n't be a big deal '' thought
i had just gone through some very upsetting things in my personal life ... so saying fuck it was easy by then ...
also the clinical anxiety depression and my mental health/illness was always there ... but i could handle it.. it was n't that bad .
after the meth use.. if fucks your head ... it can exacerbate and intensify those things ... and cause them in those who did n't have any problems before ... hence the meds and such now ...
now that i 've written an entire book it seems ...
i want to say thank you for your post .
a lot of people need reminding thst things so get better ...
in fact i 've had 2 relapses in 4.5 years ... both times after my life seemed like it was going to shit again .
and honestly ... my mom d had started to wonder tgere again recently due to aome more bs ...
i dunno why i felt it should be shared under this specific post ... but i did ...
also ... if you ever want to talk about drugs experiences lifes bullshit ... sometimes strangers can be easier to talk to.. and also i just enjoy talking with people bout these things and whatever else ... you never know what you may have i common with someone lol
yeah for all us ugly people i 'd love to hear someone say that to me
i mean there have been cases where they had to change reviews they had as rotten to fresh .
i used to feel like this all the time — not just when going out .
i would look for external validation from men in every situation where there was validation to be found .
i just wanted to comment to tell you that you 're not at all alone in feeling like that and you should n't degrade yourself for it .
i know it 's easier said then done but go easy on yourself and remember that you 're worthwhile with or without validation from men !
i broke this habit with help from a good therapist .
if you 're not already i hope you think about finding one .
she 's very cute but i 'm sorry that she has to wear that collar bell i 'm pretty sure she does n't enjoy that very much .
i probably should have replied to the other guy directly .
you see the issue with this statement is they do it in pve all the time too which makes no sense they just salty pots
okay the trick here is to use the mesh déformer build a cage around the object in this case a human that 's a pretty good approximation of the target and apply soft body dynamics to the déformer instead !
if the winds were constant sure but with the winds gusting between 20-50 mph 30-80 kph it 's not possible to do any better than she did .
astruc is always telling fans to ignore spoilers leaks even stuff sneak peeks from zag .
no way he would be telling the truth here .
i have a really confusing phone number with a lot of sixes and sevens i regularly get messages that i have to pay off my debt ... mate i never even heard of your company that im a presumed costumer of .
plus i never loaned money ever so i dont really care at this point .
seriously this fucking match is going on during commercial ?
we missed ali 's spanish fly and bryan 's yes lock ?
this is not a game of who the fuck are you .
you know that makes things worse cause he would have pounded his balls full force every time ... .lol
click on your name at the top of this post and set flair
unless you barge past me to get a door i 'm perfectly capable of getting myself .
there is not that many offlaners that win with range heroes .
melees are picked becuase they have sustain they are harder to gank they make your frontline better and macro better .
fenix is almost unbeatable in lane but still very rarely you see him there .
how are you gon na play games without your pc on tho ?
or you can act like a yu-gi-oh character if you want to go all the way .
bonus points if you can come up with made up names for your creatures attacks .
neither of these nations even show up in the top 5 in mass shootings
that so many horrible people somehow felt justified in putting thousands of people to death .
that said people were even put into power in the first place did n't anyone see the signs ?
that so many famous historical figures utterly refused to openly say hey i legitimately screwed up how do i do better next time ? ''
that despite thousands of years of accumulated knowledge and lessons learned we are now making mistakes so glaring that our precursors are probably rolling over in their graves .
that radicalism always seems to win over temperance and logic .
please also include separate tab for trades atleast it will temporarily fix the cluttering chat room .
we all know the secret handshake is different every time .
you should be able to find one that sounds like that in any generic trap drum kit
that is actually a common sentiment among a subset of players .
run any anti-virus type programs you have before you do anything .
i know tripwire have commented on other threads saying they are dealing with this server but i do n't know any more than that .
the maga server has a discord heres a link https discord.gg/zgyntjj but i doubt the server owner will be much help .
i know 100 he does n't do surgery on anyone under 18 .
you make 6 figures and you 're still living paycheck to paycheck ?
i 've often though it would probably take something which actually affects them to change their minds .
we won in the jordan era the 2009 team hawks and the 2005 white sox team .
not meaning to talk shit but you 're not trying to disprove my point .
definitely looks like a chinese baoding ball for physical therapy .
we 'll put an ice cube in water for awhile and watch what happens .
sad when epic games with fortnite is better at listening than dice .
they even admitted to hearing us then ignoring it because data '' says they die too fast .
i 'd like to see the data where they see a death come up and it just says died too fast increase ttk
you 're clearly far too informed for this conversation .
this is a place for sarcastic witticisms based on ignorance .
yeah it 's a 12 fps video ¯ ツ ¯ just a preview gif .
falcon heavy is just a falcon 9 with 2 extra cores
i just scrolled quickly through the review liked what i saw and went shopping in the app store .
only thing annoying the living s out of me is that apple still does n't allow me to download anything bigger than 100mb over 4g .
easily ignorable i so wan na suck you off like that .
if there 's one positive of brexit it 's been absolutely fantastic for the popcorn industry
maybe we could continue on a more tonic flirting ?
wo n't have to pay taxes if he makes 100,000
that amount is only for earned income which does not include interest dividends capital gains and many other forms of unearned income .
there 's an allowance but people earning significantly less can still be liable for taxes .
never had an issue with investing as an american abroad .
i have been declined for credit cards and brokerage accounts based on u.s. citizenship several times .
i would mostly just like to take this opportunity to mention that republicans abroad is the only organization i know of that is currently working to have expat taxation and fatca regulations reformed and are apparently working on a bi-partisan initiative to propose legislation sometime soonish .
if anyone reading this cares about the issue it 's helpful to subscribe to republicans abroad 's newletter and take part in their petitions even if you are n't a republican .
if tax liability is n't an issue for you now it probably will become an issue at the very latest when you enter retirement .
hopefully more theaters use this practice here in the us
he was driving a car and not described as a taxi .
this is why i think calling his workplace is wrong .
op didnt sound threatened i get the fe5they wanted a little more time with them .
i usually do n't give recommendations because my skin is super un*sensitive haha .
but i 'm a huge advocate of korean products like mamonde 's rosewater toner .
i did 4-5 layers of it every night and saw a pretty big difference in my skin
i learned this lesson 40 years ago helping a friend remove an old dryer from a new home he 'd bought .
we flipped what we thought was the main breaker and then i proceeded to melt a large screwdriver clean in half .
we just looked at each other dropped our tools and called a professional .
no i asked my mechanic if the flywheel will need machining and he said that it was in very good condition .
fifa 17 was not that bad and used frost engine
in america the walking dead is the highest rated show on cable .
critics gave oscars to blockbuster films like titanic '' gladiator '' and argo '' over art films like amour '' .
in other words there 's no accounting for taste .
well i mean that 's what it was called by sega themselves .
love how causally they get out at the end .
well you 've blown up the car again boris . ''
i did 30-50 in the past because i wan na play it extra safe
this will probably be a snl skit this weekend it 's just totally nuts .
are you saying that you do n't like to watch csgo tier 1 lan tournaments on facebook instead ?
ill be honest if a buyer messaged me with '' heeeeey man ... .these pants are torn but if you give me a partial refund i will keep them '' then they can gtfo
apart from traveling at every opportunity we get my partner me runs a travel blog https nomadicshoes.com curated trips a few thoughts from our experience
there are way too many options to explore a new place like google photos tripadvisor etc with more user generated content
and the whole premise of this solution is based on the assumption that the user knows where s he wants to go which means they already know about the place from a friend/article/etc .
what i think really is a pain point is curation of the content .
too many images/content but unable to ascertain if its a paid promotion or fake or incorrect info .
also i would suggest that you rethink on the premise of this solution what if you could use your content to help a user find a place to travel explore/discover a destination
buuuut majority does n't always mean right and opinions do n't need to be put in practice although you could still make a difference with opinions if you act on them
i 'm trying to explain to you that this is a fool 's errand but you 've decided you 'd prefer to insult me because i 'm not giving you the answer you 'd like
but this thread is about people not playing rdr2 any more ... and that user said they were n't playing it either for a different reason .
that could n't be any more on-topic and relevant .
you know these down votes are n't for not adding to convo .
it 's because they do n't like rdr2 and people are upset by it for some reason .
they think we 'll end up killing indiscriminately if you 're an atheist .
atheists are the most varied caring group of people you 'll meet .
they base their decisions on logic and rationality and are humanists in nature that care for the species and environment as a whole .
and galanor does n't do that much nobody gets more than 11-12 kills per round tops 7-8 is a reasonable average so how much energy could they even be returning ?
one kill with shards of galanor fully refunds your super in mayhem .
the scoreboard wo n't show it but i easily had close to 20 blade barrages that match .
my entire government mostly under the previous president south africa .
parliament and many government positions were filled by family or friends to the detriment of the country .
sometimes the animation shows up but the number stays the same .
most of those people are civilians and fix things like this all the time they do n't knife hand you and are usually really pleasant to deal with .
make sure when you go you have all documentation printed with you les dating as far back as all discrepancies .
for good measure i would also print your gtc statements to have on hand .
as far as someone explaining how pay garnishment works go through your leadership and get the contact information for a financial advisor .
soldiers can get financial advice and education for free use it to your advantage .
you are clueless if you think that 's anyone but 33 .
excuse me sir i 'd like to not be associated with any of this in any shape or form .
the youtube rewind 2018 video still needs 620,846 to be the most disliked video .
help ' without the space to see the commands.pm me for any feedback .
everybody who thinks putin is socialist '' or even communist '' got ta know this .
well i 'm not too excited to pay in 100 only to get 80 back .
so that decrepit boomers do n't riot in the streets ?
there are more of us than them and it 's our ss now our future .
i concluded the same thing but how i highly doubt that they will give you the same pr money and inventory as you had the last time .
there could be a preset point but that would be very disadvantageous ...
i 'm glad you came out on the other side alive .
do you know how are they compared to the nike hyper ko ?
they look same spec but the nike look more rigid and with metatarsal strap .
hopefully that would keep the media in check and we 'll finally be able to enjoy unbiased news like pewnews
what that i mean that endgame is way more fun than levelling even if you now have fun while doing so .
next char you make will be faster and the next one even faster until you end up rushing through content to get to mapping .
it 's not like there are anything you get while levelling thats missing from endgame .
could n't find any info online to say it worked with 1 con per player .
are you enjoying the lifestyle now that you and your husband have started down this path ?
guarentee you this choosing beggar would just spill triple-shot soy latte on them and mooch off someone else .
when you put the barrel somewhere the sun do n't shine
fun fact he works half a day as highschool teacher !
but yea i do n't get mad when i get killed by a challenger mk2 because i know their pain ...
he is an ex player as of now literally anything is better
that 's like saying that the next guy brittain is going to fire off in it 's mouth is going to have bullets in it time for the eu to face reality .
i respect your religion just like i respect islam .
im alright with it as long as it does n't do horrible stuff like bombing ppl or karmawhoring basically the same thing
i like to help new players like i got helped when i started
ca n't be a trap banner if fina is on it p
i see a picture of donald trump holding and kissing his wife .
deductive reasoning he did n't raw-dog a pornstar whilst his newly wedded wife was taking care of their newborn son .
i like how that one person said you could at least try to cover the accent .
i do n't remember how is it just a passing mention ?
if so i have a feeling most probably would n't pick up on it/remember .
either way i would n't waste my time speculating nor would i make strong assumptions of him .
bro i do have crux and have normal pudge arcana level 1
what kind of graphical modifications should i be looking at on an i7-8750h 2.2 ghz with a gtx 1050 ti and 8 gigs of ram ?
when you 're 8 years old your not really worried or bothered with your looks .
and i can assure you 99 of parents are not aware of mouth breathing and the damage '' it causes .
my mom never said to breathe through my nose and not to use my mouth ... soooo though luck for us buddy .
it 's the correct way and how a human should breathe not a quick fix .
if you rent a car idk why you 'd need multiple days tours from the same location ?
beside maybe for special activites like glacier whale watching horse riding and ice caves tours if you 're into it .
18 days would give you a shit ton of time to explore the island all by yourself especially with the extended daylight !
since bts like to takes things to another level ... i would say no shirts concept
i knew at age 3 or 4 i just did n't have the language to put to it .
then came a whole period of repression until 18 when it finally clicked
many politicians who make up a significant portion of those not reaching a consensus simply do not respect the result of the first referendum
there has been nothing other than brexit in play in british politics for the last year and a half .
this is n't like holding a referendum doing nothing then trying to hold another one .
this government has made a good-faith go at getting brexit done included senior brexit figures in cabinet had multiple negotiations with europe and finally put a deal on the table .
the fact no-one likes it is actually because everyone wants a different brexit and there 's still no one unifying brexit that can carry the country .
you should get a marquis reagent test they are only cheap and its the difference between life and potential death really it will test for many common adulterants an unwanted chemicals such as meth if it does contain mdma it will turn straight to dark purple/black where as if it contains meth it will turn red i believe or partially red .
old boss was like that and for those 1 day leaves she would even cover for me and not have me use a leave .
let me come in at any time too as long as it wasnt in the afternoon or i dont miss or be late to any morning meetings if applicable .
rly did my best and she got a lot out of it rly shot her up but she in turn praised me to high heavens and let me get credit too esp when you 're a group head or director level it 's less about shining and more on getting your people to shine anyway and i shot up too .
i owe her a lot she was very tough and demanding but she sure knew how to make up for it .
de jure it 's always been the rule that you can only buy discounted tickets practically with a railcard on board if you have n't previously had an opportunity to buy a ticket being boarding .
de facto many tocs have basically turned a blind eye to revenue staff and guards selling discounted tickets on many routes .
the current government has done a great deal to damage my trust in democracy .
making a difficult but sensible decision would help to restore that .
so yeaaaaa ... about you having better stats then me
i said if you interpret it as re-roll all the dice and still play it as re-roll one die that is definitely cheating no ?
i do n't think many people would interpret it as re-roll all the dice yet still play it as re-roll one die. those such as yourself who interpret it as one die and play it as one die are clearly not cheating due to your perfectly valid interpretation of the rule .
in fact i also used to play it this way believing that it was the correct way .
cheating is when you truly believe the weaker way is correct yet you still play the stronger way .
i do n't think that applies to any of us here .
please reread my response carefully because in it there is not even the slightest hint where i imply anyone here or elsewhere is a cheater .
oh man if those suggestions are true i 'm picking up both on day 1 !
if redacting we edit the document prior to printing whiteout etc is messy and frankly something best resigned to the 80s/90s .
the place i work has 5 tuborg for 100kr and it 's a music venue .
even the old irish on amager as shit as it is has 20kr pints except at night on weekends .
hanzi is going full terrorist is planning a horrible act involving white women his timeline looks like a full radicalized incel we need the rcmp notified of this at once
left third of the picture right side of the guy with the grey/light brown jacket .
it has nothing to do with sexism or ageism .
most of the people who criticize her support both bernie and aoc .
her politics are shit and that 's why she 's criticized .
they are selfish when it comes to sex and they view it as just a way for them to get off and the other person 's needs do not matter .
they do not enjoy giving oral due to taste smell etc ...
i dated a girl who hated oral both receiving and giving and we never did it .
there are extremely dominant sexually and giving oral could be viewed as submissive by them .
these are just a few reasons theres plenty more there is no one reason as to why .
i personally love giving and receiving but not everyone is like this .
it will take over a month but i should recieve 100 money back
maybe not as your source of revenue sure but it still is good for advertising .
city is a free paper that i always see people reading at coffee shops around town .
... hopefully now they can have some interesting articles .
not for asking her to but being mad/self conscious/looking for reassurance for her doing what you asked and even a step above
but unfortunately the showrunner the great steven moffat ! !
saying digital assistants are a gimmick is saying modern search engines are a gimmick who needs human readable queries let 's get back to command line and explicit shorthand commands .
but this has nothing to do with any of that .
there 's an insistence here that attractive equals orgasm and when i say attractive men can be horrible in bed that it takes more than good looks to get a woman off i get called a liar a virtue signaler and worse .
what motivation would i have form aaying this if it was n't true ?
i get your point but sometimes it seems there is absolutely no way to push up towards someone camping at the helicopter there is n't a real counter to it because the whole game is meant for being on the move instead of camping .
reminder that buying 4 xps is so inefficient that using 3 xps instead of selling them for mps to buy the 4 s gets you more xp .
i.redd.it does not provide direct links from our sub page .
i always think about balancing and have thought about making the ice pick and snowboard class a bit more resistant but i do n't like having damage modifications on specific classes i like the sound of a louder glider that does n't go as far !
ok i did n't see his entitled comment until looking for it now but i still do n't exactly agree i mean most of his arguments are n't that ridiculous .
i still would n't have used the word entitled myself but i get what he 's trying to say .
from what you wrote on how she perceives you i doubt that she will even want to meet you .
beta men for women are annoying as fuck and even offensive to their smv .
even though you changed she will still see you in the same way especially because you wanting to meet her after all she 's done reforces even more the beta image she 's got of you .
after you inviter her she will probably think something like will this guy ever get it ?
she does n't want your forgiveness she does n't want anything with you she wants to dance with other guys at clubs .
can you accept that and move on with your life ?
i 've been like you and it was just my oneities refusing to die .
haha yeah it 's a pejorative term for transgender transmedicalists apparently coined by a trans woman on tumblr ?
i always thought of it as an echo of the phrase cis scum but true scum cus they are real specific abt who gets to be true trans and they piss off a lot of other trans people .
... or a bird to eat the spider wriggling and tickling around inside ‘er
you ever think fred must have a huge dick ?
he constantly lies to his wife he 's always causing issues that would end most marrages and yet ... ... she sticks by him .
hmph i bet you just wanted some alone time with me.
actually i did n't want to be with you either hitch
looks like hicth was the one who wanted to get marlowed .
step 2 after backlash tweak it just enough so it 's just regular bad but still bad
step 3 take credit for listening to the fans ''
it 's akin to when you 're negotiating a pay rise and you ask for waaay more than you legit expect to get so thar when they haggle it seems like you agreed to a lower pay rise than you initially asked for when deep down it 's what you wanted to begin with .
wanted a pay rise of £1/hour for extra responsibilities i was given .
so it seemed like i settled for less when i actually got a better deal than i was aiming for
this is a game set in 1899 a peroid of time that has different standards values and outlooks .
in that time period a man wearing a dress would be shunned if lucky more likely be imprisoned and deemed insane or worst case murdered .
do not judge history by todays standards it will more than likely fail to live up to them .
they sometimes avoid eating at a table if they are in room which is not well temperated .
most of the times they eat without table cuz they just woke up and the way from their bed is too far away from the next table .
having lots of tables close to their bedrooms is the key .
cat 's love paper i had to make paper balls for mine to be preoccupied while i played vidya
i ca n't see exactly what i ordered available on amazon anymore but we bought something for £40 nothing fancy .
bought it cause some dog kept shitting on our lawn and i wanted to figure out who to shout out .
someone did post an example once but it was only a very minor 1 day ban
no worries i had no idea until my girlfriend texted me .
really sad seeing this type of stuff since japan generally feels so secure .
if you do not know what you are talking about which you clearly did n't then do n't give advice .
no hardcore usually has a damage multiplier of 1,5x-2x .
snipers are too op in hc though i would n't buff them more than 1,2x
19-year-old tomek whiles away his lonely life by spying on his opposite neighbour magda through binoculars .
she 's an artist in her mid-thirties and appears to have everything not least a constant stream of men at her beck and call .
but when the two finally meet they discover that they have a lot more in common than appeared at first sight ...
a short film about love received very positive critical reviews with many of the critics noting that the film points to kieslowski 's later masterworks .
in his review in the new york times stephan holden wrote that the film which has rich subtly shaded performances by mr. lubaszenko and miss szapolowska has a bleak eloquence . ''
more info at imdb http www.imdb.com/title ? kr f3tki+film+o+milosci 281988 29 wikipedia https en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? title=a 20short 20film 20about 20love rotten tomatoes https www.rottentomatoes.com/m/short_film_about_love netflix http movies.netflix.com/wimovie/60037470 wikidata https www.wikidata.org/wiki/q80660 .
send me feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmovieguide subject=re 3a 20http 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2fa5sih7 confidence 0.83 '' .
extra-judicial action would the exception not the rule for a lg player .
for someone like batman who is the epitome of what it is to be a vigilante it would the norm .
also since this discussion is regarding pathfinder you guys should checkout the d20 pathfinder source reference .
haha that sounds great but by now i 'm never asleep at 2am anymore .
i 'm usually down by like 5 or 6 and up by 2:30 .
sure i 'm not worried i 'll be missing something that will affect me in practice otb any time soon .
i just want to know out of curiosity that 's all .
i might get shereshevsky 's endgame strategy next year even if it 's above my level .
i think it might help me better appreciate master games ' endgames at least .
and yeah i 'm studying tactics and strategy too .
books made to appear the way books do in the 1500 's filled with basic knowledge about surviving in the 1500 's disguised as a prayer book .
i 'll live out the rest of my life working with him on astronomy .
i would start working on general relativity so i can get some money from any of the major universities .
in conversation with colleagues about family and sexuality i mentioned my 11yo son low key came out to us this year .
the story was about how delightfully low key it was not that he was lgbt in the first place .
colleague straight female how can an 11yo know they 're gay ?
me do you remember whether you were attracted to boys or girls at 11 ?
me so why ca n't my son be aware he 's attracted to boys too at the same age
every banner featuring old units that someone does n't use is a bad banner for that person .
i 'm sure anyone that was building or is going to be building either of these characters will be happy .
am i the only one who 's gradually losing interest in this show ?
i agree that this season is an improvement over season 2 but for me it 's turning from so bad it 's good '' to just bad .
if i can fix that and have close relationships again i 'd be happier i think .
they should reduce the probability to 10 for crossing and heading proper passing and near box chances should earn the goals
they are attending to take the award only or have a special song cover got7 also was not included in the japan lineup but they attend to take the award only and did not performace
it explicitly states that on the softminer portal under how does razer softminer work ?
kazami only boosts damage during katana gear release and ph wont have that mechanic
my mom is not remotely tech savvy but she 's the sweetest person alive .
one day we were talking i mentioned something about how i think wikipedia is one of the greatest efficiency gains humanity has ever achieved and she mentioned how she had just donated during one of their fundraising drives .
i was kind of dumbstruck and ashamed i had never gotten around to donating even though i 'm sure i use it 10x as much as her not an exaggeration .
the older i get the more i want to throw money directly at the things i like .
well then you 'll probably enjoy your trip more during the day than at night
i stopped by a shop in china and they said it 'll work fine in the us and they 'll load it to the us spec google .
supposedly the only difference between china and global spec is that the chinese version has english and chinese while global spec has all languages .
pcs seem to get shit on too much anymore .
gamers are gamers if you put it out on a platform support the shit .
we all just wan na play the same game on the system we prefer .
dropped brandon marshall when he played for the dolphins and was n't playing in the game for someone who was because i had the number 1 waiver pickup .
won my game and it changed my waiver seeding .
and now we 're gon na get a buff for nk ...
if assad is so bad why do liberals always use ba'ath bombs themselves ?
by 9.30 police cadets were guarding the scene i am not making this up .
despite the fbi kidnapping manual indicating the local police should not maintain a presence at the home and set up a hq at the police station or a third placement the bpd could n't find that manual and flooded the area with police cars with a lights flashing cadets guarding the perimeter
jr had stated that a number of people he had never seen before or since were wandering through the scene .
the scene resembled a plane crash riot or minor earthquake in terms of first responder activity
oh by the way that kidnapping manual that the bpd could n't find understandable since it had been handed to two bpd officers two months previous was finally given to the bpd by the county sheriff who thought it prudent to keep around .
the first rule of the manual ... ... ... ... ..call the fbi .
the second rule of the manual ... ... ... ... set up an off site hq .
the rationale is if the kidnappers see dozens of police cars with lights flashing tv news trucks friends clergy police cadets and random people loitering around the home well even the dumbest criminals will know the parents called the cops .
they decided to ignore all conventional wisdom and flood the scene .
despite numerous detectives patrol officers meter maids and cadets nobody bothered to properly search the home they were guarding
if it comes to the switch i want the inevitable joker amiibo to access smash/nintendo-related easter eggs the same way they did with bayonetta 2 .
please get the last of us its the greatest ps exclusive .
we war continually but lately have lost some players to inactivity and sometimes ca n't hit that magic number of 10 .
i 'll give that a look up on the ol ' youtube .
i 'm sad i saw the solution because now the magic is gone until my squirrel brain can forget the solution .
what a great and simple little pleasure puzzles can be !
i know it was awful but i want it to be light hearted video as he has already done a full conspiracy video on her before .
i 'd like to see a fun video where they 'll debunk all the proof and just laugh .
all i know is that the company is called away .
post up danny green had some nice shots and greg monroe really did well for us .
i did this exact thing in the same spot and ended up with 8kills .
people were pretty much ignoring me and going for the sword .
or and bear with me here nobody outside of the state of oklahoma and maybe minnesota give a crap what his nickname is .
the rest of us do n't give much thought to the nickname of a dude that continues to switch his child even after getting suspended for a year because of it .
joker really has me wondering what other 3rd parties we might expect fighters as dlc from in the future .
i 'm pretty inclined at this point to think that all remaining dlc fighters will be 3rd party i could be wrong but the way they talk about joker setting a precedent for what to expect has me leaning toward that .
i 'd like to think that banjo kazooie are still on the table i could definitely see rayman coming .
i love the idea of ryu from ninja gaiden making it in .
geno may still have a chance and if there is indeed another square fighter coming i sure hope its him over the likes of sora or another ff fighter .
or pull lever drop dot in pit pull lever pull lever pull lever pull lever pull lever drop dot in pit
regardless soon enough the gas boy will be selling you a pitch for a timeshare and you 'll swear that he 's not squeezing the pump all the way .
submissions to r/animemes that are similar to this one https reddit.com/r/animemes/comments/a5qu7v with confidence scores
about dupebro https www.reddit.com/r/dupebro/comments/973sue/what_is_dupebro_how_does_he_work_and_how_can_i click here to do a reverse search http dupebot.com/search ? url=https reddit.com/r/animemes/comments/a5qu7v
my last question as you know its does n't supported a parameter on centos/rhel .
first of all i will get all fields via passwd s user on each username and parse the output per your original script .
the more explanations i hear of how hard this is the more i feel like they 're trolling us
if there were a jesus i promise this is n't what he would have wanted .
all this hope for tornonto is making me sick .
i for one am looking forward to the lakers vs toronto finals so lebron can once again dad dick the raptors
with the light theme and dark theme menu it sorta implies that eventually other themes will be added ... but if it has n't happened already what the hell is the hold up ?
did someone run into a bug that makes stretching a jpg across the background impossible ?
maybe they 're holding off to see if they can pull some weird nintendo way of doing backgrounds but who knows
i know how much getting bitched at by some soccer mom can suck so i try and make their day in some way .
oh and i always say thank you have a nice day '' hopefully before they do because it really fucks with peoples heads
i 'm sorry for you hopefully it 'll be over soon !
i 've personally reported about a dozen accounts that ended up being propaganda and the like .
they are n't hard to spot most of the time but there are some pretty sophisticated ones that you 'd have a hard time proving .
it 's important to remember that no subreddit is safe from it .
just a few months ago there were several posts on r/squaredcircle pro wrestling spreading saudi arabian propaganda .
yes i see that all the time and i 'm always like excuse me ? ? ? ''
hello i ca n't sleep are you still looking for someone to talk to ?
once i was dumb and rode on the back of a moving car i fell and now i have absolutely no sense of smell .
i think it 's a bug in the system they are trying to work out .
one of the known issues was once you go black you cant go back . ''
maybe they just finished the production of 3 songs today ?
like tying loose ends on them and cleaning them up
and what is stopping a white racist from doing this if he thinks the black doctor is a better doctor than the white doctor ?
we also have to consider that there are different levels of racism .
starting from i would n't allow my daughter to marry '' to we should exterminate every '' .
i have been using segregation level '' of racism in my example .
our white shag has darkened closest to the couch where our feet are and the dog sits ... . any tips ?
depending on the business you do n't need to incorporate at all .
there is also federal incorporation which is different than regional .
i would suggest dropping by a local business/entrepreneur start up center and ask them .
many will have free ask the expensive professional '' events .
it 's a good method to ask the questions .
tl dr go to a local entrepreneurs centre or ask a lawyer .
some of it could be hypervigilance on my end because i 've been through two years of this .
i wish i could articulate it a little better but i guess i ca n't .
and tbf a lot of the irrefutable larping ones throw people i care about under the bus so the best i 've got for context is this .
not like human or even chimpanzee smart but decently intelligent .
means that two thirds of her mps have slightly more confidence in her than in bojo or mog .
yeah that helps a lot thank you but i do n't have all the cells yet i just wanted to make build for the future .
3 cells like this for the lantern or this for atk .
so i am able to mix 9 lives lv.4 with with fortress/guardian lv .
2-3 agility cells so i can go for dodge first of all .
examples in the article were about verizon sprint and etc blocking companies/non profits from sending out mass txt messages to people asking for money .
if i did n't sign up for something i do n't want to be constantly spammed by people asking for money .
your post has been automatically removed because it had no valid title tag .
do you have a question about a product or skin concern ?
the sca routine https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/sca_routine information on building a good skincare routine deciding what products to use and what order to use them in
products and ingredients https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/index wiki_products_.26amp.3b_ingredients includes product recommendations and info on how best to use a product from moisturizers to chemical exfoliants and from ocm to retinoids
common skin concerns https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/index wiki_common_skin_concerns help with a variety of skin concerns from acne to stretch marks
we also recommend doing a subreddit search https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all for your question because it 's very likely been asked before .
if you 're looking for advice we recommend you post in the help thread stickied on the front page http www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/about/sticky ? num=1 .
that 's where our most experienced users hang out to answer questions and you 'll get the most reliable advice !
if you still want to make a post to the sub you 'll need to use one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
do try to include all relevant information when asking for help .
see our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/postingguidelines wiki_information_to_include_when_posting for suggestions .
we have a sidebar you may not know about filled with more helpful links !
to view the sidebar on the official reddit app tap the three dots in the upper right corner when you 're on the sub r/skincareaddiction and tap 'community info ' .
instructions for other apps can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/mobile .
searching in the reddit app click the three dots and then select 'search '
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's obviously a full blown liberal but does n't tow all the lines .
he brings this question out to staunch anti-gun people .
i 'm just bummed maher does n't pressure people to answer this question thoroughly .
you could unbox and plug it in run all the updates then repackage to be given as gift .
it 's literally ready to go within 5 minutes of opening .
speaking of controllers the system only comes with one .
if you are in a pinch best buy has a charger stand for two controllers for 25 .
yeah i drive a large sedan so i can definitely more than a few bags and suitcases .
i 'll keep looking into it and keep updated on how everything pans out today .
95 of the porn/erotica i consume i 'd never want to do or have happen irl .
the only thing i can imagine is that people posted them realized it was a duplicate and deleted them themselves .
if she liked memoirs of a geisha she might also like the secret life of bees both amazing historical fiction
calling minnesota a purple state is a bit of a stretch at this point
the circle is dictated by the highest view range tank in the opfor combined with your tanks own camo rating when still .
once you start moving the moving camo rating of your own tank is used to fluctuate the circle .
the circle does not change when that highest range red tank is taken out/disabled so there is no way to know which red tank it is based on .
it does not mean that you will be detected for sure when a red tank is within that circle rather that line is a rough approximation of the best case scenario for the opfor to detect you .
you could for example line up xbox-360-only-bushes/fallen-trees and be undetected regardless of the circle .
what this also means is that the circle will be different sized for different tanks on the same team .
note for japanese heavies on ensk need not read anything here .
they believe that environmentalists get their panties in a twist about every little goddamned thing '' .
my ears are tingling i need some punching scene and some more pinning down on this crazy woman .
i have lots of friends who go to this spot and none of them have found anything this good .
i just happened to be following a good vein and there it was !
no i started a fight because you said that being ugly gets you treated as poorly as being gay after you accepted the fact that gay people can be refused pet adoption housing and the right to shop in certain stores .
you 're claiming that people are told they are not allowed to adopt pets rent/buy a home or shop in a store because they 're too ugly .
nobody in the 21st century has been refused housing or pets or kicked out of a store because they 're ugly .
this is the earliest known set of drawing instruments in their original case it was made by bartholomew newsum clockmaker to elizabeth i .
displayed in a new world exhibition in bm summer 2007
a spectacular and very rare set of elizabethan drawing instruments in a highly decorated presentation case .
the sides of the case depict the classical figures of peace war poverty and abundance .
arranged in the case are all the instruments that a person working on technical drawings might need .
displayed here are a ruler a set square scissors proportional dividers three compasses of different sizes a pencil holder and a pen with fixed knib.see also stone p. g. 1906 a sixteenth century mathematical instrument case 'archaeologia ' 50 531-3 pls 42-3 hambly maya 1988 'drawing instruments 1580-1980 ' sotheby 's publications london p. 152 fig .
145 instruments in case turner g. l'e 1996 later medieval and renaissance instruments .
ah and there 's no way that her attitude could have been influenced by what she was asked to step into ?
i 'm about 5'6 '' and the torso seems a little long on me i was expecting this https shop.matterprints.com/collections/jumpsuits/products/the-classic-jumpsuit-rana but it looks like this https shop.matterprints.com/collections/jumpsuits/products/the-classic-jumpsuit-falcon-dusk and the leg length hits me right at the unflattering knee-length that makes me feel frumpy .
why does it have to be she you sexist homophobic nazi
one benefit of whatsapp and similar apps like signal that are actually open is that messaging is encrypted .
if you 're concerned about privacy you should not be using sms/text messaging .
what happened when they experimented with the idea of non private ownership in russia ?
is feudalism not just peasants collectivized under a feudal lord instead of a chairman ?
we had other systems before that 's why i referred to the bronze age .
feudalism was a system to respond to a very specific set of political circumstances/instability .
we have an entire written history of private ownership of production .
land owned privately on which they put olive and fruit orchards and farms and vinyards .
or look at the bible the wealth of people increase when they properly manage their flocks not the kings .
if capitalism is n't private ownership creating a particular type of market or trade what is it ?
a catch all buzzword for us to attach our resentment to ?
edit i was looking for any past alternative that lasted as long and as stable as the last 150 years
sometimes i see people do things and feel compelled to do it too .
a quick glance looks like all the stuff that is currently handled in some form by flight schedule pro for us mostly scheduling and pilot hour tracking .
we 're tracking that on excel right now and it 's freaking gory .
i 'd love to get the hell away from that to a centralized scheduler maintenance tracker bill tracker and individual owner account statement handler .
i totally get why you need to work up the courage .
i used to scream into a pillow after pushing the injector .
ya maestro 's cool but does anyone gets hit emotionally by lion 's bio he tried to convince claire to get an abortion but she refused .
once his parents found out about the pregnancy they kicked him out of the house it was the last straw in a string of bad behavior .
depressed olivier went on a drug and alcohol-fueled bender getting trashed enough to land in the hospital . ''
i have n't been following this story closely so it is a genuine question and not a challenge .
oh yeah the post production process especially for nightly news shows is insane .
odds are that the footage immediately went to an editor on site who cut the segment and uploaded it directly afterwords .
i 'm sure that all 127 million mexican from mexico are narcs just as i 'm sure that all 330 million people from the us are rockers and listen to hip hop
if i told my 64 year old mother this she would say what 's anime .
i ca n't get around this ... . tell your parents business .
okay well to answer it in that context i think me being gay has slightly modified my worldview on things .
i often like to think in an alternate universe where i 'm straight i 'd probably have the same personality and convictions as i do now .
then again we can only take guesses at how much being lgbt manipulates our worldly perceptions .
what i mean is that if you start from the premise that there 's no such thing as people being destined for each other it 's just a movie about two people who exist .
and it 's clearly presented as something tragic or at least sad but nothing actually happens that 's tragic or sad .
two people just were briefly friends and the movie plays all sorts of sad music to tug at your hearstrings..
i think tyler is too scared to leave her because of her mental health she could threaten to kill herself this is n't a reach and he feels like he needs to stand by his vows .
he has convinced himself to stick by her and just be miserable instead of being selfish and letting go
aside from the shotgun blast they did n't expect hardly anything gory was actually shown .
they did n't celebrate the audiences craving for blood they taunted it .
time to make a sandwich and that 's what we see .
we are treated to the sounds though sounds that make us want to see what 's going on all the more .
that movie was a troll from top to bottom .
! it was when we first moved to beaver hallow .
jack was calling for cain and micah said he 's not fucking coming back kid .
and arthur asked him what did you do to the dog micah ? ''
and he just laughed and leaned back in his chair then said something like idk what you 're talking about he just ran away '' and the .
i did n't experience this one but someone said they saw micah kick cain at camp too .
well they fell from grace because they built their persona around this ultra feminist liberal minded group but failed in hiding their flaws .
honestly i think everyone should just shut the fuck up and mind their own business .
i doubt op would willingly disturb their neighbors every day .
the reddit police always find a way to try and ruin a good heartfelt video smh
probably answered somewhere in here but when you unlock say ttar 's new move is it available for all your ttars ?
also if i 'm reading correctly it is an alternate move meaning you do n't have to use a charge tm to get it ?
i ask especially because what about cd moms with special moves that we do n't want to lose forever ?
it 's honestly a terrible strategy to get your college paid for with an awful roi .
i honestly do n't think that club soccer parents really care about some sort of hypothetical roi when it comes to the costs associated with their kid 's participating in the activity .
if your kid enjoys playing soccer and has the talent to potentially become an elite level player you figure out how to make it happen if you have the means to do so .
parents just want to see their kids be successful with whatever they are passionate about .
she asks people hello i 'm so and so .
this would cause me to do a brief double take and just walk away from someone .
they clearly have nothing to offer that i 'm interested in .
it 's a reference to his adventures in siege good sir .
that 's not a nice thing to say about dan snyder .
the individual mandate penalty for 2019 has been dropped to 0 you wo n't be penalized if you do n't carry health insurance .
you will still owe a penalty if you 're not covered in 2018 unless you qualify for an exemption https www.healthinsurance.org/obamacare/obamacare-penalty-exemptions .
i think it 's in military because the rocket silo evolved from rocket defense which was the original win condition .
i did n't play back then but my understanding is that placing a rocket defense caused every biter on the map to try to attack it and if both you and it survived for 10 minutes then you won .
i did n't mean arabian as in ethnicity but as in people who live on the arabian peninsula .
where for native women to wear black clothing is compulsory in most countries .
foreigners are sometimes exempt from these laws native non-muslims are not .
true that but with release on you can move while shooting a shotgun too
that one guy would be enough to put klay out
you rarely hear players say that about their teams after an impressive win
tryna find the cheapest m.2 ssd i can right now .
jay-z goes from thoughtful midlife crisis rap to bragaddocious 20-something gangsta rap .
so your proposal is to have no policy about anything ever because the social sciences '' can not predict all the outcomes ?
what other area of policy do we ever take this kind of ultimate skepticism towards health care education foreign policy of course not .
we had no problem launching two massive wars and droning up the middle east with zero idea of what the consequences would be far less ideas than what we know about climate policy i am sure you disagreed with those wars but it demonstrates the only reason we have public policy experts '' on the right who spend their entire lives advocating directly for right wing policy implementation suddenly become skeptical about policy in general and its usefulness and suddenly pretend we should not do anything with public policy ever because unintended consequences when they full steam ahead advocate for slashing social security slashing food stamps destroying public education destroying labor protections ... .etc .
it goes on and on ... ... is because this one area of policy clashes with their corporate self serving ideology and it would force them to implement policy they simply do not like its that simple .
they are not concerned with unintended consequences when it comes to radically obliterating all social safety nets obliterating virtually all public services and public education and replaces everything with a tiny inconceivable ubi all of which murray has supported in the past murray does not give two shits about unintended consequences then .
the real stupidity of this position though is that this is not optional policy this is not tweaking public policy that already works to supposedly make it better which could cause unintended consequences this is mandatory policy to avoid an epic gigantic 100 guaranteed disaster of massive proportions imagine a huge asteroid is heading for earth and we have some choices and this guy stands up and claims the unintended consequences of action are too risky so we need to just do nothing and sit back and allow the earth to be destroyed ... ..its completely insane and fatalist and dishonest to argue such a position .
also look into the franch situation further read the french media instead of listening to us liberals whoh have totally misrepresented the situation the french gov position was to force the entire burden of these measures onto the poor and working people of france and to have zero responsibility or burden on the business owners oligarchs and companies who caused this problem to begin with.. so of course people said fuck you we are not goin to sit back and take this shit .
the primary demand of the protestors was that macron reinstitute the tax on the highest earners that he repealed the second he got into office everyone knows this in france he repealed it and the protestors are demanding he use that tax instead of taxing the poor and working people to subsidize keeping the tax off the highest earners and the oligarchs of the country .
and when they released the plan for what the fuel tax was actually going to be used for it was right there its being used to subsidize the lost revenue over macron 's repealing of the large tax on the highest earners and oligarchs of france .
so yes trying to butt fuck the working people repeatedly and trying to force working people to shoulder the entire burden of change while asking absolutely nothing of the companies and highest earners who have caused and benefited from rampant use of fossil fuels will have massive unintended backlash .
great but then mel gibson and a bunch of feral kids steal your midget that runs it all and escapes with him on a train..
if your question is answered please reply saying either answered or thank you .
if your content has been incorrectly flaired please change it !
additionally for live build/poe discussion and question answers feel free to ask in the various question channels on the path of exile discord https discord.gg/pathofexile !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pathofexile if you have any questions or concerns .
and i bet those 8 different cards were n't credit or debit..
ottawa agreed to play by concacaf 's rules the day they joined a league organized under the concacaf system .
i 'm not saying that ottawa 's complaints are n't merited but it 's not like they did n't sign up for this potential scenario .
concacaf can argue that ottawa fury agreed to abide by the bylaws of concacaf and one of those bylaws is that they must apply every year for a waiver which may or may not be granted .
like i said earlier if this is concacaf 's position they could at least offer a fairer middle ground than immediate de-certification for the usl .
a pathway and a timeframe negotiated between concacaf ussf csa cpl and the fury would have been a lot fairer than a dictum from on high .
so uneducated that your english is almost as lacking as your football knowledge .
i lost track of how many of the your you wrote is supposed to be a you're .
i get that you 're delusional so you confuse rational educated observations are bias in favor of tomlin .
if you 're not a smart person you have zero facts in your corner then you 're the one who is incorrect .
my whole salary is less then 3k a month so that seems pretty good i am not in the us though .
or just release a new set of icon sbcs without requiring a icon
then that guy can take responsibility for whatever shitty policies he votes for .
aria crystal prayer lmr1 25 chance to grant heals 30 for 10 seconds to the user after using a wht ability
aria duty first lmr2 25 chance to dualcast white magic abilities
this information comes from this spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16k1zryyxrh7vdkvf1f7erruaoc5wuzvc3q2gflch6lq/edit ? usp=sharing by u/enlir https www.reddit.com/user/enlir .
for feedback relating to this bot contact u/spirialis https www.reddit.com/user/spirialis .
i was told that when you run bud it comes back darker like this .
i have noticed when people run trim it comes back a lot lighter .
people tell me i write in an angry tone but i 'm chill rn
the specific physics of molecules of water are what causes them to freeze and boil at certain temperatures .
it is n't a coincidence it 's a fact .
edit it 's like saying it 's a coincidence that 1+1=2
the comments about hendo before napoli game were absolute embarrassment .
i have been stupidly blind not to recognize how many glory hunters and plastic fans this club actually has .
sad but i know that would have been insane .
unfortunately that does n't seem to be available here !
i 'm quite surprised thought swedish vodka should n't be too hard to get .
it is not uncommon for a bus to stay in service to 20 years .
their plan is to effectively start phasing in electric and stop buying non-electric going forward .
i get it it was a super useful system back in the early days but it 's really frustrating nowadays and leads to pointless customer-to-customer conflicts .
ethnic parameters which can not be properly changed after being born has caused a ton of issues still do to this day .
zoom functionality for eyes would be lovely and could be pretty handy in a ton of situations .
i get that you need new new customers but having one of the most pleasurable things in life be able to create a new person is terrible design .
i 'm not fond of eyes generally not being able to move independently of one another .
it has seen an increase in popularity as of late so it 'd be nice if the body was adjusted accordingly .
i ca n't speak on behalf of other customers but the general sentiment seems to be that periods suck .
it seems like a really stupid feature and i think we 'd all love to see it go .
make it easier for people to lick their own elbows .
nothing major but it 'd be a fun little feature .
maybe an easter egg that is n't mentioned in the patch notes ?
if a customer does enough good for other customers please ensure that they do n't pass away too soon .
it might seem unfair but i miss chester bennington .
when you have a crush on another customer your confidence should gain a temporary boost .
it 's nice to know that someone is awake but it creates awkward moments when interacting with other customers and does n't serve any real purpose .
why should the thought of the concept of itching cause itching ? !
seriously what sort of buggy-ass feature '' is that ? !
fix the bug that causes eye lashes to get stuck between your eye lids .
the issue of people being born with the wrong physical gender needs to be fixed it 's caused a lot of customer-to-customer issues .
the antivirus is good but it could really use a proper fix for the reoccuring flu bug rather than the yearly hotfix .
tooth decay affects so many people even though it seems like an obvious fix that should 've been thought of many iterations ago .
there 's a bug that results in customers preparing for a sneeze only for that sneeze to never come .
you would n't be able to watch them make characters over the internet but the sheet is a large pdf file with the ability to import javascript for any homebrew classes .
the sheet auto fills in a ton of information for each class and race combination .
if someone else gave the answer please reply directly to their comment in order to have the point awarded .
if you found it yourself no action needs to be taken .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmytongue if you have any questions or concerns .
even though i did n't put it near any light .
they are almost always grass spiders aka funnel weaver spiders .
so consensus seems like this is an early prototype but i like this much better .
im okay with him looking cute and having an attitude over being a nightmare .
ideally for live action the progressive/anniversary model with fur would be fine .
loving the fact i can feel your nerves and concern for the doc .
not if you do n't call them until after she uses them .
she is not a powerful specialist unless her opponents are dumb .
their parents being divorced is usually a good indicator in my experience .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a5tgln/whats_a_good_christmas_gift_for_a_middle_aged .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
decent but not fully consistent range lengthy and able to defend the perimeter gritty and vertical on the inside
that 's the award that princess peach gives to her toads if they 're loyal .
it was made in response to accusations that she was a useless monarch and worse that she staged her kidnappings as anti koopa propaganda .
the ceremony 's were specifically designed to sugar coat the horrors that really go on in the mushroom kingdoms but recently people have stopped caring because mario just wins every year so it 's not even fun anymore
i agree the middle east is a mess and those events did follow from the war .
however it was only a matter of time before you got an isis like organisation in iraq/libya/syria .
imo it was not the war that caused the problem but the lack of an after plan .
if the allies had pumped funds into creating a democracy education systems free press ... ... maybe things would be different .
it 's located on the third floor '' for a house with 3 floors thats pretty lackluster the tv is way to small for example .
how do i get ambilight to my lg oled ?
i know baltimore has a much better matchup but chicago has rarely had a bad game even against good competition .
leagues are like seasons in d3 the current league betrayal began on the 7th .
just update your game and play it 's all bug fixes .
back up a bit use your ranged moves and hit and run tactics .
ikes moves are slow they wo n't hit often if you 're cautious .
magnus to do a hotrod in the fight between horus and big e .
to much irony and back tracking on your end .
and a lot of diverting away from my statements that explain it all .
i used my experience to back up my claim and all did was misquote me to take my words out of context .
you quoted me as saying it took me a few hours to mine the gems .
what i said was i spent a few hours track and tranq .
i do n't understand how you think that is not a misquote .
i was under the impression pressing at the same time only really worked for directional aerials since i need momentum to jump forward ?
in which order would i need to press the buttons to say jump forward and do short hop nair for snake ?
i knew about this shortcut but if it actually also works for neutrals i 'm gon na feel so dumb .
edit order '' as in where should the directional input for the jump momentum start and stop ?
or whatever he name is '' as he creepily hands her a coffee mug and holds that stare just a tad too long .
lol i remember watching his stream hearing and thinking there is somebody actually leaking steps right to him .
anybody who watched that stream knows what i 'm talking about .
these dlcs and ees are a joke now callofnobodycares started this whole trend .
at first i thought that guy was doing it for us but now i think he 's just a dick trying to troll and ruin the game for everyone because he 's sad and depressed with his own pathetic little life .
youre a virgin and you call somis feet granny feet .
this perks are usually rendered useless after first hit .
git gut in ganks instead of complaining about your lack of skill with certain hero .
the sword does have counters like range and slow swing time and the plane is a loud and big target and it 's bullets are n't hit scan but yeah breaking through buildings is broken with the sword and plane but i do n't think removal would be a good idea
a mage that relies on dps and has no escape skill other than speed boost ?
easy target for high burst damage ninja and mages mages that have cc
i think it was more irresponsible for the verge to do that
at my school there are decent people died because of shoot outs .
i think we 'd be more likely to get the score voting via a small change like approval voting .
yeah i remember that scene in bad santa where he helped evacuate children from a burning building .
ffs people he thought the building was on fire and your kids were in danger of dying in a horrific manner what do you want from him ?
should he stay in his chair grinning and waving and saying ho ho ho ! ''
surprisingly the only problem i had with porting my number to fizz was the false error message they sent to 80 saying it failed when it didnt except for that no issue with porting .
i replied to another poster with a similar problem .
daily quests are n't resetting for me as well .
add detroit to your list of cities with a lot of art deco architecture .
most of them are credit spreads so it should be okay .
i was credited an extra 10,000 in my account yesterday and it was cleared up by the closing bell .
i 'll tell you something that i find interesting that people do sometimes that you may or not find relevant .
in every day life sometimes you encounter people who say that god saved them or they know god has a plan for them or whatever .
but that 's as far as it ever goes .
just this surface statement about being associated with god but no talk or evidence that anything else changed .
there 's the repeated sentiment that he found god but then no follow up statement about what change that has brought about in his character and every day life .
i think it 's important that both statements be made together .
perhaps it 's in his other music i do n't know .
you can definitely get a nice house for 375,000 here .
if you 're looking to buy a house that 's within walking distance of one of the gigantic one-stop shopping centers it 's going to be expensive but there is plenty of property here that is n't ghetto for the price range you described .
do n't trust me you can go look on zillow but i 've grown up here since i was six i work part time and i go to school full time and i still live in loudoun .
it 's not like you 're making it out to be at all .
i can not imagine how difficult that would be for such young kids .
i read your other comment about how your family is now i am so glad you got out of it i really hope your siblings can too .
only need one example to show that only a sith deals in absolutes
i see your size 11 struggles and raise you size 13 struggles .
haha but yes it 's hard for all of us .
thank you very much for your interest in this topic it means a lot to me .
people will value the technology in due time once they get the opportunity to test it .
scotland did not allow nuclear power stations to be built .
it 's irrelevant who paid for it scotland decided what was and what was not allowed .
you 're fucking hilarious mate when did i even mention nuclear power ?
are you like one of those dolls were upon pulling a string you get one of a few prepacked phrases ?
but because this received planning permission in england this is an english success right
thanks for paying for my renewable power then i guess ?
very generous of us to pay for eachother like this it 's almost like we 're in the same energy system .
fyi planning decisions are mostly made at local council level so unless you happen to live next to a big windfarm you probably ca n't even claim success under this bizarre metric .
oh boy ca n't wait for the gen 8 mythical to be revealed and get shoehorned into this ruining it for the people who want it to be closer to the first movie .
that would be the expected trend for the i choose you timeline though zeraora was integrated into the power of one point five better than marshadow was in i choose you .
what about it it 's still not making fun of the race
i 'm always disappointed with any stir-fry i make because i can never time the veggies right and get overcooked mixed with undercooked 😂
kane has largely been struggling since his injury in march .
he 's shooting far less than he did in previous seasons .
he only has 6 goals in 16 games in the league when you take out penalties .
why everyone is keep forgeting about elrubisomg which is biggest youtuber that helped pewdiepie
i remember seeing something about how rudolph does n't address bullying or physical differences or something dumb like that
yeah that sounds like an unhealthy atmosphere definitely not what you need when you 're trying to overcome depression .
everyone talks about finding the next mcvay ... not saying that kitchens is that but he 's a young offensive-minded guy who has years ' more experience than mcvay did .
teams seem to be coveting that kind of guy in today 's nfl .
it 's a risk for sure but i 'm not opposed .
if we did make that move i 'd want a new dc though .
williams ' defense has n't been that great this year besides takeaways which have declined since he moved over to hc and the risk of more turmoil in demoting him for a first-time coordinator should be avoided .
the daisy sports playable character slot will show a complete difference in daisy especially because her moveset will be based on the sports-related nintendo games in which she has appeared in .
a down special will be a bump her up special will be a spike and she will have a very strong soccer kick for a forward smash .
plus a triple axel with a swinging leg finish will be her neutral air .
it will be interesting to see two variations of daisy in the same game one a formal princess and the other an athlete .
they are in vancouver and they 're pretty cool peeps .
do n't contribute to the rise of fast fashion .
wait so you 're criticizing the ken starr investigation for how public it was then criticizing the mueller investigation because it 's not public enough ?
i 'm all for saban 's academy for coaches who ca n't coach too good but i do n't want durkin anywhere near our campus .
try to make the roof more plain and reduce the amount of lamps i 'd say .
if you 've been there for most of the year then there 's a good chance you 'll get a christmas bonus .
i have n't heard of many companies that do n't do christmas bonuses .
ive got the same case ... .hopefully mine does n't lose its shit .
turns out when you have like a 10 inch reach advantage against many of your opponents you win fights 🤷🏻‍♂️
he 's been unfun for me since season 8 started .
i do n't think i 'll even play league next season unless he gets changed .
this is gon na take some time for seo tools for indexing them ...
you forgot the part where some creep has been secretly reading your sisters private conversation .
honestly i 'm most excited about gunblade ca n't believe it 's finally arriving and confirmed .
hopefully it 's a tank that 'd be so much fun !
you 're assuming shaq will be taking every shot and always be able to receive the ball in the low post .
the moment kobe starts shooting at his average fg in any sort of volume things look a lot different .
i needed all of these dragons because i only have agni and garuda .
may pull 2 more dailies and be done with it til xmas event .
i thought i 'd be better at this being married to a scented-soap-loving woman .
this is honestly the funniest post i 've ever seen on this sub .
its against stream sniping so the enemy cant just turn on his stream and take a look at the minimap and deward the wards instantly .
no icons no movement no music nothing but a simple image ... kinda pathetic really .
i 've never used those but i assume the ones on campus you could n't use unless you have a scad id .
however there is one at whole foods that you should check out
farming stardust is much easier than acquiring the rare candy .
do n't use the casta system to talk about race .
it 's the very thing that made people go up in arms against spain essentially the reason mexico is a country .
i would disagree with your opinion of rey and holdo but the fact that you 're not using loaded terms for them means you 've actually got a legitimate opinion of them which i can respect .
that is assuming op is n't already of atreides lineage an expertly trained mentat and a bene gesserit rev-mother-equivalent .
you do n't need to spend more money to create additional characters on your account to hold your stuff .
you literally just create a new character just build a stash to store your stuff on your 2nd character rather than your main .
it 's incredibly easy if you have friends that play the game as just give it to them change characters retrieve it on new character but if you don't have friends you need to either make one or look at the social '' tab and remember a couple names store stuff in a public container hopefully close to 76 to cut down on walk time but yet secluded enough that someone does n't wander over take your shit while you switch characters switch characters to the alt '' go to recent players '' and join one of the people of the server you just left walk to the container pick up the stuff you put in it .
there is no additional payment required and you can store everything in his stash since he 's just going to be a mule '' as well as overburden the shit out of the character as you are n't going to be walking around with him anyway .
definitely my favorite clip i saw since a long time 👌🏻
it 's been so long since i 've had a nintendo console but smash and pokémon let 's go look so great .
u get prestige marks from selling monster cards and hero cards .
they are materials used to level up your character after reaching 6 12 .
similar to blessings of valor but for your heroes .
needs a cut to t h i c c booty at the end .
except he is literally on tape directing cohen to break the law
it 's funny how we are able to compartmentalize .
suffer abuse as a child people sympathize but also recognize you are still responsible for your actions as an adult .
we ca n't keep leaning on but boomers fucked it all up for us '' and expect people to take our shit seriously .
this tweet reads like every other woke '' person who watched zeitgeist or something and thinks all the bad aspects of modern capitalism started with reagan .
was n't there an 87 page retort being written ?
yeah beliebers that must be it why have n't i thought of that earlier facepalm
i have made emblem similar to this before just not as beautiful .
then i saw a post in r/gaming and emulated that to the best of my ability
but if they 've already been determined as a traitor the rest of the group together can easily stop them getting anywhere .
hell even if the person in last place is n't a federalist if the rest of the group is content with their placings it is in the rest 's interest to keep the person in last down in last so that the rest can focus on beating the coop bit together without an oursider coming in to threaten their happy group cohesion .
given the dynamic motion of the boat it makes sense they are going with a powered coaster and not a gravity driven design .
i mean the difference is it was his 5th foul like if the player had only had 3 fouls prior to this he would n't have left the game .
you would want to make clouds dense enough to support you then and also somehow magic so then dont fall despite this density
yeah that 's all pretty much implied in the fantasy part .
they lost a previous war 177013 became top all-time post on their sub .
hey i have a prize for an american who does the best in this comp
but sometimes i let my switch run so i was always in the wol menu .
when i go into one of those events i fully commit to getting through the night sober no matter what happens .
most of the pressure i felt was self created but even if someone pushes me i am going to ride it out or run away .
once i start in on those thoughts of how just one might be ok to fit in i have already lost the battle and now i am just negotiating the terms of my failure .
but when i stay focused on riding it out it is so much easier .
and if you ask for a club soda and cranberry ask for a highball glass so they do n't give you a pint glass .
looks the same as an alcoholic drink that way and i blend right in .
great idea for this team take kessel off the top line which was working well have the defense not box out the opposition keep playing dump and chase '' instead of carrying into the zone and put murray back in net .
then you can you can correct all this by firing the coach ! !
how many more times do i need to demonstrate myself before you 'll just admit that i actually contribute more to this sub than you do even with my skepticism ?
the decision to release bruce ellington is getting dumber by the second .
it only occurred to me which was worse when i sat them down together in my comment .
it 's pathetic to see the same type of folks being assholes to anyone they can shout out for decades upon decades though ...
if he genuinely thinks he wont win he wont run .
idk if you can buy them from the guild but i have since found some a small one from a bundle and several normal ones in the skull caverns and crafted an iridium ring anyway .
not a fan of cheating items in since i know myself well enough that i would n't stop with just the one item and it 'd remove a lot of the fun for me personally i do n't have any problem with other people using it .
downvotes prove your point ? ummm no they do n't .
also i better not downvote this guy might prove his point.. please .
i hope you realize how terribly dumb that concept is now .
stand by your post do n't try to build in a failsafe against disagreement .
just so happens many people feel the same way about dice/ea at the moment .
does n't make them a mob nor incapable of having similar opinions regarding shit decision making .
i 've tried to spice things up '' before by buying games toys etc but he 's just sooo vanilla .
he even uses euphemisms when referring to vagina penis sex bj etc lol .
he ca n't even talk about it directly ! !
his awkward senses just skyrocket and he psychs himself out .
we typically only have sex about once a week sometimes more but also sometimes less .
we start trying in jan and i wo n't be temping so i think i 'm going to attempt to have sex every other day during my fertile window .
also high school hockey at least this league at t metroplex high school hockey league requires full cage so punching with no gloves on would be pretty stupid .
if you want to run lab bv can do it just fine .
how many labs do you think you could run in the time it would take you to level and gear the jugg ?
but as mentioned you will probably do better just mapping .
she was sort of meant to highlight the consequences of all her killing always on the run .
plus it also fit into the civilization is coming narrative of the entire game in general .
you ca n't shoot that many people any more .
i recommend typing your question into a search engine in europe .
when was the last time amells oliver was this amazing ?
that feels like an insult to stephen to me ... perhaps i read into it because i have seen a few similar posts where people have gotten rude ...
a new gm should think what would a seasoned gm do '' and then try to do that .
so ... they do n't have to be a seasoned gm they just have to act like one ?
if it acts like a seasoned gm it is a seasoned gm .
why are you making your player roll to climb out of a pit ?
failure does not have to be the end of the adventure even if there 's no crocodiles .
the character is trapped in a pit but we 're not seeing credits roll .
maybe there 's help coming but it 'll be a while and we get to see how well the character survives on rainwater and rats .
maybe there 'll be so much rain that the pit floods .
maybe some other thing will fall into the pit and open up new possibilities .
maybe the player concedes and his enemies find him and capture him .
if he 's going to succeed eventually then just let him take 4 '' on it .
... or succeed at the cost of it takes a lot of time . ''
but if time is not a factor one action represents a very thorough attempt and i take that into account when determining the opposition .
and then we roll to see if that very thorough attempt is successful .
then if the player fails and just says i try again '' i just reply with you fail again .
the botched roll caused the players to conclude that there 's too many of them ! ''
... and then the wizard says wait let me try a clairvoyance spell first . ''
it 's going to be open late 5-9pm the 26th-28th but i think the events with music etc .
how far are you from the access point router ?
if you have an android device try this app https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.farproc.wifi.analyzer hl=en_us to see how good/bad your signal is .
also do n't forget to purchase some form of ear protection .
i have been enjoying some triple flange silicon jobbers with a motorsport specific filter but foam work fine as well i just find them uncomfortable .
i just feel like at the end of this andy kaufman is gon na pull off his trump mask and laugh at us all .
i has the same issue and i hated fortnite for it .
got used to it and blackout is super fun now .
corporate wo n't let the boss have anymore than that .
keeps telling her anymore and her labor will be to high .
thats everyone beside one person getting a full 40 hours .
i 'm too lazy to go back into adobe premiere to edit this to be more accurate to the war feelsbadman
that 's for people who would n't normally get tv coverage out of the normal broadcast zones
on the first heat cycle 12-15 seconds on the rest 5-8 if you start heating right after the cool down click
i think its one of those grey lines and that most gamers would be okay with it .
its like people who put notes on screen memorizing inputs/codes/combinations or looking up a chart to predict something .
some are okay with the stuff others not and it depends how you wan na define it .
no one 's gon na give him excessive grief over though i think .
new player here on the ps .. just wan na say hiiii lol
helping our fellow non corporate citizens is downright unamerican .
everyone talks about a frog living in tom holland 's mouth but what freak of nature is living in paul rudd 's ?
i think toffoli jerked off into an indian burial ground or some shit
it 's a great hamburger and trust me i 'm a cynical asshole
if you are it 's an honor you 're our very own fuckswithducks but with baths instead .
he could have used it as an opportunity to promote diversity and inclusion .
and when it comes to dance robotic is not a compliment .
if a person means sharp or precise that 's the complimentary word to use especially since he treated jimin as the exception .
even ones critical or contemptuous of religion since it helps us to clarify what we believe and why we believe .
pretty fucked up that it 's a thing '' .
it 's bad enough that it is in itself but that they actually pay the billionaire owners for it is sickening to me ...
trust me i know what you mean this reddit page get on to you more about punctuation and act like we 're in an english class room rather than rebuttal what you said but you probably right .
the only way i can see him coming here is just cause he 's played for us before and had success
i feel the same way about the south side !
brisbane is weird in that the city sort of terminates in the middle and there 's never any real incentive to go any further than say south brisbane for northerners or the valley for southerners .
even if you 're heading to the beach the gold coast and sunshine coast are nearly equidistant in terms of travel time sunny coast further away but sweet fa for traffic and once you go north you may as well head to the sunny coast south the gold coast is a better bet .
i 'm not sure what it is about the south side my suspicion is more employment that 's not in the cbd raising property prices by a little bit uq and the 3 hospitals maybe ?
but in general i tend to find equivalently-priced places are bout 5 minutes or so further from the cbd than similar northside places .
if you 're researching property for a ppor there 's a few fantastic resources if you want to get started .
never look at asking prices they 're worthless but the sold map is a great way to get a picture of what you might actually be paying .
for instance someone sold a knock-down shithole on 650 sq metres of land in zillmere for 330k in the last six months not necessarily representative but an idea of what sort of bargains might be there .
secondly get on the bcc flood awareness map https www.brisbane.qld.gov.au/community-safety/community-safety/disasters-emergencies/be-prepared/flooding-brisbane/flood-awareness-map and check out every property that looks unusually cheap .
guarantee you 90 of the super cheap places are in a flood zone .
for instance zillmere is quite decent on the west side of the railway tracks and mad max on the east side .
there are certain hotspots you want to avoid straight up .
so it 's toxic because it 's not helpful and is a negative contribution .
it is in no way helpful and i believe this community wants to be supportive .
i 'm not sure if you just do n't like what i 'm saying or you 're being purposefully obtuse .
i would want to live in rivendell after the ring was destroyed .
i do n't as often as i do n't often visit arcades but i normally give extra ticket i have left to kids has a 100 points or so most of the time
my parents did the same thing i did n't realize that was n't normal .
i live in ohio and it 's playing just fine for me on tnt on youtube tv
it 's not even space ... i like spacex 's lunar pass better
you 're deluded if you think milan was better than olympiakos .
milan went into the game actively trying to time waste from minute 1 and obviously got punished they were absolutely played off the pitch and only held useless possession in the midfield
people need to really understand the difference between cosplay and costume .
she is n't acting out a scene of some sort .
well i 'm starting a stretch of nights tomorrow so i 've got ta stay up tonight boo
nbut i forgot and now i cant find any info on it online the naruto wikia is trash was it just about the 6 paths guy and rinnagen
i ca n't wait for eb to lay a lick on someone .
and she 's been sick for a while you can hear it in her squeal .
she 's usually coughing in jenelle 's ig stories .
so you wrote a function that takes some point in say an x-y coordinate and converts it into a nearest-pixel point and returns that specific led 's id ?
and you did that using trig to find the physical location of each bulb ?
i 'm a software developer with next to no electrical experience it took me two months just to wire two neopixel grids to an arduino .
and i have no idea how to take it past that and i do n't want to become an electrical engineer just to create a giant pixel board .
also i just saw this product that lets you point an app at your christmas lights and it automatically maps their locations in space !
just started a new job in which 4 3 men 1 woman different co-workers asked while getting to know me if i had a girlfriend or wife with heavy emphasis on girlfriend .
my trainer for the day asked if i ever planned on marrying followed swiftly by his sexual escapades of the previous weekend .
no drug will give you something for free there 's always some sort of side effect .
i guess you have to decide if taking the drug is important or worth it enough to deal with the side effects .
i would never have expected a jazzy cover of a nine inch nails song from courtney
do you even know what scarcity in economics means ?
we do n't have enough filet mignon cuts for 7,000,000,000 people .
we do not have enough of a lot of things .
eating filet mignon and having an iphone are counterproductive and unnecessary .
sure it 's one way a very bad immoral way .
but not peaceful '' unless by peace you mean subjugated .
in any case we are discussing capitalism which is not that simple and definitely not peaceful .
it looks like it was done by somebody who loves ia and hates luka .
i 'm hoping they put some villains in wave 3 .
rodgers was 10 wins guaranteed too buddy they literally fired their coach mid season because he was so garbage
that does n't sound like the same place unfortunately .
the price did go down 75 though from the previous year .
i do n't see why netdecking is an issue the decks are available for anyone to see once they have been registered .
however i can certainly see an argument for restricting the use of high-powered decks that are seeing a lot of play .
i get harden is annoying as fuck with his play but it 's a fucking game .
i think if you throw a flash bang into any sort of crowd it 'll make a rave
the itzal archwing is almost a requirement for that node
both look beautiful but the short hair brings more attention to your face and looks so badass
spring break on a south padre island beach texas when i was 19 — certainly my dumbest year on record .
i woke up on a cold hard bench immediately puked all over the floor realized i shared the small cell with 4 other young ladies who were less drunk than me — although equally unamused wearing only a bikini covered with a junior size jail jumpsuit of sorts so it only covered half way down my arms/legs and no memory whatsoever of how i had gotten there .
..or just an azir one with shurima your emperor has returned ''
do you want me to walk you to mcdonalds college so i can explain for you why you shouldnt talk law anymore ?
edit in case you need an explanation that also includes may not have been an intention cause harm .
not sure but i would hope it goes away ... .
i just did them real quick when i saw people were wanting textless versions of them .
i can touch them up and make them look a little better just wanted to get them out there before dinner .
there already a few textless versions of the godzilla poster do n't wan na retread on people 's hard work .
i 'll let my buddies at the border wall to look out for resurrected ice dragons !
i 'm totally not drinking with you guys again today ! !
and trust me i know how shitty rogers is .
edit i should add that i use unblock-us to get around blackouts but looks like their dns have been blocked lol .
imo if you 're talking abt survival group members then definitely sohye .
oh yay that 's great and very nice to backdate the raise .
an please remember rewards are tied to the server client which mean they aren tied to any patch since there no download requirement .
rockstars seems to be ninja adjusting these reward on a daily basis without communicating these changes or their ideas .
if it was just the pic i would have upvoted
um that 's when crews come out to dry-scrape the ice .
not sure what the blue and black dots are but the red ones are your attachments .
the light blue points are where your elastic bands will be
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
titles containing certain characters may cause your post to be removed because i 'm trained to read unicode characters .
many emojis actually look like more than one character to me .
moderators will not approve a post with this removal message so please do n't ask .
instead you can title your post me irl '' or me_irl '' but you are free to try other titles !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
personalized game recommendations can be requested in our daily discussion and game recommendations https www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/search ? q=flair_name 3a 22daily+game+recs 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all sticky thread .
there 's also the need help finding a game https www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/wiki/wsig section in our wiki .
you ca n't determine at any given moment if he 's in the ad 's office for an extension or the speed at which he 's being fired .
yes artillery_power '' artillery combat ability which is multiplicative with the base and is therefore better when artillery do actual damage which is late-game .
there is n't really a clear break point at which it becomes really good although techs 13 16 22 25 and 32 are all significant jumps .
and yes artillery does a marginal amount of damage during the shock phase approximately 5 of what it does in the fire phase exact number depends on tech level .
i always wanted to experience the feeling of being pregnant but never wanted a child .
i always chickened out because of the high likelihood of pregnancy and childbirth fucking up my body and now i 'm too old to do it anyway .
they 're okay with weed so long as they can make 100 of the profit .
uhhh yeah it is one reason the game is fun.. is those clutch wins ... coming out on top 1 vs 3 ... ..
funny now the tragedy for britain is megan an american although i like her
i hate tripping that hard and being in a well lit room like that it bugs me out
i think ndsu has had a rather easy playoff run till now .
can see their luck running out like it did against jmu two years ago .
i do wish i would have the opportunity to visit the city of buffalo in the future ! !
i was in japan just recently and it 's captivating too !
there are still a lot of places in the us that i have n't visited we used to live in nj until i was 5 then our family went back to settle in the philippines .
sad to hear about the tragedy of '77 ' may their souls be at peace .
nonetheless may you be blessed beyond measure for raising your kids well and from a fan standpoint for sharing us this lovely picture !
this looks very polished and great although it just mirrors what 's already available in-game .
if an app like this would have any value for me personally it should give weapon info .
that way i could quickly get answers to questions like how much damage does reaper really deal per shot ?
it pains me to know they struggled so much to the extent of thinking about disbanding ☹️
you have literally zero evidence of that but you do n't seem very reasonable so maybe you do n't care about evidence .
a thorough investigation would show that you are incorrect .
dv man it 's the best winter option for those with no snow/mountaineer experience look up the corkscrew peak hike out there short one ... but it 's an ass kicker for damn sure .
he 's watching o alto da compadecida.. a terrible brazilian movie in my opinion that most brazilians love for no reason at all .
no but some of the stuff i hear about what she did during the show like helping the borg assimilate species 8472 by giving them weapons to destroy them .
when i clean my base i pour vinegar and rice to clean it .
few years ago i always packed my bowls really fluffy .
as i got older i started to dense pack my bowls and it changed nothing .
me and my friends re-utilize the packing foil if we 're going to pack the same tobacco .
neon belly started because someone misheard their coach talking about knee on belly and came here to ask about what their coach meant .
roughly how do those equate to stripes in bjj ?
let 's just hope that ingram does n't explode this week lol
below is a map showing the levels of consanguinity in the world as can be seen many muslim majority countries appear to have very high levels of consanguinity likely attributed to the continuous intergenerational practice of cousin marriages ...
... high enough for some muslim majority countries to take action https www.dawn.com/news/707896/young-arabs-question-centuries-old-tradition-of-cousin-marriages .
you will be receiving information from me in the near future !
yeah i 'm thinking op thinks this is all of the ghosts promo or something .
got her snap but idk how to post the picture of her response sorry .
these fans have their heads so far up jason garretts ass they can smell jerry 's cum
you guys are why cowboys fans are the most hated around the us
badda-bing badda-bang was a bit of a wayward episode on the whole it 's a bit naff but there was one of the most trek '' conversations of the whole franchise and he was on the receiving end of it and i think he played it well ...
sisko you want to know ... you really want to know what my problem is ?
i 'll tell you las vegas 1962 that 's my problem .
in 1962 black people were n't very welcome there .
oh sure they could be performers or janitors but customers ?
kasidy maybe that 's the way it was in the real vegas but that is not the way it is at vic 's .
i have never felt uncomfortable there and neither has jake .
in 1962 the civil rights movement was still in its infancy .
it was n't an easy time for our people and i 'm not going to pretend that it was .
kasidy baby i know that vic 's is n't a totally accurate representation of the way things were but ... it is n't meant to be .
it shows us the way things could 've been the way they should 've been .
sisko we can not ignore the truth about the past .
kasidy going to vic 's is n't going to make us forget who we are or where we came from .
what it does is reminds us that we are no longer bound by any limitations except the ones we impose on ourselves .
i hope we get more than one patch this time .
players taking longer to die does n't mean they don't die .
i 'm still doing well not as good as you but the gameplay feels like shit .
that and the ttd problem not actually being fixed .
please post your question as a comment in the official questions thread stickied at the top of the subreddit .
before posting please check our extensive faq http www.reddit.com/r/photography/wiki/index your question may already have been answered !
reddit uses '' as a make this text really big and bold '' button so
yes it is but i still have no immediate concept like i have with familiar units .
if i hear 150 cm i immediately have an idea on how long that is in the real world .
if someone says 4'11 '' i have to roughly calculate first because it could be anything from the size of a dog to a house .
it 's literally the first game in the series you can download it fully here https elderscrolls.bethesda.net/en/arena
bro j-lo in a maid outfit is the only reason i 've seen that movie ... . a few times .
the black suit will probably be part of the plot .
i guarantee both the far from home suits will be in there .
i really wanted to see ben reilley 's suit though .
people always say i 'm too skinny and think i 'm around 170-180 .
i 'm 6'-5 '' though so i guess it can be hard to guess my weight .
the managers loved me when i worked my first retail job and all i did was show up and do the job .
i quicky realised that other workers around my age 18-22 would consistently show up late and complain about doing the job they were specifically paid to do .
they always acted like they were entitled to more when they did n't even do what they were supposed to .
i remember one girl 's reason for not coming in was because she did n't have enough energy to go to work and go to the work christmas party which was being held the evening she was supposed to be working .
it has been nearly 6 years and i still ca n't get over how she thought this was a reasonable excuse .
i used to buy loads of skins and characters but since 2.0 i have bought yrel and ... that 's it .
the way they changed the monetisation did n't appeal to me at all .
i used to love the fact heroes was one of the only games you could see a flat price in actual money for something .
i get incredibly frustrated every time i play enter the gungeon yet i keep coming back .
it 's not magnetism but rather the manipulation of matter .
he is strongest with metals by far but he can exert telepathy on non-metallic matter as well .
also we do n't often see telekinesis used to crush someone 's body .
typically a telekinetic will throw things crush matter around someone or something similar .
this may be because living matter is more difficult to manipulate .
pedestrians walking into the street without looking getting annoyed other people exist .
edit yeah reddit seems to want to renumber bullet points !
i sympathize with people who find themselves in a job they dont like that isnt rewarding .
i know this sub will argue that its their fault for picking that job or not applying themselves and getting a new job .
the reality is some people dont have the luxury to do that .
they get stuck in a pointless job and thus get disillusioned with the idea of capitalism .
doesnt make them right but i do feel for them .
branson may work many many hours a week but its different than working 40 hours at a shitty job
i hope you 're intending to pay for what you 're asking .
absolutely agree and hope that the devs can find a solution .
i occasionally would play on the mega server just to remind myself how shit it was so i 'm extremely lucky i missed accidentally getting a christmas gift '' .
as soon as i saw the posts appearing here i avoided it like the plague although i have to be honest i was tempted to take the cheat on offer .
even tho i 'm only lvl 72 how the hell some of you have multiple thousand hours i do n't know !
hopefully the devs can deploy some sort of server token system or something to prevent the twat starting a new server/account combo .
if you are visiting r/tattoos for the first time or visiting from r/all please be aware of all of the rules in the sidebar and stickied threads before posting .
common issues that will get you banned are any comments on personal appearance any discussion about pricing of any kind aftercare/medical advice or questions and trolling .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattoos if you have any questions or concerns .
exactly i had raul 88 and when ever i tried to take a finesse shot with him he would go for a outside of the foot shoot even tho he was perfectly positioned for a finesse
hey i 'm definitely asian looking and half asian in blood lol .
if you dont hit it long enough you wont get it all but i hit it ten seconds straight .
sometimes there 's residue or a small amount for a second hit but i always breakthrough and at least 45 mgs are vaporized in one hit most of the time .
i 'm sure a hot rail would work amazingly but my method has me plenty satisfied .
also hot rails seem a bit complicated to me .
what bothers me more is that he just fuking dribbles at the top of the key for 20 seconds every god damn time every game its shouldnt even be a surprise the rockets are losing games theyre offense is stale af while everyone else is adapting
they have a long and illustrious history of enslaving humans and wiping out indigenous people
do n't single out spain like they were an exception .
well it is winter season in mumbai while it is summer in perth so somewhat expected .
well anthony green also played here with circa survive by in july
price is negotiable and shipping to us is free !
wore them out once condition would be vnds except for the slight scuff on the right heel .
we could just leave flash cards all over the office with various different images on them as a cost saving measure .
some could have a man wearing a high vis with a frown on him if they are looking for employment and the other one could be a stack money if they want the dole .
i 'm on stage horndog and hearing the grass grow outside .
first boof ever and rails since i fucked up my last rig .
have n't done anything but iv in a long time .
michigan wants us to pay for it so they 're out even though it affects them a lot .
the article that gives the 780 million figure i referenced says exactly that .
it 's probably going to be up to us especially since michigan ca n't even pay for clean water for flint .
indiana is also not very rich so they wo n't be able to contribute much .
it will likely be up to wisconsin and us .
i do n't mind paying a bit more in taxes to help but not until we 're back on track .
i would think that it is a positive thing that a transgender person is publicly displaying their reverence for a catholic symbol .
your reddit account must be older than 2 weeks before you can post .
you can repost this when your account is old enough .
if you need help with python see r/learnpython or r/learnprogramming .
reposting this under a different account before 2 weeks risks getting both accounts banned as well as domains in the post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/python if you have any questions or concerns .
i remember the ice mage but do n't remember a dragon being mentioned .
but that would make white dragons the most common one vm fought .
your submission has been removed because why some people are a certain way is influenced by one or more factors genetics upbringing personal experience training interest and opportunities .
why we do say or experience a certain thing is a question better suited for r/answers r/nostupidquestions or r/askreddit
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/a632eo/eli5_why_do_we_look_tired_after_not_getting 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0alink to a search you performed 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
so what are the chances of luna snow event battle or whatever it is called ?
one can say that bush 's painting are accurate .
although i was so dedicated to fpv mode that i was inside the airplane an evektor sportstar from sunshine flyers at the auburn airport .
up tilt is a kill move as well as bair .
ftilt is also a kill move near the edge of the stage .
do n't side b unless you 'll land on stage ...
there 's definitely some resentment especially outside of southern england .
at the end of the day it would cost more money to get rid of the royals than it would to keep them since you ca n't exactly just tell the queen to get out of buckingham palace and make way for the president of the united republic of great britain it 's her ancestral property afterall .
so we 'd need to build a whole new presidential palace and a new presidential staff royal staff tend to be extremely pro-monarchy for obvious reasons so they 're not going to up sticks and work for the president intstead and have even more pointless and divisive elections all so that we can have an elected person to cut ribbons on new hospitals instead of an unelected one .
you ca n't know what all women are thinking .
for me i find that it 's comforting because it 's just what i 'm used to .
i often do this with rose jam and lom !
yeah for every fun/enjoyable post i see i see another two filled with misinformation mostly due to being in a bubble as you said or over-the-top cynicism .
not a great way to spend my free time when i just end up getting annoyed and feel the need to correct the record
that 's actually why i like this sub a lot it 's usually really light-hearted and mostly about the music .
unfortunately when drama starts we start getting visits from our unfriendly neighbours
edit：the fan may refer to any equipment that uses wind literally translating to wind machine '' .
a type of air blowing machine is possible too depending on what the purpose is
if you sleep till noon then you also wo n't wake up tired in the morning .
haha it 's like playing volleyball by yourself with 3 other people watching .
i recognize that figure from set 1584 knights challenge '' from the lion knights line which i had as a kid except the hat was red https www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page ? s=1584-1
doing some inventory sleuthing from there on bricklink there was only one set also in the lion knights line with that white cone hat 6023 maiden 's cart '' https www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page ? s=6023-1
if people like you are the majority in america y'all are truly lost .
that 's what we do with fish at the local lake .
if we get a lot we get the extras and hand them to people who are looking to fill their fridge .
i was playing and all the sudden it hit me regarding the silver hand i have to give this up ? ''
then i do n't want to give this up . ''
i logged out and have n't logged back in since .
my armory will forever show me with the silver hand .
i wonder if i can get a refund for bfa .
they will work but guarding ability with gs will always be subpar .
also super important blocking with a gs absolutely trashes your sharpness .
never heard of this so i did a google search and learned a bunch of new things .
ok song although it does n't really go anywhere .
learned that people have taken this fact and created a meme out of it for something far larger .
but i guess that 's what a meme is right ?
the internet may not be a perfect universe to replace the traditional community but it sure is fun hopping around to discover so many new things .
although the bits about newars being the most diverse looking and incredibly beautiful sounded a bit forced .
perhaps a newari wife sitting next to him while writing the answer p
i would love to get paid to get vaccinated but that 's my 21 yo self talking .
it would be a luxury bath not a bathroom with a toilet just a bath .
walk-in steam shower with built in benches and a rainfall shower head .
plenty of good smelling bath gels shampoo and lotions .
she probably did n't want to continue things but her body could n't process telling you that and so she became overwhelmed and saying nothing was the only option .
all you can do is what you 've been doing being honest and taking rejection well .
you move on from this by giving yourself plenty of self love .
keep your self esteem high and know that you are awesome .
awww this has been a great way to start my morning !
bear is an amazing doggo i hope you two have many years of happiness together ♥️
no are there people like that yes but to judge a whole party based on generalizations is wrong to do and is in itself bigoted .
just as it was wrong to classify republicans the same way .
sucky people come from everywhere but if you want to judge a party judge them by their core .
libertarians at the core want minimum government interference and would want their rights to not be infringed on by the government who serves the people .
that 's is basically it they do n't have some large platform it can all be reduced to you do you just do n't infringe on anybody 's right to live their life
and there isnt anything in the store in challenges that i want .
how long does it take you to twist them ?
basically if they use force or violence like pulling a baton or using handcuffs then they record it .
if they just shout at someone to stop then it is n't .
your submission has been removed as we only allow link posts to be hosted on imgur.com or via the reddit upload site .
if you believe this is a mistake please contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/recipes if you have any questions or concerns .
oh i was just kidding haha khabib vs. al was a horrible and boring fight it was not at all better .
holloway 's corpse could 've put up a better fight .
but that being said khabib not being able to finish him speaks volumes .
they could change the deal without completely throwing it out when it comes time to renew it .
the se was a budget phone and it sold well .
i 'm in asia and a lot of people here use the se because it is a small for our asian hands and b cheap .
well i had posteded the article before so i did n't want to just repost the whole thing .
in general mythology and religion have a lot of thematic parables concerning how the divine or astrological could never be reached without a price recall the story of icarus and how his wings brought his son too close to the sun and so he burned up .
wow i should name mine but she is smaller then that about the size of a grape i am glad my post could bring you comfort .
i hope you get really good news on sunday !
that 'd be cool but it wo n't be fixed in a week .
you guys will get to experience this stuff too just a little less time .
i have kids and if they have an accident or get sick on themselves the clothes go straight in the trash .
i understand this is completely wasteful but i would be throwing up while cleaning them so in the trash they go .
so anyone else confused with the picture and the title talking about nursing for two and a half years ?
i went for the first time last month for the tasting menu and was expecting to be blown away .
thought it was solid but not amazing based on the previous stuff i 've heard about it .
i supposed they did n't want to show the 'negative effects ' of alcohol lol ... far cry from the early days of bb .
it also left a huge gap in the edited episodes in terms of context .
probably greatly disturbed by the polling in the last election .
even 9 months is still too early to say whether your hair will fill in .
there are a few things wrong that are pretty big but it 's all compounded by the fact that legion was an awesome xpac .
azerite gear is a broken system and needs to go .
the current raid tier has gone on for way too long .
the warfrints are cool but feel pointless and cant be grouped with friends which makes it completely antisocial .
the expeditions completely suck and are a cool idea but lack a punch .
that 's pretty much me summing up a few major issues .
i do n't think thats correct in regards to the dbs check i believe there 's a way around that .
i do n't remember it exactly but at my last visit to the gic i remember being told something about a service that intercepts dbs requests or something along those lines .
pretty sure he admitted this was nothing more than a visit
these comments mean more to me than i could ever explain .
i am so thankful surfing helps you and i want to build this community bigger to help as many people as i can .
send me a pm let 's keep in touch !
i do n't blame them for crossing and trying to better their lives .
they 're neat and all hell i own 3 of them but they 're just not worth it outside of super casual games .
they do n't benefit from any of our special rules and you do n't really need the mobility since you can easily get it via teleportarium .
i 'm not a fan of black shields personally but ymmv .
they do give your squad the ability to heroically intervene which is nice .
but you do n't get a choice which is awful .
the extra attack is handy but veterans are n't really going to be assault-first units anyway .
you 're probably better off going more shooting and survivability-focused .
frag cannons are overcosted as hell and do n't do nearly enough to warrant being one of the most expensive things you can take in a veteran squad .
you still get some damage 2 shots in there if you wan na overcharge and you still get access to special ammo if you want it .
plus combi-plasma just got a points reduction in chapter approved .
grenade launcher in your intercessor squads now since they 're 0 points .
unless you 're packing 2 battalions you 're going to be cp-starved playing deathwatch with knight backup .
you may want to take a look at the loyal 32 or just putting a cheapo battalion together .
i would recommend the start collecting box kill team cassius if you can get one the primaris interdiction force and a bunch of the various upgrade packs snag a bunch of deathwatch and maybe 1-2 each of ultramarines blood angels space wolves dark angels and imperial fists when that one comes out .
very cool of you do not need just want to wish you a happy holidays and thanks for spreading some cheer !
no one has sacrificed as much as this man has for our franchise .
he even had offers from other teams that would have paid him close to 10 million more during the 2010 offseason but took the pay cut for the sake of the team .
10m is a huge difference for a non all-star player .
i honestly feel like if his 40 wo n't be retired in the future then i 'll be disappointed .
i ca n't imagine any other player being 40 for us
a way out is a great co-op game probably even better if you 're gay .
im pointing out you left a lot of important data out that should change perceptions .
the us says if you 've worked 1 hour in a month you do n't get counted .
also the french have a very high percentage who engage in post secondary education which the french counts as unemployed .
it was a free offer and i 'd con my way into free drinks 3
75.1 career war beats both ryne sandberg and roberto alomar .
does n't have any eye-popping numbers but was remarkably consistent and had better than a 120 ops each of his last 5 seasons .
i got a little sleeve type thing purposely made to be able to take your smart phone underwater .
it can be fiddly with the touch screen underwater but you get around it .
its also quite nerve wracking throwing your phone in and seeing little air bubbles .
def a few 'holy shit what have i done ' moments !
lol wtf does she have to do with me criticizing corporatist neo-lib dems ?
if she is n't one she is n't one .
she was n't one of the 25/30 dems to take superpac new dems cash as a legal bribe .
my comment is shitting on the establishment dems not literally all dems ''
i had read on here a while back that it did n't apply the bonus to traps placed in storm shields before you join is that true ?
they shit talk but they all come running when the snow falls or they need a job .
the police came to my house to tell me that he had a accident at work .
when i found out that he was living in the neighborhood i contacted his landlord and he told me he had a cat .
he said he would call animal control that 's when i decided to take her under my care .
animal control trapper her in a cage because nobody could find her and brought her to me .
she was so anxious she would try to jump trough the glass window .
i gave her her own room in the house her own safe place and for 3 weeks i would read from a book to her to get familiair to my voice first outside of the room and little by little in the room .
after a month she finally had the courage to leave the room .
now she is my sister and best friend and could n't live without her .
i booked through them for valencia this year last november and it was pretty smooth experience to be honest .
could be fine but why not speak to them if you have concerns ?
i sent them an email once and they responded pretty quickly .
it 's a lesson he wo n't remember for the rest of his life .
when they launched their store it was 30 like steam i guess this is to compete with epic store and its 12
without these alternative services steam would have no incentive to change .
yeah i definitely agree that is not ok. like the door should be locked and the guns should all have trigger locks .
the ammunition should also be stored in a separate area in a lock box .
i 'm supposed to believe the idiot who would n't even make eye contact with nathan after talking shit told the secret service to get the fuck off his property ?
the rule has always been pretty much no games that are concentrated around the nudity/explicit sexuality are allowed .
otherwise its completely fine but it 's still recommended to avoid parts if possible but you will not get banned as long as you are n't playing a game from that list .
there are very few cases of bans by this rule over the years most of them being people playing with explicit adult mods or playing a banned game .
also to make note that you might get into trouble if you keep repeating these naked scenes or showcasing naked features of a game for a extended amounts of time on purpose .
my appearance was n't shown i know the difference and it 's close enough
just radio live sets wfmu and vpro the rest comes from youtube
neoliberalism is considered rightwing in any other country but not here because of our brutally right overton window
tv status finished episodes 12 genres comedy slice of life
scott is unable to use you 're too and still has the nerve to call you stupid
i do n't know where they got this new number from and do n't know what to do .
i was reassessed by the cra for a tax return from a few years prior and it turned out the company i had worked for was audited and then claimed to have paid me more than they did .
i had to show the cra several years of bank statements and copies of cashed cheques that my bank had on file but in the end they determined my previous employer had lied to them .
my husband insists that i lost a 1000 chip in vegas once .
ahh sorry well i got a 10th grade lvl in reading .
so i got ta take basic adult education classes before my ged classes .
it 's not the place i wanted to started .
but none the less it 's a step towards the right direction 😁
what happened to lemar why is he not in the squad list for tomorrow ?
to understand who the sheriff is you need to see episode 10
i 'm not sure i understand how having advanced fitness is more moral .
it does n't further reduce your need from others nor does it mean you can help others better does it ?
the final just ended and we 're getting right into the next one ?
i been testing all the drivers in a gtx 1060 6gb and the fastest driver was the 417.22 but it would be different with another gpu but in the gtx 1060 the fastest is the 417.22 but idk if the new one is better .
there 's no excuse for being dumb and gullible in a world filled with easily accessible information .
i would argue its perfectly ok to troll dumb people in the same way its ok to shame climate change deniers and conspiracy theorists
when you rub your eyes too hard and get teleported to space
i think they 'd found most of the online success in elder scrolls online and wanted to try it out with fallout .
i would n't mind if fallout was done after this fallout 3 and fallout 4 were almost identical in main story which meant i was n't too impressed with f4 .
i ca n't wait to see the new elder scrolls game though i fell in love with skyrim so i 'm glad there 's something new to come in the future in the same universe .
however your post has been removed for the following reason
awesome review however we 'd prefer that you post your review and vlog to our sister subreddit r/anxietyblogs .
if you have any questions please send us a message
stay naked all day and infuse some high dose coco butter .
then glaze your muff*in heavily rub it in real good spend the rest of the day master bating with it .
make sure to reapply copious amounts to keep that pussy saucy hot and quivering while denying yourself orgasm .
post pics of before application and every stage of arousal after during masterbation .
like a before/after shots of your mound as you get increasingly revved up and creamy .
work yourself up to a quivering desperate and frothy mess without release until your husband gets home .
when he does greet him like the cock desperate goddess you 'll be by then and beg him for permission to gobble his cock before the door even shuts all the way like cum is the cure to all lifes problems .
after hungrily gulping every last drop throw him down and sit on his face until you 've sucked him back to life .
then scoot into reverse cowgirl and scrump pump and grind with the despiration of a starving nympho who is working for their first meal in days .
after finishing stay inside each other until falling asleep for a nap .
again snap periodic pics of the whole experience to post as updates in this thread or a new one after editing this one with links to that new one .
shameik moore on making history as first biracial 'spider-man ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=aciujh3n4ng not a podcast but this interview is decent .
still like him but that turned me off of him a bit
definitely an option one that would be vice to have good indication of business hours lol
we do n't even have a dog we just have them for visiting pups .
oh damn these mother fuckers have glass jars for shit they do n't even use ! ''
thankfully they ca n't do that for very long .
they might make it a few dozen meters but their skin is basically heavy armor and if they spend too much energy on any task like running they risk dying .
the name of the game for crocs and alligators is energy .
they do n't want to spend precious energy on doing sprints maybe if they 're starved and an animal is nearby .
arizona voter though i 've lived in canada for over 15 years now .
until this election my vote did n't seem to matter .
i 'm here to say there 's hope for change .
zwingo 's comment is correct more solid than actual gold let alone reddit gold .
if any comment deserves gold it is zwingo 's !
you ca n't leave single parents out of the countdown .
hallmark has more dead parents in their christmas movies than disney has in their entire catalog .
no again you are incorrect once again making huge assumptions and calling names when someone disagrees with you .
you 've shown yourself to be the partisan hack .
if clinton had gotten like 50,000 more voters in the right states you would n't be saying this .
the only reason you 're saying it 's obvious is because of what happened now .
it was definitely not obvious under obama that things would deteriorate .
things looked pretty good actually the hate was being gradually chipped away .
did n't even occur to me that this might a problem for audiences .
i must be completely de-sensitized to violence from years of movies ...
on one hand ya not wrong on the other though it 's pretty obvious
it is n't explicitly stated but it definitely works now .
me too and it could yell nice things as you all day .
that 's what they literally use against gay people .
that 's what lgbt activists say is what 's being used against them .
they 've noted that while before christianity/missionaries came it was n't great it was n't as bad as it currently is .
think of the craziest of the crazy evangelicals who go over there to setup churches and propagandize .
ugandan lawmakers took their authority '' from christianity in trying to enact the law/defend it .
i am checking stats monthly on a website of the national hydrometeorological institute data shows we are past 1.5 already .
and you do n't need any statistics just look aside the screen everything is dying ...
j j while massive indeed is certainly not a monopoly in the pharmaceutical industry .
this is my answer basically trying to get the most value out of each play
im not hear for prizes but wanted to thank op anyways for being generous and kind .
what is the over/under on rh being on fire ?
seems like the ceo is doing his best job to fan the flames .
major tech snafu one day and rolling out checking/savings next day ceo of sipc saying that rh has never consulted with them about checking/savings and that currently sipc would n't insure it .
i like to stretch them across my face like a surgical mask when i 'm down there
go for replaceable parts to build your own reconfigurable still like this
yes it sounds like you just have a natural low tolerance to psychedelics ... a light weight '' like me ! 😉 lol ... take it as a blessing .
there is nothing better than being a light weight with psychedelics ... as long as you know your a light weight and know your limits .
the only way to handle situations like this is to file a police report and press charges !
used to use an xbox one controller recently switched to ps4 controller since it just felt better in my hand and it 's more compact .
really it 's just personal preference does n't really make a difference
you have until 12/15 01:11 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20181215t181157 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the austin peay 25 .
u/teachajim reply with run or pass and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag thread '' 20 '' a5jlhp '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play ''
haha if anybody wants me to ship one i 'll give it a shot .
i bought a gotcha from them directly and i 've never had a problem with it connecting to my s8 so i 'm not really sure if my phone is just special or if i 'm doing things a certain way that helps or what .
i personally blame the war on christmas for all the christmas stuff going away shortly after december 25th .
the ndp and the libs can stay home while they push it through .
they do n't need them to pass the vote .
i play on console so there 's little i can do .
... ... ..because said previous capitalist society had been proved to be shit necessitating wholesale ideological change .
i did n't see this until now and thank you so much for sharing it .
your original and this sheet are different but this spread combined with what i 've shared are the two tools that will really help team building .
good bring it back as ltm or make it not op .
beating florida is n't the difference between making the playoffs or not making the playoffs .
with an aac conference schedule ucf is ineligible for the playoffs in their current format .
my friend said something about him having slight movement strange scenario when the shot was fired .
i 'm sure they will make up for it in future tournaments .
i almost forgot about how bad the blitz tournament is with all this freeze stuff going on .
i was actually kind of relieved to lose all my attempts and be done with it .
whether or not i believe the new ttk is good or bad i do believe it was done in nearly the most haphazard way possible .
i remain unconvinced it was the correct move needed to improve whatever internal metrics they 're basing decisions on and it just makes more problems .
other than ethics belief in god s and view of free will are there any other philosophical topics that demand study by the average bloke ?
i did n't know michael dickson was on the eagles now .
i really liked that recap they did highlighting all the key moments of 2018 .
considering how many what have i missed '' threads popping up i feel like watching that video would help people catch up pretty quickly .
dom better than silk if u can invest properly into her .
not sure about requimroar tbh lol.. i know she is good but idk how to use her but angelica is really good
ackshually it was until the wilshire grand center in la last year .
just return it if it does n't arrive in a condition you 're satisfied with .
i still have my big box from the wii u special bundle .
it seems it comes down to the isostearyl alcohol and diisostearyl malate which can be animal or plant origin according to doublecheckvegan .
it sucks that it is n't standard to identify which .
i come across this problem with the stear ingredients in food too .
just bring in burns or warner when he 's back and put finch in handscomb 's spot
feel free to nerd out or ask questions about the novel .
i got em collecting dust on the shelf looking for an excuse to reread some parts .
i 'm a huge fan of brutalist architecture but there are poor examples .
however a lot of people dont necessarily have the appreciation for it so they tend to think its ugly and oppressive .
if this is your first post please be sure to check out our rules in the subreddit sidebar .
• if you are posting a look haul or flatlay please be sure to include a product list complete with shade names within 20 minutes of posting .
• also please ensure your pictures are not edited or filtered .
this includes automatic beauty modes found on many phones and newer cameras .
• take a moment to familiarize yourself with our rules on self-promotion .
• lastly our helpful guides for navigating mua https www.reddit.com/r/makeupaddiction/wiki/helpfulguides in the sidebar explains some of the basics of the community as well as commonly misinterpreted rules .
before you make a post search with reddit 's search feature or use this handy customised google search .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makeupaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
a handful of years ago it was 1000 cad twice a year .
do n't make me apologize for your own clunky sentence structure .
i 'm not over here saying do n't make me apologize for your own terrible reading comprehension skills . ''
why you got ta pick on my dang sentences man ?
it 's okay sentences he did n't mean it .
anyways i just thought it was interesting that while i fully agreed with the post and cognitively i knew it was right it just did n't feel right .
kinda like how you know non-venomous spiders wont hurt you but you 're still scared of them ...
honestly i see posts daily from this sub that apply to america and then i just dont understand the point
wtb benchmade folding adamas tan g10 handle plain edge will not consider a serrated blade
over the past couple days i 've received notices from charter/spectrum .
did n't change since last time this was asked 16 hours ago .
it 's definitely cool you gave the game a lot of respect by making this
just because you do n't have the funds to buy whatever you want in game does n't mean other people do n't .
also if i 'm so terrible with money i would n't have everything in the game and still have hundreds of millions .
you 're talking about any old school style chargeable seltzer bottle with a trigger ?
op are you excited to see trump 's tax returns this year ?
dead letter circus is a five-piece music group from brisbane queensland australia .
their music style is a combination of melodic alternative rock and indie rock with alternative metal and progressive rock influences .
major influences of the band include faith no more muse the mars volta radiohead u2 cog deftones tomahawk massive attack shihad the butterfly effect portishead karnivool and at the drive-in .
formed in 2005 dead letter circus released one self-titled ep in 2007 .
they have performed at festivals such as the big day out the come together music festival in sydney and the over-cranked music festival in brisbane .
they have performed with a number of bands some of these include tool cog karnivool the butterfly effect chevelle and helmet .
they also tour australia extensively on their own headline tours .
on the 1st of november 2008 they released a second ep/single entitled next in line .
next in line featured three tracks two of which were included on the band 's debut studio album this is the warning in 2010 .
the band have released four singles from the album the space on the wall '' big '' one step '' and cage '' .
this is the warning has gained the band national and international acclaim .
during 2012 rob maric announced that he was leaving the band for personal reasons .
august 9 2013 saw the release of the band 's second album the catalyst fire .
i would say babylonia is slightly easier than camelot in that anything that 's actually hard can be soloed with a good support and there are less gimmick enemies like those in camelot
though i will say right now if you do n't have friends with high level assassins and sabers you may want to get some there a ton of beefy rider/lancer common mobs in a lot of the nodes .
the only thing is that you may need to command seal through some problematic nodes and you only have a limited number of them .
if you ca n't rush in time to get that 30 sq/raid event then it 's not really worth it at all .
4 yrs in not much past 12.50 but make my own hrs
they both had very strong attachments to their clones during the clone wars
i really wanted to get some but the note i got from her was n't enough to get the cvs pharmacist to give me a prescription .
on the bright side i bought a pack of gum while i was there and now i have enough paper to offer you to clean up the ignorance you 're spewing ...
i 'll get it mailed over to you on the double !
here 's my channel also if you want to sub https www.youtube.com/c/ninjatalks https www.youtube.com/c/ninjatalks
i 'm new here so let me know if my offer is out of line
pretty sure i have one of the last sony crt tv 's made sitting in my basement .
has n't been plugged in for a while but it should work just fine .
i can send you the model number if you like .
come pick it up and it 's yours for nothing
sorry worded it wrong i meant overpriced actually underpowered too i mean juggernaut is way cheaper than and gives as much ceramic damage as the extra moab damage is nice but it there are also better options and a buff to pierce would be nice .
£16,000 in savings plus 2.5 times the shortfall bellow the £18,600 cutoff .
someone earning £14000 a year would need £25,200 in cash savings .
dad drops it in the account on a second charge then gets it back pays down the charge ...
i do n't see anything wrong with his/her post .
its not advocating hurting or hating anyone its just like a peice of mental inteior conciousness .
are you trying to tell us that you do n't poop ?
it kinda looks like they added the fake exhaust tips so they could have supporting legs when the back was opened .
he threatened obama not to do anything about it or else .
for anybody who 's really interested in a modern '' view of heaven cs lewis wrote some interesting things .
i 'm not a believer in any god or heaven myself .
yeah she was only with us a little over 8 years before cancer completely took over .
she was a good dog ... my only regret is that i 'm really not much of a dog person and i feel like i failed her as a kid growing up with a dog that i did n't know what to do with .
👀👀 are you singing into a dildo in the second image hahaha
lotta people love this but it 's really not funny to me .
fuck did i just kill someone i feel terrible and my life is fucked '' is just the wrong kind of scare .
plus this makes businesses less willing to have fun with people around halloween for fear of opening themselves up to lawsuits .
unfortunately your comment has been removed as your account is not old enough or active enough to participate .
if you have any questions about this feel free to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fappleswap us .
do n't work at nasa but just one nascar fan janitor and he was a danica fan and stopped watching when she quit lol
it 's just that it 's a requirement for games released on gog .
whomever it is it needs to be someone in nyc .
i hate listening to podcasts with differing audio done over crappy cell phone signals .
make sure you get really close try to take a selfie !
saw this happen as medics were trying to get through a crowd to get to a shooting victim ...
really wanted to punch a mother fucker for that one
thing is if the trousers are tight enough to stay put without a belt while standing they will squeeze the shite out of you while sitting .
so i buy pants that need a belt while standing but i can loosen the belt while sitting for long periods of time .
loosening your belt while in school or the office or around other people is quite embarrassing though .
it looks silly so i tend to just be squeezed and uncomfortable and suffer through it .
because a second post is going to yield different results .
get off the apps and go to the multiple bars/clubs and see what you find .
i 'm sure they 'd be able to skate around it by saying something to the effect of either everyone celebrates differently so buying the switch version can be subjectively celebrating the promo even if you cant participate.
or the description never claimed to have the promo just to buy x version to celebrate the promo . ''
just to make sure you 're waiting in several days right ?
takes 4-6 business days before groceries pop up as 4x on my gold .
i actually used to sell coasters with my designs on them !
the first couple batches sold out and i just have n't gotten around to making more .
send them screenshots of what you 've done before you 're about to take a proper break and then inform them that you 're taking a break now
while i understand that screenshots are a privacy intrusion et cetera i was hoping for a solution .
much like the ouja board which is simply a board game many dumbasses over the years have believed the necromicon to be more than it is .
shhhh we 're try to perpetuate the myth that only kids play battle royale
she 'll love the kitchen aid artisan 5 quart tilt back stand mixer .
it comes with a stainless steel bowl and you can buy a glass bowl too .
get it now it 's a big seller during xmas .
there 's no need for a bread maker when you have a kitchen aid mixer because it comes with a kneading hook which essentially does all the work for you .
unfortunately there are those who refuse to follow these rules .
it 's not worth it to get angry about stupid shit over the internet and then write out an epic tome that maybe a dozen people will read .
once it hits the mainstream and is on the news people who love it start bitching .
like any self respecting woman wants to settle down with a dude whose penis is whittled down to a nub from overuse ?
late to the game here but 100 bleached rift and quarter sawn white oak with a water base finish .
my boo almost every time i talk about shit some men do that i think is fucked up/hurtful .
he thinks i talk about men negatively and think all men are like whatever i 'm saying .
i 'm trying to work on thinking things through before they say them and making sure i 'm more considerate but also i feel like holy crap can you please pay attention to context and assume a little bit of good faith ?
the other day i said something about an assigned partner in one of my math classes and how he told me i was having trouble with something because women are bad at visualizing math thing we were doing .
i then said something like that 's the shitty thing about being in classes that are 90 men it makes them feel like it 's okay to say and they can get away with saying things like that .
i 'm not saying and do n't think most men do that crap or that the men who do are horrible people or anything .
i think being in a super-majority demographic like that makes it easy for people to feel superior the circumstances are a breeding ground for sexist behaviour to go unchecked because there are n't enough women around to call them out on it and for them to see that women are n't inherently worse at what they 're doing .
it feels really shitty to not be take seriously by your classmates because of your sex and i think the lack of representation of women in and of itself works to perpetuate sexism in male-dominated settings .
i talk about bigger picture fairness a lot and speculate on cause and effect about both things that affect me and things that do n't and he does a bit too .
i do n't criticize him when he does n't go overboard explaining how he does n't think all police officers are inherently bad every time he talks about systemic problems with our police force or about profiling or how he 's been profiled i know he does n't think that and that he 's not a hateful person .
so it kinda feels like bullshit that he expects me to do that .
i get it he 's a man and that makes him more sensitive to criticism about the negative things i say i think it 's fucked up that some men do .
op i 'm dealing with something similar and idk what to do anymore .
for a film that grossed so much can you see it having any effect on the culture ?
and as we all know christmas starts on 2nd november .
unfortunately they only stole 25m those bitches might get off with no time or just a few years cause they rich ... and white .
a guy holding up a gas station for 200 might get more time ... especially if he 's a minority .
you have a right to do you what you want in the game there 's no rules of not camping if it wins you the game then so you should n't be worried its actually just hilarious to watch survivors rage
no sorry to be unclear i meant if there were signs of unhappiness in the mp from the clp .
i do n't know anything about hoey 's situation but something similar happened with frank field when he sided with the government in a very tight vote
https myanimelist.net/anime/37349/goblin\_slayer https myanimelist.net/anime/37349/goblin_slayer total number of episodes on the left .
he lives on the shelf in my daughters ' room .
should probably invest in a code book or something in case you forget again .
nta you could actually just say that you want to take care of your child and use it as an excuse for you and your husband to spend the first christmas with your little bundle of joy .
i feel that siem de jong is a quality player but we are not giving him any time to do anything but from the small pockets he has looked good .
america has an obesity epidemic and a life expectancy of some rather poor countries .
pity my life all you want but you 're the one getting upset by a joke .
tell her that it was ok when you gave it to her but maybe it 's not designed for all of the pounding it and she are getting .
do whatever you want as long as it is random enough though
those signs are of course much much too large to fit in a train station .
so much work goes into calculating the distance from which one needs to be able to see a road sign and how many times it has to be repeated in order for drivers to do it .
and then we still use three different systems for identifying junctions cardinal directions numbering and names/destinations .
not to mention drivers all have to pass a test that assesses their ability to read those signs from a certain distance away .
they also have to pass a written test of rules which assesses basic literacy .
transit riders ca n't be subjected to such barriers .
also if natsu 's fire of emotion can do that there is no way that a lava rasenshuriken from a weaker naruto that split the shinju tree apart cant do it .
since there 's a high chance get hit when close to it .
it doesnt reflect any trend of the late years .
you 're right algorithmic trading is a great choice at the moment .
this thing you 're advertising is a ponzi scheme .
you may call it algorithmic trading but this is not it .
on top of this this token '' that is meant to act as a mutual fund of sorts where 's the information as to what you 're invested in ?
this entire scheme '' screams scam louder than i 've seen in a while .
if anyone is interested in algorithmic trading they should look into algorithmic trading .
you can play singleplayer while the updates are loading .
i actually preferred the combat system in tms to persona 5 .
persona 5 was better at just about everything else though .
this is n't what i was looking for but definitely what i needed
in what other profession can you cost your employer 65k without getting fired ?
that 's one despicable aspect of this but also consider the fact that the sheriffs dept now faces a 65k shortfall in funding which means fewer policing resources available potentially putting the community at risk .
also considering this man was n't wearing a badge or a uniform the biker in this video would 've been well within his rights to shoot that officer square in the head if he 'd been carrying especially under the stand your ground law .
so i think it 's fair to say that he also put himself and the motorcyclist at highly unnecessary risk by approaching in a manner that could very well have escalated in a full on firefight .
what 's worse is that others who carry may have joined in with supporting fire for one side or the other .
officers wearing plain clothes is something that should be reserved for very special circumstances specifically undercover investigation .
at all other times the uniform is a life saving accessory .
it allows the officer to be clearly identified so as not to be at risk of being mistaken for a civilian pointing a gun at another civilian and also to allow those around them the opportunity to approach in an emergency .
yes it would but then i can use my upcoming free transfer elsewhere
maybe if you send your condolences to putin you can take her place i 'm sure he would appreciate your sympathy towards the russian espionage agenda .
i 've been in your situation and i made a post far below with what helped me get out of it and back on track with life .
do you think your enjoyment was heightened at all because you saw all the newer movies first ?
i feel like they talk about the republic a lot more and it would make seeing it more interesting .
but part 2 is the best part it 's even above the cihmera ant arc the cp9 arc and the shogun assassination arcs to me
but you 're still assuming 10 for guards if they 're suspicious while rolling when it 's an important npc or player i 'd think .
but even players and important npcs do not get any roll if there is no suspicion that this might not be who you are looking at .
it would n't make any sense to give them a passive '' take 10 here you know what i mean ?
but if the wipers are going full speed in real time then the bolt of lightening struck before they could complete even one swipe of the windshield .
therefore it gives me an idea of how remarkably fast the lightening is because i have something to compare it with in the slowed down video .
why does every decklist use ixn when the dom art is so much better
i needed a c in all my major classes to pass .
atw and asw happen after the rendering phase so developers do n't have to do anything to take advantage of those features .
asw 2.0 from recollection requires depth buffer information to be passed to the oculus runtime .
i 'm not a developer so i have no idea how easy this is to send to the oculus runtime .
then for games like skyrim vr which run through steam vr oculus sdk you are going to have to rely on the app to send depth buffer info to steam vr which will then send it on to the oculus sdk .
edit seems like steamvr might have the feature based on this if i am reading it right https github.com/valvesoftware/openvr/issues/660
and the degree i hold has nothing to do with me calling out fake information either .
i assumed you would be aware of things around you since you make such tall claims rather confidently for a brand new account but here you go with some links to read up on in case you are open minded enough to accept information which is contrary to your beliefs without raising a stink about the sources and nitpicking endlessly
how do you propose a constitutional mechanism would function after you rip up the construction ?
that catstructor hero looks pretty interesting hope we get her for the upcoming event .
she is giving something anyway in his name without his opinion .
honestly as much as i love my phone and the internet life was better .
i 'll keep playing until i ca n't find teams anymore .
slowing down content does n't make me happy but it wo n't stop me from playing .
i 'm pissed about hgc but might add to this game ending because i wo n't give them money .
nostalgia old video games pop culture comedy the nostalgia boys press start to continue podcast episode 61 2003 part 3 sex and violence
nsfw a couple f bombs and some other stuff .
this is a podcast about old video games one year per episode we go back through the game catalog discussing all sorts of games we played in our childhood .
tangents pop culture references bad impressions will be had .
dead or alive xtreme beach volleyball def jam vendetta manhunt postal 2 mario and luigi superstar saga warcraft iii frozen throne mike 's mom knows parties .
ok so it seems he masturbates too hard with his hand so maybe he just needs to chill on the porn for like a week ?
like i understand the word addiction but literally the only way to fix this is to stop jacking it with a death grip and to get his mind oggling over sex with literally anything but without the ability to watch it/jack off .
then after like a week of not busting a nut you could give him the good sex and he 'll hopefully be better off ?
nami is good at neutralizing a mage support but honestly laning against duo mages bot right now is absolute aids regardless of what you pick on the adc support side
thanks but i 'd rather use the tools when i have them i bought them for a reason to save time .
you wo n't see me riding a horse to work just cause the metro stinks .
a security camera that tracks the vehicle falling into the hole ?
thank god he only killed asguardians and all the asgardians are still alive right ?
were you really expecting a lying mysoginistic racist anti-science piece of shit like trump to make good policy ?
get an old wool sweater at a thrift shop and some wool roving make your own .
they are neat little things but i did n't notice any dryer miracles .
pretty in a bowl on the coffee table though !
yeah 1.3 and 1.5 were significantly different games from 1.6 .
i wonder why they do n't hold any meaning for you .
in order to fix it you need to take those steps to start acting how you want to act .
it 's like a balancing act for your reason .
you do n't give a rat 's ass but you want to care .
so try acting like a caring person would even though that is n't who you are naturally .
your response tells me that performing the caring actions is n't a problem for you if i read it right .
if that 's the case then a meaningful solution may be more difficult to reach .
i ca n't understand why you are operating without care for your friends .
i would ask you if there are things you care about/what those things are if any .
if you can identify that the problem extends into other parts of your life then you may want to seek additional aid from professional sources .
i have the ultimate edition though idk if the outfit is only available to people who got the ultimate edition
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
that one was so good made even better with the people in the audience legitimately crying over them being reunited .
im in a similar situation hope you get some assistance
no one is going to judge you badly for it .
i 've been a sith dr strange and i 'm making loki for supanova .
i 've come to think the cool woodstock and free love types were a tiny minority in the scheme of things like a statistically negligible minority .
is it infinite mines in other modes or how does that work ?
you took a repost of a post from animemes and crossposted it on animemes .
well that 's just well it 's really hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they take everything literally .
soooo ... if this is only a temporary change for the holidays '' ... are n't the so called new players '' just going to get pissed when their slower ttk modes disappear ?
and then dice would have a whole new scenario of players getting mad at them ... or am i missing something ?
still does n't allow you to penetrate armour you could n't prior ... . that 's the issue with gold ammo .
however it 's now blatantly obvious you are not open to changing your mind so enough is now enough .
wow we have the exact same issue with the indigenous population here in australia never realised it was also such a huge issue in canada too .
this is n't the comic versions of the characters mate .
also the scene where deadpool does that is a non canon comic .
also do n't downvote him guys is it against the rules after all .
i have a 2016 256gb im looking to get rid of for 950
if he is happy you should learn from him .
he is very smart to search for the job he likes .
he is smart for staying home for only 200£ but he can not do that in someone else 's expense .
he is smart to stay there because he thinks that it is logical that if someone is not happy from what he is doing they will tell him about it .
so if your parents want him to leave the house they should tell him or tell him to buy the house if he wants to stay .
he is a grown man and if he is not mature yet let him become mature by letting him see and feel what you are trying to tell him .
leave him let him experience life that he is happy about .
a saying says if you buy a hungry man a fish he will full that day but if you give a man a fishing rod and teach him how to fish he will be full forever .
arlo sara you know what happens to cripples like you ... . cracks knuckles
arlo ... sweats ... uhhhhhhhhh you get a cupcake !
we 're gon na take some of this phthalo green and we 're gon na mix it with a little bit of yellow ochre .
maybe just for fun we 'll add a little prussian blue .
and you can use a different color if you 'd like .
it 's your world here and it can be any color you like .
horrible thing wanting to make sure kids get a quality education .
what in the world are they thinking ? ? ?
feels like something straight from the office or parks and rec .
so she cool with all the men in her mans comment section ?
often times one of my comments is very quickly downvoted to 1 or 2 and i feel like deleting it but two hours later it will sit at 10 and i question why i was so quick to doubt my own comment .
it would have been better received if they gave it its own name .
i 'm mainly throwing suggestions out onto the subreddit .
balance and bugs have been thrown out constantly so i feel i do n't need to do that .
as for stims weighing 1 lb each i have literally no issue with that .
coulda been worse but its not a good sign when hes walking down the hallway almost immediately .
i do n't know how old the plug was exactly but it was certainly several years at a guess based on the karts age etc .
i bought it in july this year and have been working through replacing or servicing it .
i 've been out a couple times now and it runs well as far as i 'm aware with such limited knowledge .
the padres have one of the best farm systems in baseball .
except i have tiny baby hands and my ring size is a 4 .
so anything bigger than a 5 just falls right off my finger like i 'm a little girl trying on my mother 's jewelry .
i have trouble watching any of the 2011 hype videos .
before it '' happen i thought those were some of the most hair tingling hype videos we had ever seen .
so theres a way to get a free gym membership as long as i pleadge allegiance to korean jesus ?
this makes me question the purchase of a disposable cbd vape i ordered
you 're implying that crowd funding for medical expenses is a worldwide sign of the times '' .
it 's not it 's a sign of the us healthcare system being an abhorrent joke compared to all other western countries .
was announced yesterday or the day before it was changed to 4 hours
i have n't been able to use them in years because there is so much animal hair floating around my house haha .
they 're so forgiving in their long workability but they 're so expensive .
you feel like its got ta be amazing to make it worthwhile !
i was expecting the camera person to drop a cinder block on him
if you got an answer and have n't already marked your post solved '' or likely solved '' please reply to the person who gave you the answer or this comment with the comment solved ! ''
if you did n't get an answer yet please remember to mark it solved when you do .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthisthing if you have any questions or concerns .
although i spent 80 after 2 months ... luckily we 're still together and this our third christmas .
it 's the thought that counts anyway not the money spent .
that is almost exactly the build i want to do .
i 'm sure it 's good but i hate these hyperbolic post titles.
ironically you have made the idea of smoking myself to an early grave more palatable than living long enough to possibly run in to you in person .
vox the infowars of the left with a bigger budget .
i think this happens when kids are reading above their grade level and get exposed to words for the first time in print .
i thought the same thing at first but he looked terrible and had 2 people helping him take baby steps into the locker room afterwards though .
a lot of people have heard of his name from his dominant performance at the wjc and he was a tremendous player in juniors but you never know how players will do once they 're in the nhl .
even now his task is to be consistently good all season .
i yeeted my old best friend a couple years ago and it still hurts sometimes .
so austin rivers to the suns oubre to the grizz and ariza to the wizards ?
would lead to people who were level 13 with all base level cards .
in this specific case it 's stupid because it 's stupid '' is a completely valid comment .
i went from living in the middle of the desert without a drop of water in sight to living on a permanently anchored raft in the middle of the great barrier reef .
this and the wastelands are my favorite of the series .
if you have n't done anything yet i 'd like to weigh in against the pipe extender .
they cause a lot of flow restriction on 1.5 pipe that extender will effectively turn that return/feature into a 1 feed .
not good you 'll pay for it in the long run when your motors burn up quicker from the increased head pressure amongst other problems .
it looks like you have enough exposed pipe on the horizontal to get a coupling on .
the vertical pipe is a bit trickier but i 'll divulge a trade secret here because i 'm drinking you can sweat the coupling and tee apart with a heat gun and hook nose or any needle nose pliers .
cut the vertical pipe between the coupling and the tee either exactly at the joint or you can cut it about 2mm into the coupling to be safe .
the remaining sliver of coupling will snap off the 1.5 nipple with a flathead screwdriver .
you 'll be left with a tee fitting with about 2mm of 1.5 pvc sticking out .
make sure there is no water in the pipe jam a wet rag down into to tee if you are worried about the heat set your heat gun to 500°f stick it into the 1.5 nipple in the tee and rock it in circles also moving slowly up and down .
make sure the tip of the heat gun is more or less inside the nipple and angled towards it .
if the pvc bubbles or scorches your heat gun is too hot turn it down .
the pvc nipple will soften you want it to get to roughly the texture of a frozen airhead taffy .
you 'll see that 2mm of protruding nipple flex just a bit against the tip of the heat gun .
grab the nipple with the pliers and peel it away from the tee a bit .
then grab the exposed nipple driving the pliers between the nipple and tee and twist them wrapping the nipple around the plier tips as it peels away from the tee .
if you see deformation of the tee it 's too hot .
if the nipple tears it is too hot let it cool down a bit .
it amazes me how many professional pool repair persons do not know this is possible .
i probably replaced 80 individual valves this year in reversible-bottom-drain valve banks that other techs said would need the whole bank replaced for 500 .
rotate the new fittings into place after the you have the old ones removed .
in my region midwest an honest tech who knew pvc based on my employers rates would charge 125 for this job and that would include removal of the transformer for the cell from the electrical feed .
i do it all the time because salt generators often suck .
nope they do n't even need to have a turn .
as long as they 're alive they get xp .
no one takes it seriously as a result and there 's a great deal of introspection going on right now i doubt you 'll like the way it 's going .
i ca n't wait until your generation gets into congress ♡
could n't even wait 10 minutes to post the same exact shit again and you 're trying to call us out ?
but according to conservatives there are only two types of judge liberal activist judges and patriotic-conservative-definitely-not-activist-heroes .
i do not need another one repeat i do not need another one .
i say this as a peer of those who wrote it as i am a phd research scientist who has been studying the destruction of the wtc for 17 years .
they say that the iron and iron oxide found in the wtc dust is evidence of thermitic materials .
the truth is that the iron compounds in the wtc dust came from the steel beams that made up the structure of the buildings .
the world trade center steel was turned into powder .
on a side note nobody disposed of the billions of tons of steel beams that were supposed to be found at ground zero but seemed missing .
the beams got mostly turned into dust and that dust spread out all over lower manhattan .
there were some beams left over but only a small portion that were used to construct the buildings .
they did n't sell the steel to china or anything of the sort .
the wtc steel was turned into powder and that powder is what became the wtc dust .
why do you think trump was taking credit for the economy rather than attributing it to the fed ?
do you think trump 's persistence in associating himself with the success of the market will also tie him to any failures ?
my father took his own life 2 years ago .
it gets easier with time but it still hard .
i 'm not sure about sea world as it is a separate organization but at seaworld some of the trained animals also are rescues that are not releasible for one reason or another .
releasing is always a priority but if they ca n't be released they are given some form of training .
training is necessary for animals in human care to help encourage natural behaviors these can involve things like jumping as it 's similar to breaching behavior but they are n't tricks .
at least in the us nothing at a reputable zoo or aquarium is taught is without purpose including at seaworld part of the association of zoos and aquariums meaning it provides the highest standards of care .
sea world however does n't have an aza accreditation but i feel like they likely maintain some sort of quality .
however my feelings on whether they 're okay or not does n't reflect whether they actually provide good quality .
they are n't required to maintain good quality only to meet government laws which are unfortunately low for animal care .
maybe they 're certified by some other aquarium standards organization but the aza has the highest standards in the us .
if someone knows what standards sea world not seaworld is required to meet please let me know
on another note blackfish is centered around a lot of older information and research and does have some bias .
it 's not incorrect in it 's information but it is very heavily skewed to evoke the reaction that it wants .
also the cove is about the illegal capture of dolphins in asia which are being sold to markets and aquariums not in the us .
all the new '' dolphins and whales in the us are from other us aza aquariums or are injured rescues that need rehabilitation .
the ones held for rehabilitations typically are not on show visible unless they are somewhat recovered and not releasible .
personally i 'm not a big fan of orcas being in human care and i 'm not a fan of dolphins being only used as show animals .
however most aza organizations use dolphins for research purposes so we can better understand them and hopefully find better ways to protect them .
unlike land animals it 's not like we can cut off part of the ocean large enough for these migrating mammals as a conservation or protection area .
that means knowledge is super important to finding ways to interact and protect them .
on the flip side since these are migrating mammals it 's impossible for humans to provide the same things that the wild does for these animals in terms of space .
all migrating mammals migrate for a number of reasons breeding seasonal temperature changes or food .
with whales and dolphins food is one of the primary reasons .
they get the perfect balanced diet in human care so do they still need all of that space ?
i 'm not sure we know however i also have n't looked for any peer-reviewed articles on marine mammal migration .
this means they might not need to or they do need to and we are hindering some aspect of their natural behavior .
there 's also plenty of other things that may be very detrimental to marine mammals mental or physical health but it 's difficult to determine if that 's occurring based on studies of modern standards .
just keep in mind the age of the research and information you read older articles or articles sourced from older information will contain information that is not as relevant or not relevant at all .
i believe everyone 's personal opinion is 100 valid on what level of intelligence is appropriate or inappropriate to be in human care .
i just think that all information should be considered for both sides .
i 'm pretty sure your dh is on the money .
you 'll quickly learn you 're lucky for having a spouse who sees through their mother 's bullshit ... do n't mess it up by defending her because you will regret it lol .
also one of you definitely needs to talk to sil to get an idea of how she feels about all this .
idk if you 're looking for a nickname but cigarette fingers might work .
why dont we just have giant walls on either side of the highway and put a charging field throughout the entire thing .
the girl i am closer to was caught the feels for me and at the same time i couldnt care less to be with her even for sex .
feel bad for making someone hurt but nobody ptobably feels the same with me so fuck that .
her first problem is assuming anyone cares what she thinks .
i 've heard some of his supporters recently still saying and seeming to believe that trump 's entire campaign was self-funded .
the old man coulda died and the old woman coulda adopted his hunting dog who got along with the fox and everyone coulda lived happily ever after .
i feel like it would have made more sense if you tied it in at the end so you could n't just forget about the plot '' and edit some article about someone joining skt with your name something like that .
after that i 'm opening up my save in chapter three and playing with arthur forever .
science as a social enterprise and science as no clearly superior pathway '' do n't negate popper .
then he might even have had some contradiction say when he dances around corroboration not being still eventually verification but its gist what most of common scientists are totally in love with is simply that the pursuit of knowledge has the current theory as an enemy .
1 year if mueller probe is over do we have a direct link to putin '' ?
but you 've only got a single vote not 20 almost always you 're wasting your time by voting it makes no difference even if you could trust politicians to enact what is in their manifesto .
you wo n't make any good money out of it if that 's what you 're asking .
with all the real life influences of the game there is so much potential in this !
a pinnacle weapon or a curated roll with lore in it dedicated to this guardian would be a amazing find !
yeah i saw that post but it did n't mention this specific issue .
just want to draw some attention to it so maybe the devs let us know what 's happening with it .
i hate that we are pretty much forced to play with others in a game of trying to catch them all .
i am lucky my wife plays but still we ca n't do most legendaries since we live in a small town .
we go to a bigger city once in a while just to do raids which is annoying we have to if we want to get them all .
unfortunately we ca n't this weekend since niantic gave us no advance notice and we invited my parents to visit .
my brother lives in an even smaller town and plays solo .
he has 2 little kids and works late hours .
so the game is limited for him because of niantic forcing players to raid/find groups which he ca n't do either of .
for players that live outside of town they are hard to find without maps .
if you want to revive 50 pokémon to defeat a legendary why not .
you would n't be able to do very many .
in big cities they can walk a block and do one without any effort .
or it 'd be nice if you could get a lv 5 challenge once a week that would be tough but you could do anywhere .
since they had a dog and were ready to search i 'm guessing they wanted him to step out of the vehicle and either keep the window down or from what i 've seen before they will help you out of the car and will keep the door open .
at that point the officer can stick his head in questionable and look around with a flash light or the dog can alert to a scent '' and jump inside the car window as long as it 's not instructed to by the handler .
i would also have turned off the ac/heater since that tends to move around smells in the car and allow dogs a better chance at finding something even if there 's nothing in the car .
the disconnect between the singing and music is jarring sounds like they wrote two songs separately then just pasted them together .
the drums are really bad aswell so many effects that it sounds like a drum machine .
ive honestly heard actual drum machines that sound better .
oh fuck right off none of that stuff ever existed between plebs to the upper classes .
in the better times when plebs knew their place in the 1800 's ?
where a man of gove 's standing would not be expected to slum it with commoners when travelling .
the idea that politics was ever not as vitriolic and tribalistic as it is now in the last 2000 years is a complete fiction .
born out of propaganda onto an easily lead small minded naive uneducated individual like yourself .
hon ppd zai zfreek notail era fly micke insania loda jonassonfam ? haxxeren handsken khezu chessie moonmeander the list goes on ... .
but there 's also a huge reason to this you 're all ignoring besides the playstyles of the games .
league is the biggest esport in the world most likely their china numbers dwarf dota2s .
pro league players have 0 reason to leave the game or look elsewhere .
if this is the saloon in saint denis they actually start coming down from the 2nd floor after a while
they supply labor for a lot of things that the elites use to exploit the working class .
all fun and games until a terrorist organization realizes the opportunity here ... .
no one is blowing smoke up her ass just because we like to see different shit other than someone lipsync to some random song .
maybe u should stop blowing smoke up valentinas ass .
everyone should have hyoda at this ooint or almost .
he is a great toon and one of the few that seems guaranteed .
no sympathy for those that do n't have hyoda when this event happens lol !
haha you do n't know how big my coupon book is santa p
i feel like i 'm missing a huge piece of information i should have already known .
one of my buddies did the same but she asked me all these questions and started talking to me about best practice . ''
my buddy could tell i was getting pissed off because she did n't view what i did as best . ''
i stopped her mid sentence and told her i had actual training for my degree and committed to teaching because i wanted to teach not because i 'm trying to make my resume look good for medical school .
and that yes speaking and listening are standards i need to cover and yes seminars are my favorite way of doing it .
when you get your kids to the level of just being able to talk and appreciate good literature you 've done wonders .
she continued to argue and my buddy had to point out i was a teacher of the year finalist for my new district ... as a first year teacher in a district of 1500 teachers .
i 'm glad he ditched her but just because you 're teaching for america '' does n't mean you really are .
many of the candidates i 've seen do it for a self-serving purpose for their law school or med school .
these are kids do n't mess with their lives .
i liked the series but i actually like the adult versions that were based on the same premise better .
the lake house and where the wind blows by james patterson tell the story of similar characters but i think they were written far more cohesively .
me..she was one of the most talented people of a generation .
hmm i have to go way back and say pyrrhus of epirus .
there 's something about killing so many of your men and loosing so much that a win becomes a loss so great your name becomes a term for worst case scenarios that should just kind of be considered top tier .
my toenail got ripped off by a door the nail bed did n't have any feeling in it .
sorry i am not the person you asked specifically .
if i remember right they use that as an argument '' to point out that only non-muslims payed taxes .
there is a huge flaw in that argument though .
we muslims did pay our zekat so there was no need to impose a tax on muslims because we already paid .
gave me a fright when he lifted me though !
i do n't want to spill the beans before they are ready but i 've been working on a thing for about three weeks now that might help the community tremendously with this .
if you want to know more about it before anyone else you might wan na join the beatsaber modding community or pm me
i will share more about it in the coming weeks but in the meantime just remember there are wonderful developers and modders in this community i was able to speak to some of them .
lastly huge kudos to balsa he is one of the biggest reasons the beatsaber community is so big now !
let 's just assume all of them just to be sure .
and then let 's blame those women that we assume are lying for our own insecurities .
i have n't tried running the script in a while but based on the xml data in the profiles link it looks like the core logic is still sound .
the only necessary change you need to make is to fill in the new entries in the eventtoname map .
you may also want to check if the devs have updated the profile page which may break the view logic .
if you need any help making any fixes feel free to send me a reddit pm .
once i identify a customer as a small business owner or a decision maker i 'll start by pulling out my business card and telling them about the free diagnostic that we do in store.. that starts a conversation about tech support and their needs as a client .
telling me if they have existing tech support or if they could benefit from us..
if they can benefit i explain the service while walking them to a computer and telling them
there 's no obligation to buy all we 're going to do here is put your information in and a rep will contact you to give you the best solution for your needs ''
if they ca n't benefit from tech support i start talking about pay per click marketing email marketing social media and logo design.. if even one thing makes some kind of spark i bring them to the computer ...
if not i ask them for a business card in trade for mine usually has all their information on it and depending on how the conversation went if it went well i 'll sign them up anyway.. if not i 'll throw it in the trash but i took it as a good guesture to the customer..
jag läser överhuvudtaget inte wolodarski och förstår inte riktigt varför du nämner honom .
men om jag säger så här det är skillnad på syftet bakom diskussionen kring skillnader mellan människor .
att man i sverige röstar igenom lag som lyfter fram etniska minoriteter och skyddar dem deras kultur och språk är i inkluderande och bevarande syfte .
det kan naturligtvis också anses slå fel genom att outsagt förminska de kulturer som inte erhåller lagskydd .
det hade varit en väsentlig skillnad om man exempelvis lagstiftat mot tornedalingar till fördel för andra grupper .
sd karakteriserar skillnader mellan människor som något problematiskt och som dessutom förringar individers förmåga att identifiera sig pluralistiskt .
man borde kunna vara syrier svensk och homosexuell på en och samma gång .
men det är inte den naturlig slutsats jag drar när jag hör åkesson co. förklara hur oförenlig vissa kulturella bakgrunder är med en svensk sådan .
hade sd och dess väljarkår istället problematiserat samhällets förutsättningar och förmåga att ta emot flyktingar utan att nämna kultur vore det en annan sak .
nu gör man både och och det sticker naturligtvis i ögonen .
för vem är sd att sätta gränserna för vad och vem som är svensk och förenlig med denna mytomspunna svenskhet '' ?
jag respekterar att förstår att vi måste värna det svenska samhället det vill jag också men jag köper inte att man gör det mot någon istället för för .
i syverne och sist så bereder tonen och bakgrunden till en diskussion också formen för de lösningar man är villig att implementera kring det man problematiserat .
att media i det fallet skulle vara orättvis mot sd har jag också svårt att se .
men det är absolut rätt att granska granskarna och beklaga sig över journalistik på glid för jag är väl inte heller över skyarna med den journalistiska integritet och kvalitet vi ser i sverige .
samtidigt tror jag inte att den skulle vara bättre om journalistiken överläts till ekonomiska intressenter .
att totalt avfärda statsstöd media '' känns därför som ett något drastiskt steg .
lite som att avfärda vaccin för att några kanske ibland får bieffekter .
i det här fallet är det just en debattartikel ämnad att skapa debatt och då har den ju bevisligen gjort sitt .
there are many other ways to do that beyond this .
eu conheci o clube do livro q rolava no r/brasil e n tinha o costume de ler.. até que peguei o livro do mes e dei uma chance ...
foi a revolução dos bichos o livro do mes e depois disso to sempre com um livro em baixo do braço .
who was it we were meant to believe was the 'stupid man 's smart person ' ?
does it look like an open source project to you ?
what about the projects that are open source and this stupid stuff takes its place .
sms works in basic phones which do n't have the power to encrypt and decrypt messages .
if you have a very old phone that used to support whatsapp can you still use whatsapp using it ?
but if it supported sms you can still use it to this day .
like saying happy birthday sending greetings to someone or just for saying that they 're busy and will call later ... .
i just visited tinydick i hate the name alone .
it gives off the wrong impression straight away and im sorry but lol what a joke i say that cuz checkout the mod there .
his/her post history they comment on glorify and drool over guys with big dicks but there 's not a single comment on small dick posts ! .
they have no nsfw porn posts of their own either ... as mod of a sub for guys with small dicks the mod there they have nothing small dick related going on peronally and seemingly he or she they dont like have no love for small dicks either .
its comical like why the fuck would somebody like that be made mod of a sub like tinydick ? ? ...
somebody made a big mistake appointing a person like that as mod of such a sub .
also its funny i just found out recently that on the biggest small dick sub on reddit if you make a comment or a post that has the word 'chode ' within it etc..
your comment or posts gets automatically auto-mod removed and you get a message saying this..
small penish humiliation and other humiliating words or words used with intent of humiliation are no longer allowed in this sub .
the new mod there who implemented that along with having to put your age in the post title which is also retarded .
and if you dont include your age ones post gets auto-removed is an complete idiot clueless an awful mod and retarded tbh if he actually thinks the word chode is humiliating or constitutes sph in any way .
its merely a descriptor of its size shape/archetype etc .
plus surely the owner of the small dick in question should be able to call it what he wants .
i feel like one is treated like a child there and not a man .
much better more tolerant understanding actually encouraging of small dicks and all kinds of content the mod here actually likes small dicks here as well unlike the mod over on tinydick etc .
there 's also waaaaaay too many soft cocks on there imo .
but i digress ... no it was not gay of you to visit there xd .
you are the one who said they control all .
you think the crypto space is largely serious investors ?
barkley has like a 70 yard td run every week
i ca n't speak for ninja trader but accord is awesome .
normally i would take the data and then do the analysis in my accord project and then send the results back to ... projectx in visual studio .
your post was automatically removed because it was a self post .
please resubmit your link as a link submission if possible .
however every post will be reviewed in case there is a valid reason for a self post .
if you can see this message this post is still removed
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giveaways if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm honestly baffled when i see people defend it .
like kissing your kid on the cheek or their forhead is alright .
but i 've always seen kissing on the lips as a romantic thing .
i do n't think parents who do this are necessarily bad people but it does creep me out a lot .
well between feeding issues sleep issues and the stress of being 100 responsible for a tiny human almost no one is floating through those first weeks with a contented motherly glow .
so do n't feel like the feeding issues are necessarily tainting '' or ruining everything .
that said if you want to do ep or formula that may make your life better .
it 's your call and only you can decide what will allow you to get closer to your idea of a ideal parent .
anecdote time my first had a terrible time nursing .
no lip or tongue ties and we saw an lc to work on his latch but he was a very ineffective nurser i had to use a shield as well .
he spent the first two months nursing and sleeping .
like he 'd do one until his need for the other was stronger and was perpetually falling asleep while nursing and waking up starving .
i started pumping at 2 months he grew bigger and we got to drop the shield at 3 months .
surviving the first two months was terrible and while it paid off in a good nursing relationship that lasted until 22 months i do n't think i would have missed anything had we switched to formula at a week old .
only you can decide and no one can tell you that your choice is incorrect .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
i think hiding a secret dpov or something along those lines would work ! ! ! ! !
but hiding something similar to an immunity idol would n't .
and it has to be played before the votes .
i do n't know if you are describing colombia brazil or russia
these people who refuse to vaccinate need to be all be taken out of society and put on an island somewhere .
sites below can potentially have multiple ads and/or popups and/or misleading download links .
always remember to never download anything from the websites posted here .
report any other suspicious links to the moderators and be sure to include a reason why .
when reporting an issue please provide the mod team with a screenshot of the problem .
please make sure we can clearly identify the site in question from the screenshot itself .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nhlstreams if you have any questions or concerns .
the thing is lowering the game 's resolution alone wo n't affect the size of the individual objects within it .
i 've experimented with size changes in renpy before and if you want them to work everything has to be adjusted to account for it .
i was like that during the 2011 playoffs too when boston beat out the habs in a game 7 ot lol .
cheered for the bruins the entire rest of the way because of guys like thomas .
loved watching chara marchand and patrice kill it too that run .
your post was removed because you linked directly to a source .
you need to take a screenshot and redact all identifying information in order to post here .
if it 's possible to find the actual source or the op of the gofundme your post will be removed and you may be banned .
if you 're trying to advertise your shitty gofundme you can go fuck yourself with a rusty pitchfork .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dontfundme if you have any questions or concerns .
start running cold blooded if you are getting killed by streaks .
treyarch is looking into changes for this but that does not mean they will remove hacking streaks .
i am handed a death from a player who may be as low as 2-10 simply from a specialist ability .
nomad 's dog purifier grav slam 9-bangs seeker mine etc .
there are plenty of ways to die from a specialist ability in this game .
nothing wrong with zero having an ability that can indirectly kill you .
1/17 they lost with kjaerbye so winning 10 of 16 2 second places is excellent from my perspective
oh ok ours is just wood and feels like standing in front of a forge .
you have just spent 6 billion dollars from the government in 2 days .
hell shiro is fucking japanese and for the past 2 seasons he 's been pushed aside as an after thought but the way they closed allura 's story is a full circle ending and it made sense from a writer 's viewpoint .
she lost everything in the beginning and now she gets closure on it .
she gets to be able to be with her people .
she did have a happy life before the war began .
and she missed her planet and her people and her dad her mom .
things she never got closure on during the entirety of the series .
so do n't tell me i do n't understand because i do .
the amount of ignorance in your comment is astounding .
hd 🏒 home feed mtl eng 720p 60 fps 6600kbps http bilasport.net/game/montreal-canadiens-vs-ottawa-senators-11118.html html5 ad overlays:0 no pop ups as always 📺 📱 mobile yes
hd 🏒 away feed ott eng 720p 60 fps 6600kbps http bilasport.net/game/montreal-canadiens-vs-ottawa-senators-11119.html html5 ad overlays:0 no pop ups as always 📺 📱 mobile yes
hd 🏒 french feed tvas fra 720p 60 fps 6600kbps http bilasport.net/game/montreal-canadiens-vs-ottawa-senators-1.html html5 ad overlays:0 no pop ups as always 📺 📱 mobile yes
almost as if he 's their rival 's manager or something
forreal i do n't think inter-dimensional beings are gon na be contacting anyone through texts
it got to amazon probably on a pallet in bulk neatly wrapped .
it did n't travel in the back of a van sliding and bashing all over the place .
we have school shooters it 's a reality of life .
i think the religious fanatic is just as cringe as the school shooter .
wow i wish i looked half as good as you do i might look at getting some jumpers too you make them look flattering
others have advised you to start small and i agree in some ways .
however i 'd like to add to focus on 1 or 2 that will make the most difference .
do n't overly micro manage do n't count every step you take or how much water you have etc .
often i find people worry the small stuff but miss the big important stuff .
your overweight from diet exercise is supplementary to diet you can workout all day and if your eating shit you 'll still hold the weight .
the poor diet will effect your sex life your sleep probably your energy levels in general which is why your probably lazy and do n't wan na shower etc .
there 's 1 goal that will probably effect 5 areas of your life .
if you think that 's dense try reading the discoverers by daniel boorstin .
it 's incredible how much knowledge one person can have .
your famous pvp servers like illidan are no more .
all warmode players within a region can play together and all non warmode players within a region can play together .
the only content that isnt cross realm is mythic raiding until 100 guilds of each faction have cleared the mythic end boss .
them wanting to play nuke since they are 27-0 on it
he could have a high counter-flow of nitrogen from the arm of the schlenk tube then quickly cap the flask with a septum/stopper .
and while he switches out flasks to collect different fractions he can close off the blue tap then purge/back fill the new flask before collecting the next fraction .
jfk 6 seater car also kinda looks like jackie shot him now
matrix quote what if i told you the world you see around you does not exist .
it is a world that has been pulled in front of your eyes to blind you from the truth .
that you are a slave neo born into bondage ''
wizard of oz quote fly my pretties fly ! ''
he held his ground with the cousins deal ... he had to move him off for picks .
buddy hield was a part of that cousins deal btw ... .
unless you mean a mickey of some kind of liquor .
not a doc but agree totally.i get bad muscle spasms often .
might be the pot but i just had some and was kinda like this before .
probably not a good idea to have a nap so i 'm typing this instead and i guess i 'll have another coffee or something lol
hell he could 've just gone back to college finished the degree and gotten a cushy job at ibm or wherever else .
i 'm getting ready to go into lacrosse season in 6 weeks and would like to know if i should continue bulking for more muscle or try and lose weight for more speed although if i 'm cutting my muscles will likely get noticeably weaker over the course of the season which runs from february and ends in june .
i 'm nearing the halfway point of my current bulking session .
if he just had answered everything correctly it would have been 100 .
it 's not as easy as it sounds because you have to get people without them being in their super .
i was going to back it but did n't .
i figured i 'd just pick it up some time during christmas or next year
after they kicked zai they got 3rd at ti and secret started dominating post-ti majors so
lol next you 'll tell me there are n't any victims if you yell bomb in an airport or fire in a movie theater
hey man your girlfriend said to get some magnums for tyrone .
he 's not trying to put a baby in her this time .
you know how eating certain foods can make farts smell worse ?
yeah it 's weird you 'd think they might make the comedown worse but it 's the opposite .
i think those other aps would probably work as well i have n't tried them though .
the issue is though you really want something that 's short acting because you want the bulk of the ap effect to take place while you 're asleep you do n't want it bleeding over into your waking time and bringing you down .
so for that reason i 'd be wary of using clozapine in particular because it 's longer acting maybe the others sulpiride in particular would be good options though .
wizards might do that if they think paul turns the culture around .
i must be tone deaf what 's tone deaf about this ?
the so-called libertarian right is really just authoritarian right with extra steps .
people with translocation down syndrome can inherit the condition from an unaffected parent .
the parent carries a rearrangement of genetic material between chromosome 21 and another chromosome .
hiw much more defeats it will take to get murinhio sacked
if you vote for hillary i 'll give you a blowjob madonna literally .
with let people enjoy things you mean lets pay assholes money ?
in the idea you can hold down a button to bring up a wheel and choose what genre of music you want to use then that music dictates what fighting style you have which is done to the beat .
but if you get enough points the game switches to what you describe .
you mash buttons to a special song and do a killer execution or something .
i think it might be possible but it 'll be the first thing i 'll want to figure out once i get to play it !
the trick is that you could just yeet that shit back to the pit it came from
i know theyve been branching off lately but this mustve been pretty sudden .
we shouldnt speculate too much but i got ta wonder if matt and pat got in a fight .
i do have many a tale but floating cites !
by what magic is responsible for such fascinating wonders ! ?
the dwarf then takes off his googles to show his excitement revealing bright glowing light blue eyes the dwarf then points to his eyes oh these yea that 's just a side affect of the magical radiation my experiments give off nothing big ''
i played comp in seasons 2-3 but not after .
game seemed too light and silly to try and take seriously so now i just have fun with it .
wait do they literally try to curse donald trump ?
not voodoo but a few did try i think this was a combination of the sincere if loony and the self-publicising chancers who saw a way to make some kind of money https extranewsfeed.com/a-spell-to-bind-donald-trump-and-all-those-who-abet-him-february-24th-mass-ritual-51f3d94f62f4 out of it .
great fun absolutely hilarious and some very interesting for an outsider in-fighting https www.reddit.com/r/wicca/comments/5vuu1e/what_are_your_feelings_on_the_antitrump_ritual between actual practititioners with some theoretic basis going this is a bad idea and here 's why it wo n't work '' and the ribbons-and-candles types .
we crave it if it 's been long enough .
i like how you feel it 's necessary to explain that people like food
nice build only thing i would recommend is faster ram trust me the difference is noticable
nothing going there now they know it 's a passing down lets get it mack
you 're lucky so far i 've only seen one as8 in a round one ... not to mention it was in another state .
i imagine that someone who holds a world record for having gone to every country probably has a pretty large social circle .
eh that does n't change the fact that the ultimatum is terrible .
you 're doing it because you 're desperate to keep this dysfunctional relationship going since you love them but if the relationship has gotten to the point of needing the ultimatum it 's already time to leave .
it 's hard but ultimately better for both parties .
it 's important to tell them why and just let them do better with the next person .
ok i just want to point out that 2016-2017 dak would 've never thrown that ball .
that 's shit tony used to do remember we were 4th and 2 on the dez caught it play
there are several in this playlist http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nxg4c365lbq list=rdemfnvn_lbagsrh2vezcvfp8a .
i pay 12/mo and have never seen a single ad .
the mad lad was streaming up and down like a train sometimes not even getting the passes
the thing is you can do the same with most games on steam too .
most games on steam do n't even need steam running .
it 's only the games by ubisoft or multiplayer games that have 3rd party drm that require steam .
have you tried it with a range of games on epic ?
all i know is games on steam like witcher 3 fallout new vegas pillars of eternity and quite a few others can all run without steam running .
in fact once i had to uninstall steam and i was still able to play w3 .
also in the poll a combined 50 percent of americans say the russia investigation — led by special counsel robert mueller — has given them major fairly major or just some doubts about trump 's presidency versus 44 percent who say it has n't given them more doubts .
mcinturff the gop pollster says that the 44 percent without doubts is a powerful reminder about the status of his political base.
i wonder how many of that 44 was thinking as i did how can an investigation give me doubts when it 's only confirming something i already did n't doubt to be true ? ''
i 've never seen a uk airline where you can check in online last minute and find the extra legroom seats emergency exit seats available
does that mean every cinema in town is quite pricey now ?
this is some paranoia music haha i dig it though could be a wild track pending bars .
fox team is on crack during this cowboys/colts game .
camera all over the place cutting to the stands while the play is still live terrible announcers ... so glad we have romo today .
think any vestige of the self serve yogurt phase of mid to late 2000s is gone .
seems boba gelato and now rolled ice cream have replaced it .
which is a shame because i love self serve froyo .
the big spoon in south land park is still open as of yesterday .
everytime i go there it is relatively quiet maybe its a matter of time .
and you expect everyone to use it for that ?
many people uses it to express their opinion to another opinion which i 'm sure everyone here has done at least once .
it 's also been a great boon to the human race and probably the cow race too if you look at population numbers but i 'm not gon na check stats on cow population .
yeah but as https www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/a6hu3w/tesla_is_releasing_all_vehicles_for_sale_today/ebvy9nl ? context=3 shows once your car is sold it takes a while to get your new one .
so now you 're blowing timelines by a lot .
there is one girl i can think of off the top of my head who says and had some instagram-type proof that she was having sexual relations with him while she was 15 in the 9th grade .
he also made a few pedo type comments publicly .
the video of him getting knocked silly on stage by a guy who ran up on him rival rapper iirc was because he threatened to cum on his toddlers face '' .
his murder was a retaliation of sorts of something he did to a woman .
that part i do n't know the details but i watched the video of his killer in the woods face covered with a t-shirt confessing and describing the murder was removed from yt the same day .
the killer says it was payback and he should n't have done that my little cousing she ... '' i do think that was in reference to him beating up a girl as opposed to having relations with a young girl but i could be wrong on that .
it was proven legitimate because the confessor discussed details about the murder which only the police knew at the time .
i also saw the video of him layed up in his bmw shot and leaking on wpd .
nothing more satisfying than nailing someone who thinks they 're getting away with a sneaky firestrike through an unexpected gap
oh okay just run right over our long snapper .
guess that 's only a penalty when we do it .
though false accusation is often used synonymously with made-up accusation there are many factors that might result in an allegation being deemed false. one is that the woman who initially made the accusation chooses to recant it — which does n't necessarily mean that she was lying .
if you do n't want to go through a police investigation for any reason — and there are many many reasons why you might not want to it 's really traumatizing — then the easiest and quickest way to get out of it is to recant and say you were lying says newman .
so you think the earth would just remain habitable forever regardless of human interaction ?
i know it 's easy to feel that way when you look around but it 's not that way .
my friends do n't hook up with people via tinder and regularly tell me to stay safe .
not every woman just hooks up after a breakup .
it took me months and a lot of recovery from my mental health problems .
i think women are still reluctant to just hook up for various reasons .
so the ones that do like me get pretty vocal about it to share their story .
the guys care enough to remember which tattoos and piercings i have so i 'm guessing they would also care about the scars but i have learned that they are n't that noticeable .
in the end it 's also not an accomplishment of winning someone over .
good but they need to buy a good mic so we do n't hear the saliva of the guy on each word on track for 2019 q1 !
i believe there were some disagreements based on their goals and i can truly feel those who donated to what they thought was iota-focused only .
i forget what episode but david starts riffing on how dc will be the first studio to support dead directors
https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wc_wmx84tbhyxjhoblwiao0rawdbgzedmozlvrytbic/edit ? usp=sharing it takes about 5 minutes of setup per wrestler .
the way i do it is i put together my show and then edit the attributes of anyone whose going to be on the show who i have n't edited yet .
it spreads out the workload and after 2-3 shows you 'll almost never need to edit anyone anymore .
i was hesitant to do it at first but boy the game feels so much better .
you can have a list like that but you better be in the gym three times a week squatting it up
ill have to see what i got not sure if i have anything quite like this one .
wenn sie so wie rt ganz klar nur in eine richtung schießen und propaganda verbreiten dann wird 's problematisch .
während man bei uns in den tagesthemen völlig selbstverständlich auch über spendenaffären der regierungspartei oder in afghanistan getötete zivilisten berichtet erfährt der einfache bürger in russland aus seinen medien eben nichts über die korruption der politischen elite oder die kriegsverbrechen des eigenen landes in syrien .
no idea why i 'm being downvoted but you 'll all find out someday ...
i am silver 4 also lonely while playing league not toxic looking to improve and have fun
this has been in the works for some 15 years .
2015 divisional car is a sleeper since we probably win the sb that year
i actually just recently uninstalled because of my phone needing more space .
glad to see i 'm missing literally nothing as far as the christmas banner goes
while you have a valid point i just think it 's kinda fucked up..actually really fucked up that the number one thing that so many people want to talk about any time it 's brought up is the divorce that they seem to think is 100 going to happen and then also feel it 's okay to make out his wife as a gold digging whore who ca n't wait to take him for all she can .
when they 've been married for a matter of fucking months .
even if that ends up happening it 's absolutely none of anyone 's business .
two young people have fallen in love and vowed to spend the rest of their lives together .
but since he 's famous everyone just thinks it 's okay to say it 's all a sham and that he 's just the biggest idiot since his new wife could n't possibly be anything other than a money hungry whore .
i just think it 's disgusting that instead of enjoying the typically best part of a relationship in peace people everywhere are calling him an idiot and her a gold digging bitch .
better this game next next game against spurs in the cup
due to certain loopholes in state law neither temp agency nor client company did anything illegal .
my concern is about how to move forward now and clear this background check .
funny how with a bunch of fancy words and promises '' they were able to determine costs and savings .
dude it 's a plan you and your wife just suck the corporate teet and love being fucked by people like hillary who promise change but keep the status quo .
you can use all your fancy words but it 's nonsense .
he 's pushes through so much legislation so i do n't know what more evidence you need for his accomplishments and ideas .
it just sounds like you wanted to shit on bernie instead of actually learn something so you do you .
got ta support the corporations and the wealthiest people !
you should only have to choose between three movement talents not a mix and match .
mmm ... maybe go on a little adventure away from the city for a few hours ?
there may be small forests around your city you could go to by metro/bus .
i thought it 's something like puuta or putaa .
at least some spanish thought that a finnish song kaksi vanhaa puuta '' two old trees tells about prostitutes .
i think old varies by who it is a 15 year old thinks 30 is old but i think 30 is the new 20 lol all about perspective
when i was home bound dr. lapp was playing with my drugs trying new things when i got well enough to start going to town on short trips .
i could drive myself to my local md again .
i could go shopping and buy my clothes and some food again .
little things like that came back into my life .
i told dr lapp the drugs he had given me caused this turn around .
dr lapp tired the same drugs on other patients who was home bound .
it was so personal i was sure it would work for every cfs/me patient in the world and i wanted them to have a small piece of their lives back too .
i felt rejected when dr lapp told me it was n't the medicines i was taking .
it just happened and he had no idea why it happened .
that maybe as science and knowledge of cfids dr lapp called cfs/me cfids '' for a long time grows it might become understood but for now we must live with the unknowing .
that is n't his exact words but it was something like that .
i had given extra blood for dr lapp to study and send off to the cdc in the hope that it would prove these medicines could cure cfs/me .
i stopped taking those meds but what i regained has remained with me .
i lost some of it this year but i still have most of it .
i can still do small things outside the home then i pay for it with bad fatigue for two to five days .
as you can see from how poorly i write my brain is damaged from cfs .
it 's embarrassing for me write on the cfs threads on reddit .
but i must accept that embarrassment if i want to help other cfs patients .
they can see how badly my brain is damaged and reject my advice but i keep trying for the ones that it does help .
i said all that to say this if you want to help others you should tell your story .
some people will reject your opinion on why you recovered .
some may have tired the same thing and it failed .
and maybe someone will receive the same results as you received .
you as a cfs sufferer are not being rejected .
it seems so painful to be rejected is because what happened to you is so personal .
you will need to decide if you want to help other cfs patients enough for your idea of why you recovered to be rejected .
packer fan does not understand how the first amendment works .
he 'll feel so cool playing an older game too .
in the future years to come you developed a fetish
eu cs is great in my experience still supports my blade stealth even out of guarantee software wise maybe because we 've better protection from eu consumer law if you can wait you can wait it in stock on amazon for better service like return policy .
three of the colours — black green and yellow — are found in the flag of the african national congress .
the other three — red white and blue — are used in the modern flag of the netherlands and the flag of the united kingdom the colours white and blue were also found in the old flag of south africa .
de klerk who proclaimed the new flag on 20 april 1994 stated in his autobiography the last trek a new beginning that chilli red was chosen instead of plain red which anglo-africans would have preferred or orange as afrikaners would have preferred .
in february 1994 cyril ramaphosa and roelf meyer the chief negotiators of the african national congress and the national party government of the day respectively were given the task of resolving the flag issue .
a final design was adopted on 15 march 1994 derived from a design developed by the state herald fred brownell who had also previously designed the flag of namibia .
how many goals did other top 6 teams concede against the top 6 ?
this is a question of lacking morals not lacking intelligence .
i have no pregnancy worries because i have no fallopian tubes but hiv other stis still exist so i 'm still very cautious
or i can just use reclaimer and 2-3 sniper defenders .
but its not about me/high level its about low level players so they can play and also can have some fun while grinding for level up or grinding thru story .
public lobbies are bad as hell from even before i started playing and i learned it by the time i reached plankerton so i worked hard finding teammates who wan na play together and grind the quest line i use ninja most of time for crowd control always died the most but got max combat and it was before hero buffs and spawn nerf
even after buffs and spawn nerf ninja play is till hard and mostly low level only plays soldier and grizly now even if they wan na play ninja bcz ninja dies a lot easier and also not everyone gon na have same love for this game like me and go find teammates to play most of either just play on public or end up just soloing or just leave the game bcz they cant enjoy game nor use heroes they want to use for fun .
even for me now its no longer fun not just bcz i am high level its bcz game has made easier then it should be which made players more lazy and game not worthy playing also even as high level i cant play heroes i want many times bcz increase amount of afk/leech and as end gamer i dont have any quest so there 's no timing with teammates everyone just plays when they feel like playing this game and most of us have lost most of interest/love towards this game .
rather play br warframes or other games or watch something .
had a good match against snake with him last night .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i think he 's talking about perception not reality .
espn is n't directing this stuff at hardcore football fans on reddit but casuals .
the last time they 've all seen nd in a really big game was 2012 and nd shit the bed .
sure they 've had good games since but even a new year 's bowl is n't half as memorable to that casual audience as a national championship game .
i only know the song sung by olivia newton-john and john travolta and in that version she is the one persuading him not to go .
there is absolutely no rapey vibe there which just goes to show that the entire issue is just reverse sexism .
we did n't even put too much thought into it .
just opened drawers and closets and grabbed things that we do n't have use for .
same i have had all teams done for weeks now .
was hoping for before futmas started now i really dont know if we should expect it only for next year
i love a lot the feminist anthems been a son sappy .
i also love aneurysm and downer a lot also .
because that 's what they used to do to left handed people
it 's because of copy protection on the discs .
those charities do n't even gift the cloths but they sell them to vendors in poor countries .
this practice has destroyed the textile industry in many third world countries .
keep her feet in the shots 😁 love her feet 😊
it looks like you 've posted a personal perspective .
for future reference showerthoughts should not be commentaries on you your habits your emotional states your opinions or your experiences .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
edit forgot to include the inconvenience of clinton foundation whistleblowers https www.foxnews.com/politics/clinton-foundation-whistleblowers-have-come-forward-with-hundreds-of-pages-of-evidence-meadows-says
most republicans on the hill have absolutely no spine and will never take any meaningful action because it sets a precedent which could easily implicate many of them .
they 'll only put on a show to pander to their constituents but in the end the two-tier justice system remains in-tact .
do you just not care that we citizens held to a higher legal standard than the well-connected ?
after fy2017 why were clinton foundation donations were down over 80 from fy2016 ?
i 'm sure it 's just coincidence that the clintons no longer have any significant power .
but no trump is naughty and threatens the status quo hint—since we 're doing hints it was never in favor of you or i so let 's just investigate every bone in his body and make an example out of anyone that associates with him .
jesus fucking christ the guy is n't a saint but it 's pretty obvious that he 's up against a power structure that has amassed over decades .
that 's a pretty expensive scarf you got there shiromi .
it would n't have anything to do with you being school treasurer would it ?
yeah you 're not pepper-spraying your way out of this one .
on the play you are reffering to the question is if he went to the ground voluntarily or did he try to avoid the tackle and stumbled to the ground ..
i get what you are saying but it just is handled differently .
not every rule is used exactly like the wording of the rule book..
the example im thinking of is peyton manning with broncos against the steelers i believe in the playoffs where he avoided the sack fell on the ground got up and threw a pass .
if you go to the ground by yourself you are down even when you are not touched .
if you try to avoid a tackle and fall without being touched you can get up and continue oplaying .
he also said the refs deemed him avoiding the tackle which he would 've called differently.. manning play
the author claimed to know a lot about ship construction and operating procedures .
if he knew that ships were often built with unsealed compartments at the waterline and that the general doctrine at the time was that icebergs posed no threat to large ocean liners he might have seen such a catastrophe as inevitable
i will be messaging you on 2018-12-19 15:47:56 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2018-12-19 15:47:56 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/anime_irl/comments/a6ouq8/anime_irl 0a 0aremindme !
72 hours to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
the obama administration made it clear to all of us that iran was committed to human rights and one of the most progressive forces for human rights in the middle east .
what stops them from section ing off the country and refusing to compete like they already do right now ?
i hope you post more and become a regular cause your stuff so far has a lotta potential !
auba did n't miss any sitters it was just good defensive work by soto .
that long blonde hair coming back is all that i 've ever wanted
i 'm working today but i 'm going to do it this week .
i 'm running through things in my head thinking about the junkiest places in our house .
love when he has his confidence back and does his ball skills and dribbling that 's my gabby !
i 'm thinking up events still to include more prizes !
nicolas be like dembele where you at im coming to take your job ''
i was sold a metric ton from the first seller .
sorry i 'll contact you if we need more and run out of anything
never was a party guy unless it 's a lan party and everyone is playing drunk tekken drunk nba2k or drunk mario party .
some aquifers hold a huge amount of water but it can be hard to estimate at times .
some scientist are worried that as we pump more and more fresh water out of the aquifers we will pass the natural replenish rate .
edit here is a video discussing the ogallala aquifer that covers a majority of the central united states .
imagine the agricultural problems we would have if this dried up .
he gets a bit woo woo though admittedly so with dream healing and predictions .
he says this does n't necessarily mean it works and is real just it was his experience and dreams are based on expectations .
oh no she has moved on and has sold no less than 4 different ones since .
i have a monitor that detects the frame rate kinda like fraps does on the console and lot 's of games dip below 30 fps on older consoles .
i thought this was a retelling if fallout 3 at first ...
although i am really impressed with the clean sound and imaging the dayton delivers .
does a better job then my old sansui au-2900 maybe that needs recapping .
maybe i 'll give a used solid amp from one the classic high end brands a try .
i do n't wear a lot of heavy armor so i am not the most familiar .
i think it 's important not to care about your appearance to other people but care about the appearance to yourself .
it helped me a lot when i shifted the judge from unknown field of other minds to my mind to what i personally think is pretty '' and most importantly suiting for me and my needs .
it 's a great step to stop comparing yourself to the ideal of others and to find your own path wish you all the best !
good point i suppose the risk reward could depend on the system security etc .
i was really thinking that the whole mining pirating bounty hunting loop would be a feedback loop and make more sense .
take this further would n't it be great to be able to switch to fighter or turret multi-crew and fight off the pirates while reaping the profits .
do n't you think medical care is a bit different though ?
next you 'll be telling me clark kent is superman or batman is bruce wayne .
hell the liam conspiracies stuck around for a long time too .
i 'm very similar about sharing her w/out the humiliation and she feels the same .
i agree also with one of the comments about not needing to categorize everything but often that 's how we best at least initially naively associate things until we can understand them more intimately .
bottom line i love sharing my wife and think it 's sexy and primal when she smells like sex .
i do n't give a shit though it 's your fault .
all the water gets extracted in the first hits then it 's all dry hot air .
it 's one thing to take down the video since there was no actual proof but now you 're taking down all his tarkov videos because one pissed you off ?
thank you for your submission to r/unknownvideos however it has been removed because
please submit your link again with the correct title format .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and we look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unknownvideos if you have any questions or concerns .
one guy says it others see it and say it as well .
it 's more about what others think what happened than what themselves think what happened .
where do you get your permanent bank dye packs ?
i prefer dye packs r us '' but the mark ups have been getting pretty extreme .
then there 's you 're gon na dye '' they have a decent quality pack but their pop has gone down since that blinding incident last year .
their one against the lions was completely egregious and it directly gave seattle a w .
i think in certain areas these geese are protected .
which like i get and i 'm not really a hunter and i cry when i accidentally run over an animal but that thing would be dead if it harassed me and my dog like that .
will edit my comment to add conservation officers and people who work closely at parks and lakes do get special permits to kill these things when they become a nuisance .
at one forestry i worked at we ended up with a gang of 40 geese or so after hatching season .
there was constant poop everywhere and kids had to be careful where they were on the beach .
thankfully i did n't work the day they brought in the goose control .
probably not but my bigger point is being driven into the ground every other play wears you out quick .
i liked how much i saw myles moving around the line last night .
dude literally brings pressure from anywhere he wants and still gets sacks pressures stops .
would have loved to see him bring keenum down in that goal line situation but thought he played well otherwise .
that 's exactly why i want to buy them cheap as fuck
let me think on it and i 'll get back to you !
if you do n't hear from me for 24 hours message me again
did you plug the fan s back in if you had to unplug in the first place ?
even though you do n't have any parts leftover could something extra gotten into the mix and shorted something ?
because the tutorial on the godot 's site is pretty brief .
these were some golden ass years especially when they were n't .
his butt comes to shine pretty much all the time .
like here https i-kinja img-com.cdn.ampproject.org/ii/w1200/s/i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s h-3yuifi omhgdtcadztqwughmkda.jpg or here https i-kinja img-com.cdn.ampproject.org/ii/w1200/s/i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s pbrcdigq svxukphgcxd8bwlr8qed.jpg .
batman https i.pinimg.com/originals/65/be/d6/65bed61168f20519f7cbc0d65747d15f.gif another http townsquare.media/site/622/files/2013/02/46-bruce-wayne-by-tonydaniel.jpg one of batman .
you can‘t deny that men are just about equally sexualized in media .
but nobody gives a shit about that so society just accepts it .
people got arrested for smelling like weed or cops would falsify evidence lol .
i 've seen people get arrested for medical marijuana only to be cleared after a headache and a half of searching .
funny story i actually did n't like travis at first because i thought he used hella autotune then he released bittsm and i decided to give it a go i fucking loved the album regardless of what anyone thinks i think its a mad album which led me to listen to rodeo then days before rodeo then owl pharaoh and before i knew it i had all his unreleased songs on a playlist eagerly waiting for the release of astroworld ... and now my top 2 albums are rodeo and astroworld .
for me inklings are just too complicated to use and even more if you have many players on screen and items at the same time not worth the effort if want to play against good players that are using easy to use characters
if there is rampant corruption from a few then jail those few .
one disruptive member in a body of 1000 is simply diluted by the size of the sample this would be more of a problem in a smaller body such as a council like the one you mentioned .
i think you 're underestimating how much damage can be created from a small and corrupt yet very influential/powerful minority .
for example one of the reasons multiparty systems are actually generally less stable than two-party systems is because of the tiny extremist parties that get into power keep in mind these are larger legislatures we 're talking about now .
multiparty systems tend to be more stable and successful when there 's a vote threshold e.g .
this may be problems for the groups in the sample but unless the behavior is legal they would have to put up with it .
there are issues with changing the size of the sample such as a change in the margin of error and if a disliked minority were kicking out the whole sample could be made unrepresentative .
let 's be a bit extreme and say that neo-nazis were randomly selected a problem with sortition is that it does n't completely pay attention to character beliefs etc. .
that 's not exactly a group the majority nor many minorities would want to be represented in the sample for obvious reasons .
in a way it 's good that character and beliefs are n't completely paid attention to by sortition e.g .
not worrying about religious discrimination but there is that dark side to it also .
i 'm not sure exactly were i got it .
might have been in one of my statistics classes but i will provide a source .
this will be a source for the plateau effect and how that effects samples .
although i just saw something that said 30 was a rule of thump for the division between large and small samples .
it is a blog but the guy is a ph.d .
i do n't mind that it 's a blog at least there 's no pay wall lol
the margin of error for a sample of 1000 with a confidence interval of 99 for a million people the population size stops mattering for large populations is plus or minus 4.08 .
normally a bill would pass with 50 plus 1 votes but that is in our margin of error so we could raise that to 55 or 54.08 to be out side of the margin of error .
something you might want to do is submit this post also to r/askstatistics .
they would be able to critique the statistical side of your post way better than i could .
i played that a lot when i went abroad for a semester in japan
many open world games return you to the state before the final mission after the ending so you can keep fucking around in the world .
dont ask how but i saw a dudes dick that was literally the size of his forearm .
in think he was 5'5 '' or something and he took the extenze or something for years and always bought year supplies of the stuff .
so i dont think it 's always true about seeing a doc .
while i also recommend a basilosaurus you should take note that they will take constant damage and wo n't heal if very deep .
in my experience that damage has n't been a concern but its something you should be aware of .
the usefulness of being immune to jelly/electro is huge though .
most other things will just die including you if you get caught by a few jellyfish .
who 's the jerk that used the machine and then just discarded their perfectly peeled pineapple with the containers ?
i do n't know dusautoir led by example a lot of mediocre french teams to good results
the death of the ego and the lifting of the veil
anyway i think i get what you 're saying overall and i think you 're wrong .
if you 're only talking about the three abrahamic religions then you 're obviously wrong but i 'm assuming you 're not because come on .
if you 're not then you 're still wrong as different religions reach vastly different endings '' .
i loved the errant knight cloak in year one .
it was big and square and took a shader really well .
no but since i let my toddler use my phone i wan na get on that .
thanks for the reply i have been using it completely on its own as a moisturizer so that might be it .
you got my upvote now get the hell out of town .
i was getting super excited about ombi until getting to this comment lol .
just x2 times faster activation time feels much better when running through map .
his shbg is low or his free t reading is a lab error
he 's coming over tomorrow night to my place to watch a documentary jodorowsky 's dune .
i 'm a huge sci-fi fan and he recommended it to me but have never seen it .
update stefan is currently at 3,600 votes and 23 .
when i posted this he just over 1,000 votes and 17 .
thank you all for keeping this his legacy alive .
i love the front half and hate the back half
i do n't like the nacelles or the giant flat lip '' on the secondary hull but i like the saucer neck and the front of the secondary hull and how the deflector dish is situated .
i think the first thing i said was tactical gameplay .
reading the comments below it seems many people seem to think pastor gray is not a man of god .
i think it 's obvious pastor gray is a true and dedicated servant of his god ... ..money .
losing my mind over here waiting for walmart to restock their vinyls picture frames .
wakacon is my favorite and i 've tried quite a few brands .
ghk is good so is kalm with kava nothing wrong with those .
something about the wakacon just hits me right and i have n't found anything else that feels as good .
the treaty thing was more of a hey that would be really cool '' sort of thought but the remaining units is a more reasonable feature .
in those instances when you just barely destroy a tribe but the units left would have been able to take back that last city for instance if a giant just barely could n't get there in time to kill the unit on the city it could make early game tribe destructions more interesting .
although it would make some of the late game stuff tedious maybe the feature could be worked into the diplomacy idea i had discussed and the remaining units could join the tribe with which said tribe had the strongest alliance with .
oof or here 's an idea that 's probably too op they could join your tribe .
an achievement requiring you to come back from having 0 cities would be really fun .
you should check out images and videos of chickens sunbathing .
i think banshee-44 should do the reforging of y1 gear maybe even involving a vanguard forge '' quest .
god strewth '' or just strewth '' is a minced oath https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minced_oath from god 's truth '' .
crimes against national parks are some of the most abhorrent .
they 're not only cathedrals of nature some of the most beautiful places on earth and last places where you can actually disconnect from every societal evil but they 're extremely delicate things that belong to every future generation .
the trump regime 's assault on them is disgusting and no defense of them is too radical .
i send the bloody stream link to one of my friends every time she gets her period
or pressed the ball hawk button to try and intercept it but end up doing that weird animation where instead of jumping your player just breaks down to make a tackle for no reason .
because they 're mega famous and have to plan a 2000 person funeral ceremony .
the average funeral i 've been to have been 3-5 days after the date of death .
however i 've really only been to funerals for people who were expected to die in the near future so the shits all planned .
honestly one of the best things i 've been told which has worked for me so far is to feed them mostly raw meats .
since they 're 99 carnivores there 's little else they need so we mix in a dry blend made locally that has a few supplements in there to make up for that last 1 of his dietary need .
discords a pretty neat app you 'll like it for sure .
and thats how i felt before i finally had to admit to my family that i had issues .
but when you 're with a therapist its your hour .
you can say as little or as much as you want with no judgement because its a complete stranger .
therapists are there to listen and even try to positively affect your thought process .
i would seriously recommend trying to get in with one .
i 'll have you know the line is you 're very brave ! ''
he reads the same forecast available to any of us
elves are going to get caught up in politics and 10k year old grudges .
if your girlfriend ca n't say no to him now .
the other guy is going to wind up in her pants .
another neat tip is that you can put springrazors and mines on body parts then throw them .
one of my favorite tricks is to take someone 's torso as daud put 6 arc mines on it and then throw it into a group of guards .
or if you really want to have fun just hold the torso covered in mines and sprint through the entire level as it zaps everyone .
i took 20 credits one quarter and it was the hardest quarter out of all of them .
i got for two of the classes i got 4.0 the third 3.9 and fourth 3.8 .
the classes were n't exceptionally hard but the amount of time and work i had to put into it was insane .
for me the benefit of graduating on time was well worth it because i had a weird schedule .
for you the added stress might not be a benefit depending on your schedule
yeah i do n't know how it is with high caliber but it is pure ass .
you gave this sweetheart love and a good home .
you did good by this little one she loves you for it .
thank you i mean that with all my heart .
if it 's too much for you just do n't go beyond the features
finishing this i struggle to believe any of its real i just ca n't handle that knowledge that someone out there is dumber than i would 've thought people .
there 's certainly some strategies to improve your draft game but it 's still a draft .
my favorite is when creepy guys ask if i get a lot of creepy guys .
it 's their way of saying i 'm not one of them !
i did get invited to a scout day for the pirates .
i threw about five pitches didnt top 85 and they said that was good enough i was done .
context some spam account posted this in a youtube video ... it was a police chase with the driver running because of a suspended license violation
i lost my first pregnancy in 2003 due to miscarriage .
i was only a month along and did n't even know i was pregnant until it happened .
all i remember was thinking that my jeans were getting tighter and that i was going to the bathroom a lot more but i did n't think much of it because my weight tends to fluctuate .
anyway i 'm very sorry for your loss and i can relate to your pain .
i 'd honestly love to buy em if they were .
you got a boyfriend🚹 i bet he does n't kiss👄 ya .
blood thirsty scientists will have a meaningful death but no life .
the public might interpret a generic welfare category as comprising only unemployment benefits to dole bludgers .
new york or texas and even though california does better in many ways we 're nothing without the water we 're supplied with from other states
now i may be color blind but i 'm pretty sure that purple
i did this at my school too but the substitute almost called the principal so we didnt have enough time to take a picture
no hacking but get the mouse and keyboard users instead .
they 're substantially different but i would n't say better .
i really do n't know how they 're that bad of a matchup though they 're an extremely inconsistent team just like us and i 'm not worried about playing anybody in the playoffs who is n't a one or two seed .
we 've shown we can go toe to toe with the top dogs but also shown we can step on our own toes while being ko 'd by any team .
if we show consistency and go 3-0 into the playoffs i like our chances now and going into next year against just about anybody rams/saints/chiefs being the exception .
this person needs professional assistance before she harm somone or herself
is martha ruler 's third skill effective against the demon pillars in solomon ?
might want to add some stats and compare to other champs instead of coming straight here whining because you lost lane a few times
yeah but they could 've somehow made it so that those specific lines would n't happen on that certain map .
and if they cant do that then they probably wont have the coding to make map specific voice lines either
... guess i 'll just chill here and wait for a proper response .
unless it 's a bonafide gaming addiction and someone was spending every free minute playing games stealing time from work to play and taking sick days to play .
or you can work in the medical field and always be in pajamas !
unless it 's too much bother does n't america usually imprison someone for the term that the crime rates followed by deportation when they 've finished serving it ?
saw it just the other day for an assault on a plane 9 years imprisonment followed by a one way ticket back to india .
ask her what specifically you would be apologizing for ?
from what you have written here there does n't seem to be any need to apologize .
tesla will be a large cap in less than 5 years .
my dad actually named me after superman kryptonian name lol nice to see other superman fans
even if i was on his team i wouldve reported and vote kicked .
i would n't be surprised if at least one enemy did .
you would have returned runaway slaves to their masters with that attitude .
you right but mental disorders can make you one sadly .
i believe it is a combination of that and following age restrictions precisely .
try inaugural address play a little range initially and once you have kill clip running you melt the howlers by their second shot .
im an xbox peasant though so ca n't comment on wave splitter
so there 's no milk and cookies in your life ?
midnight bowls of cereal or peanut butter and crackers w ice cold glass of milk to cleanse the pallet ?
it was n't even subtext he literally talked about it throughout the game
... i do n't think it 's worked out the same way in my experience .
alarmists kept pushing and we have france as an example .
burned doll firebreak and ching coins recon got fixed dec. 13th
lets just forget the dedicated fan base that for more than a decade has given our development the recognition we deserved for so long .
let 's throw it all the way in favor of paid reviewers and drown our game in personal agendas to the point it is n't actual history it 's our history .
you would technically still need to transport those materials along with feeding and housing the drones who do the work .
so while there is n't a true market '' you could argue that it 's more like a restocking fee .
as for where they come from i ca n't really help with that
the best answer to this is to check the market then check bdocodex to see the materials .
when checking the market also look at how long something has been listed is it an hour and only a couple thousand up or is it 4 days with 50k up ?
in regards to your cron meal question no its a waste of money .
only make the seafood cron meal and pve one for yourself .
i expect you to ignore the following but i 've written it down anyway in the hopes that you are actually willing to read it with an open mind and respond as you claimed was your intent in coming here .
there is a stark correlation between how muslims are treated in the usa vs the amount of muslim representation in media for example .
muslims are an underrepresented group and americans are ignorant to how muslims actually act and what they believe because they rarely are in contact with them .
something tells me you only know a couple extremely moderate muslims if at all or those who pretend to be moderate .
so what you are saying applies to you too .
i 've grown up around muslims some of my relatives are muslim and some of my friends are muslim .
in fact around 3 hours ago a muslim left my house after he stayed over having done his usual saturday binge drinking .
let me tell you right now the way muslims are portrayed in the media is way too fucking nice .
yeah some of them are decent hardworking people but the majority are even more backwards than what you think the conservative voting american is .
you probably think it 's a myth that they and by this 'they ' i 'm referring to the backwards ones refer to white women as whores you 're right but only because they refer to all non-muslim women as whores it 's just that because in general white women are n't muslim they still talking about the backwards ones have no qualms on making such a statement about white women in general .
i know this because i 've on a great many occasions heard them express this sentiment amongst eachother while in bars .
that friend i mentioned the one who stayed over after his usual saturday binging ?
i 've known him for over 30 years this year he found out that i was an ethnic jew because someone else brought up a joke i made at the expense of my own ethnicity earlier that day .
the amount of anti-jew conspiracy crap he threw at me that day was astounding amongst which that the jews were behind 9/11 because 'no jew died in the twin towers ' i had to read off the names of those who died there to get through to him
here 's the thing something the press does n't tell you .
a lot of muslims do n't follow western news and the 'news ' that goes around on social media amongst them not to mention the arabic 'news ' sites is worse than any of the crap alex jones comes up with .
now keep in mind that i live in europe where over 40 of the muslims are fundamentalists .
in most arabic countries that percentage lies at over 90 .
when people tell you that the pakistani grooming gangs in the uk are not just raping young girls but committing hate crimes aswell while doing so they are n't lying .
just look at how they think about christians in pakistan .
for example asia bibi the christian woman that spent most of a decade in death row over accusations of blasphemy after local muslims got pissed at her for drinking from the same cup as them .
when the ruling was overturned and she was acquitted it spawned protests calling for not only her death but that of the pakistani supreme court members who overturned the ruling .
christians schools were indefinitely closed and the government had to shut down mobile phone networks .
mere days after she was acquitted she was already barred from leaving that country and those who were arrested for the way they conducted themselves during the protests were released .
you actually think that they all leave that mentality behind when they immigrate to western countries ?
17 of the danish muslims are willing to hide jihadists from the police .
https translate.google.com/translate ? sl=nl tl=en js=y prev=_t hl=nl ie=utf-8 u=https 3a 2f 2fwww.nrc.nl 2fnieuws 2f2017 2f01 2f04 2fvijftig-miljoen-moslims-accepteren-geweld-6023657-a1539706 edit-text act=url
i get that at the end of this you are going to want to deny what i 've just told you as much as possible .
and that is the difference between you and me i try my best to not outright dismiss something as false just because i do n't like hearing it .
so think about what i 've told you every time you talk about how intolerant conservative americans are or how stupid they are for having their christian beliefs and know that there is another group out there that is much much worse than that .
and just to be absolutely clear about this to keep any and all misunderstanding out of this realm
i do n't have a problem with moderate muslims i definitely do n't have a problem with those from those countries who are n't muslim anymore or never were to begin with .
i do have a problem with the refusal of those on the far left to address the very real problems that come from muslim extremism as well as their desire to censor people who want to talk about these problems .
we ca n't stick our head in the sand and pretend it is n't happening no more than we can in the case of other forms of extremism .
and we should n't be bowing down to any violent groups such as with charlie hebdo .
charlie hebdo satirized and mocked islam the same way they did with christians and jews .
after the attack at charlie hebdo a lot of people responded by saying that they should n't have made cartoons of muhammad and by doing so they were engaging in victim blaming .
i do n't care if you found their cartoons to be tasteless but noone should say that they brought it on themselves for having drawn those cartoons just like noone should say that women brought it upon themselves just because they found the way those women dressed to be tasteless .
my plan is to play robertson transfer for taa and bench doherty and start jimenez .
liverpool have beaten 4-0 away at bournemouth i 'm sure with wolves ' much worse defence they will score at least 2
oxcarts would be cool too as a way to transport villagers as the cow pulls it by you pressing forward two villagers max maybe will hop on and you can take them to another village ?
perhaps horses could be an upgrade for faster travel with each villager reducing speed ?
i think they are not on very good terms anymore by now .
was n't there also something about him not being allowed to advertise his game on the old sc forums and him saying somewhere he did n't believe in the project anymore ?
if you match your corners by speed or route running and what not this has happened to me
do n't feel special is not just for asians ...
plenty of black latinas and other minorities '' love that dynamic
as mx i showed up to work mid shift and made sure the jets were ready to fly .
i did n't go out of my way to do anything crazy neither did anyone else .
did you find a way to save the air force millions of dollars ?
did you complete all scheduled mx on time that year ?
i 'm out now so it does n't matter to me anymore .
he and another dude were after the same girl and i guess he decided to lock her down emotionally '' .
shows the duality of man and how the military kills individuality to make the perfect soldier .
i 'm planning on joining and it is the best movie i 've ever seen kubrick film btw
the underwear story never fails to put me in stitches .
we do n't need to sell off public land to rich corporations .
as exhaust pushing it down cause the ribbon cable to press against the fan and thus it ca n't spin .
if use as intake pushing down the fan frame protects and the fan can spin freely .
edit i was able to fit the 80x10 fan over the evga psu area .
temps were slightly better but since i like my pc silent while browsing i can definitely hear the fan noise even with a noctua noise restriction adapter and stealth '' fan mode in the bios .
i took it out and will not be using it .
question to op or anyone reading is there a best '' way to finish a cutting board ?
i made one a month ago and it 's already warped
damnit i had moved on and now i 'm back staring at it up close
there was never any doubt in my mind that trump 's rabid fanbase was in direct response to a black president .
even the criticism of obama had nothing to do with his actual policies it was always about the color of his skin .
i feel like everybody knows this but only the far left call it out .
trump is the result of a rabid motivated invigorated racist base .
he 's the most unqualified man to ever hold the office .
he 's an objective failure on any measurable metric .
he 's human garbage occupying what was once the most powerful prestigious and important office in the entire world .
the american century has ended with an overweight insecure bloviating con-man leading the charge .
i wish i could remember any specific lines it may instead be that she 's the strongest of the weasleys and more in the books than the movies for sure .
a google search shows that she was able to project a patronus at just 14 pretty rare i think harry 's the only other to do that that we see .
also she 's the 7th child and the first weasley daughter in 7 generations and 7 is a powerful number in the books that 's what this page says anyway .
especially as long as you do n't ruin someone else 's experience go nuts .
it used to be that you 'd open the scoreboard and press a on their name and then scroll to mute player .
yeah lets all have a useless chat so that primetime does n't have to talk to his clanmates s
i 've never tried a vegan cheese yet but i 'm hopeful since vegan mayo/butter to me does n't taste that different .
it 's crazy how much the 3 point shot has become a major part of the game .
not sure how many more 3s attempted now compared to 10 to 15 years ago but it has to be a huge jump .
last season he could n't stop screaming yes '' and smiling ear to ear .
no i am from australia and there is no us presence here besides bi-annual military exercises we hold with the marines up north along with indonesia japan china singapore and a whole host of other countries .
this is a question best suited to the monthly megathread https www.reddit.com/r/3dprinting/comments/a2krm9/purchase_advice_megathread_what_to_buy_who_to_buy we set aside for purchase advice .
just killing scores of people does n't work and makes for the best recruitment tool for the people you want to kill .
i mean if you 're for real about wanting to end all that shit the only real way is to become a permanent occupying force for generations and make the whole region more secular .
oh wow other people like music that i do n't ?
except when she went off to nepal to live and work with orphans for months .
i find her incredibly down to earth will be a great social worker .
i 'm at tier 8 maps right now and syndicate members red beasts and a few bosses have been proving to be a real struggle i 'm gon na move armageddon brand to chest and put flamethrower in 4 link but i 'm struggling to figure out what i should replace my weapons with best options seem to be doryani 's catalyst and a shield or another high damage sceptre or dual wield of the seventh sun .
i am not a professional by any means but i can offer my opinion on the matter .
i remember watching his interview on the news and my heart sank .
there were no tears no emotion on his face his posture was tense and closed .
he said not sure of his exact wording we had an emotional conversation that morning but i 'll leave it at that '' .
does n't that immediately make you want a little more detail ?
he 's refused kb 's family access to their daughter .
these are all things that make him look bad .
the saying perception is reality '' seems fitting in these types of cases .
if i went to you college i 'd be trying to make you at least bi
some topics do n't fit the atmosphere of the sub and are better suited elsewhere » https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/w/rules/banned
statements on a crush ex significant other or relationship and dating advice
if you have any questions we ask that you message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/casualconversation subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/comments/a6us64 ⇢ directly for appeals .
they were last year and the same this year .
the more these darn teachers try to keep their classrooms safe the more kids that want to go full-on rambo in the cafeteria .
if we just let the kids bring their crystal meth and hand guns to school we 'd see quite a bit less tragic headlines in the news .
hope i will die in my sleep in my mid 70s
it would be so cool to see how they analyze or interpret em 's lyrics .
the songs are sonically and lyrically so multi layered that it 's almost like a puzzle to them i would think trying to follow his rhyme and and how he flows to the beat .
sounds like you should lay off the step family porn on pornhub my dude
could n't god have made this specific issue clearer ?
dude does n't even say the attraction in itself is sinful just the sexual stuff and even that is debated
nah the plains suck compared to all the other regions .
conversely it 's also perfect for the guy because a woman who imposes these is probably not looking for something casual despite being on goddamn tinder .
the best way to help them is to get them to engage their own critical thinking skills by asking them to explain the logic .
patently asking questions as each layer of disinformation falls apart is the only real method of breaking through .
i want time to heal before i can even think about a friendship with minimal communication .
i 'm too angry at him at the moment .
maybe in the future once he 's matured and realised what an ass he 's been we can try again but he has a lot to learn first and so do i. i need more self esteem and to get into a better mental state which deteriorated greatly throughout the relationship because it was so hurtful and stressful abd i 'm only just now starting go dig my way out of that .
note that im not taking this guys side obviously he 's wrong but there is no need to escelate the situation via blackmail you could just as easy probably shatter his confidence tell him to fuck off or even ignore him with the relative same result
also you clearly never played the older versions of firing range
we 're at a 3 you went to 9 .
the major difference is the cannabis is a fast growing annual plant that can be selectively bred in a fairly short time .
kratom is a tree that can take years to fully mature .
it would be a very long process to cross a couple plants sort through the offspring and breed the next generation rinse and repeat until the desired results are achieved .
increasing 7-ohm content probably would n't be a great idea either .
the current ratio of mitragynine to 7-ohm is part of why kratom is fairly safe and has low addiction potential .
assuming kratom is able to stay legal 7-ohm levels are likely to be regulated .
as a resident of michigan i wish i had a third arm so i could give this three thumbs-up .
gurley going to give me negative points i 'm never drafting him again
we need to get to t a h i t i
with student loans and some credit card debt i would like a little more in my bi-weekly checks
each allowance will mean an extra 22 4150 913 or so that 4150 number has n't been determined for 2019 yet that i can find more in your paychecks over the year but then of course that means you owe 913 more later on .
i would suggest following the irs guidance so 2 allowances and learning good budgeting practice .
the extra 913\*6.8 2 or whatever in interest is n't worth having to owe the irs nearly 1,000 next year .
i also think dual hammers was a dumb weapon to give him .
i also think that slayer should be able to use a ranged weapon because slayers are n't stupid they would surely be less likely to use one but if the opportunity presented itself for some reason they would know how to do it easily .
i mean there 's a ton of merit in your sort of slippery-slope question and a ton of situational kind of reasoning lore-wise why something is good or bad .
the thing i 've found that i like now after dicking around in the modded realm and getting into this new dlc is yeah just give me all the weapons for each character but i do n't need to cross different character weapons really .
people tend to follow the career opportunities that living in a big city can provide .
there 's probably some nerdy ass reason i 'm not aware of .
details of this post wts 1940 's rose gold and copper elgin 559 https www.reddit.com/r/watchexchange/comments/a6v2k5/wts_1940s_rose_gold_and_copper_elgin_559 '' by u/razzynathan .
razzynathan details r/watchexchangefeedback https www.reddit.com/r/watchexchangefeedback/search ? q=razzynathan sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all feedback .
r/watchexchange https www.reddit.com/r/watchexchange/search ? q=author 3arazzynathan sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all posts .
the presence of this message does not indicate a need to message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/watchexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
you know this ppv is going poorly if ziggler comes out to a pop
i love vb but it 's a water park not a third gate .
if that was the case then wdw would have 6 gates .
i-sama mo yung st therese of the child jesus sa marcos highway going to antipolo .
the ending for gow carries and emotional punch but in a different form than spider-man .
14 most redditors are below 30 so reddit would be more barren that post snap mcu if it was 30
i do n't think i ever figured out how to catch the bees before they stung me .
are you supposed to swing the net at the swarm or the hive ?
fortnite is still very unstable usually crashes 5 times before i can actually get on and plays at 20 fps in fights .
this is n't a problem with my computer i can run battlefield one at high settings at a good frame rate .
it never used to be like this something is wrong .
currently we are doing reorganizing of the company however we did work on squad linking where squads can queue together .
it is in the final development stage but we do not have a release date as of yet .
2010 we had one of the best offenses ever and brady was nuts
even if they managed to get in the playoffs they have no chance at all to win anything .
so it is n't cinema because it does n't tell a story ?
this alone is one of the dumbest things i ever heard
i 'm not sure how that 's one of the dumbest things you 've ever heard .
story is the first thing we critique when we 're talking about a film .
the story is the most important part of any film .
if cinema does n't tell a story then it fails .
reducing cinema to the act of telling stories about the human condition is so fucking dumb
i 'm sorry i do n't make the storytelling rules .
but as humans we can only identify with things we have experienced or can empathize with .
that is n't so dumb if you ask me .
movies that evoke emotion out of us tend to be the best ones .
i 've seen pretty much all 15 movies in that 7 year stretch between 1960 and 1967 actually .
i had a huge french new wave phase back in highschool and college .
again i do n't find his movies compelling at all .
purposely taking your audience out of a film is n't really a valuable technique .
the flying bike scene and hans landa 's introduction are far better than the one minute of silence scene in bande a part .
for one the flying bike scene is a magical moment because of elliot and et 's relationship that was built throughout the film .
it 's so satisfying because of the conflict that was setup .
they 're being chased by bad guys and et makes them fly to get away .
it perfectly sets up his character and it feels so threatening because we have no idea if he knows the truth or not but feeling like he probably does .
i mean hans landa is a ruthless cunning killer .
the one minute of silence in the cafe scene does n't even pale in comparison it 's just not even worthy of being in the same ballpark .
it 's an effective way of disengaging the audience i 'll give godard that .
sorry if come off sounding like i want to take away guns .
i have no problem with guns got a shotgun here and a old pistol .
my issue is that there shiuld be better background checks of easier access to mental health health .
the daughter being this off putting makes it semi believable debbie went to john in a fictional sense .
all those new la football fans got ta have something to do
but it 's objectively embarrassing for him to be so highly regarded as a presidential contender already
when trump is the president does it really makes sense to be embarrassed about a guy from congress to be polling well in an election ?
in terms of experience he 's roughly as experienced as obama was .
in terms of profile in the national media and fundraising ability he looks like an excellent candidate .
pretty soon she 's gon na start busting her own head open
do you still have the same connection to your team ?
i dont know how i would feel if the birds moved .
you do realize that you just making assumptions your self right .
there is a 95 chance that she is absolutely fine .
and was just over reacting to a simple mallet bumping into her .
and you need to make the arguement that i hate women or i think men are better then women .
not sure which it is or maybe a slight variation somewhere along those lines though .
just checked it out and you 'll have to do some really complicated exploit but it is possible
just making an observation that you 're either running a tool from a ma manufacturer or an exploit from a third party either of which requires some trust .
the target of both is your phone bootloader if you dont trust the tool to not be dodgy how can you trust the phone afterwards ?
richard steven valenzuela may 13 1941 – february 3 1959 known professionally as ritchie valens was a mexican american singer songwriter and guitarist .
a rock and roll pioneer and a forefather of the chicano rock movement valens ' recording career lasted eight months as it abruptly ended when he died in a plane crash .
towns only needs 57 rebounds in the next game to join him .
sometimes it helps to think of some other perspectives of the issue .
you also probably already know from experience that they 'll eventually stop so battle through it !
is it about something that will matter in a few years ?
even if it 's the latter i imagine it 's still very exhausting .
it would be more simliar if you could choose which loa .
since cthun was something you could play in every class the loa you got on the other hand..
it 's nice that we are both equally important to you .
do i get a stocking at your house or is that moving too fast ?
yeah from what i understand he 's not very stable and is open about killing anyone that tries to break into his house .
once again just work rumors but at work we know to stay off his property .
no joke i would recommend getting a larger eurocave unit that can hold 150 bottles
how many points is goff sitting at in standard right now ?
no we should tank like that guy in the post game thread said .
not sure if this is a common considering that 1 i can cast spells on opponents turns 2 it already arrives on curve by turn 2 and 3 a good limited curve will almost always grow it by 1 per turn .
i would n't call getting a woman who plays hard to get rewards . ''
i 'll post here in the sub if/when we reprint .
really glad to see the love for this and will help me convince the artist to print some more
i reset my shield tv and it did n't help .
my sony android tv works just fine with plex playback .
this states only for rich people paying lip service to the middle working poor and homeless unfortunately .
it 's only gotten worse with the rise of silicon valley .
hopkins is definitely the best receiver in the league right now .
he 's just not talked about like ab julio and obj
they will make so much more money once the mod actually progressing what 's the point of faking it when that would just get you less money
that seventh picture ... ..i giggled and facepalmed at the same time .
generally people wave their hands and then start pushing/touching stuff .
sorry your recent post https redd.it/a6w60s still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
i need charlotte to lose because i 'm living for this insecure i ca n't win so i need to beat my opponent half to death with weapons thing she 's got going on .
i do n't slide through here often but what is happening ?
yas players bad/toxic is pretty much 98 true in my lol experience .
then theres that 2 when the yas hits his 10 death power spike and finally finishes his pd then carries the game
you 're hard pressed to go wrong with paleo if you just stick to basically meat and veggies .
more veggies than typical keto but similar enough that you should be fine
i think because besides the bears game our road team is a lot worse compared to the home patriots .
it seems today though we shot ourselves in the foot way way to much .
ansem sod was a heartless which is why the light killed him .
entertainings get the causative activity stand for of the word reddit output unstylishes some the word blue-green and it .
this is a speculate disadvantages to the piquant treatment construct essential writer enfold learning time up out of the website which is reddit .
i try my best but my best is 80 mediocrity 20 hilarity .
i literally fucking hate shield ops witha burning passion .
cheapest easiest way i helped my parents clean theirs out was a leaf blower from the inside so the mess ends outside
porterhouse steak sweet potato fries crab coca cola and a chocolate milkshake
apparently it 's a verb with a past tense of yoted . ''
thanks but i think i 'll stick with someone who 's going to update his stuff and supports the product https sfrpgtools.com
i 'm accepting every suggestion not a dumb answer at all .
worth 500k for him to play and win a game each week .
if i start making enamel pins i 'll make one that says that .
well yeah if i was playing incineroar i 'd probably be manually taunting after every stupid thing i did i 'm just saying there 's a 100 chance of seeing a ton of top 10 taunt to get bodied moments '' videos with this clip in it .
i look back on my love life and i 'm like dang ... look at all the things i 've passed up out of fear .
my self-preservation kicks into high gear holding me back and i 'm tired of it controlling my life !
i do enjoy sick cats though i always assumed it was a woman .
well now you get to not check that off .
i 'm worried that it wo n't work with it being the entire channel but this would be less permanent than glue .
while i 'll admit my phone is n't the latest or greatest it does n't struggle with either pokemon go or ingress prime .
your level of sarcasm comprehension is on par with your number of bj 's given tonight bravo .
i would 've loved this game back in the day but it 's way too old for me to like now .
recognizing that asian model minority assimilation props up white power white privilege and white supremacism
acting in a more ethnocentric way and realizing white wasps are not your allies .
wan na try to turn come get ya head slappy into a thing ?
i 'm in texas and my area is pretty competitive so the norm is almost all vld debates are with experienced judges and this is the first time i 've ever seen or had a non-debate judge especially in vld .
i normally only complete on the local circ so i see all the same judges over and over and even in nld i never once had a parent judge .
well i spent 1:30 to not drop the debater but to crystallize the fact that he only made a single argument against my terrorism or fascism impacts that terrorism was declining overall and when i pointed those out in the 1ar that not only did he not provide any evidence for that i asked him in cx too and he said he did n't have any evidence on hand but he brought up that evidence in the nr .
so by crystallizing this it should have made sense that all my impacts should have been extended .
reading this made me remember how much i love reading books .
it 's been too long since i 've read something this good .
my sister just bought a 3000sqft house with 80 acres 45 mins outside of nashville for just under 300k .
400k will damn near buy a nice log cabin in the mountains of east tn and a house a block from the beach in fl ... have you considered relocation ?
bump your ram voltage to 1.38v and soc to 1.15v and see if this works for you .
i want to watch this but i have a quick question for you .
are there manga spoilers for attack on titan in the video ?
im all caught up through season 3 for the anime i just do not want to watch the video and hit any manga spoilers .
super interested in what you have to say about this though !
in the sixties i made love to many many women .
and maybe end it with i could use your friendship right now ''
that makes it pretty clear what you want from her
one is too many though and cant be justified by any amount of decent asmr .
i do listen to asmr and get extremely frustrated by the likes of h3h3s igorance on the subject .
even if the girl is doing this 100 of her own accord .
thalia guardian of thraben https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/a25/36.jpg ? 1521724900 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=thalia 2c 20guardian 20of 20thraben sf https scryfall.com/card/a25/36/thalia-guardian-of-thraben ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/97ff44c9-6ff5-432d-9876-488c96833c39 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
when i started on emerald vanu my only char like years ago tr had the highest population always doing massive zergs everywhere .
woke is n't really a gen z invention but it comes from people who think they are woke think people who use sheeple inironically .
like if you say sports are dumb and pointless and only intellectuals will agree people will sarcastically call you woke even tho u are n't .
it is rare for my wife to sneeze under 4 times .
7 8 or even 9 smaller sneezes are quite common for her .
how did you go about starting a conversation with someone so incredibly far away ?
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/a6x7ag/does_he_like_me_hes_pretty_shy_help_needed_pls and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likley consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
i have sine mora ex for switch and would like billy hatcher but i 'd come up short .
let me know if you see anything else on my list to make up the difference .
or if you do n't want sine mora then nevermind https www.reddit.com/r/gameswap/comments/a6jlpv/usanj\_h\_variety\_of\_games\_gaming\_accessories\_w\_my https www.reddit.com/r/gameswap/comments/a6jlpv/usanj_h_variety_of_games_gaming_accessories_w_my
i have never been able to walk in them it 's like lurch from the addams family
not comic book related but i 've saved this comment for years because i thought i could n't do heels either
hello my name is shaysdays and i perform on crappy bar stages in hells with my cover band after being a tomboy for years and years .
i 'm here to teach you how to walk in heels .
her degree of violence she 's willing to commit is slowly escalating
that 's more a reversion back to her old habits than anything new .
genetic testing would prove that average filipinos are not that mixed compared to places in south america .
unless she 's thinking the same thing i am and it 's not legal here ?
like now it 's real to her and she 's actually brought him to the us .
i guess unfortunately this might be the only drama they can manufacturer because it 's a legit couple .
i have the odo helm and the butterfly set fully upgraded and i just about a few hours ago started using the 2 to last odo light bg but before that i was using the first rath insect glaive but i have learned his move set it 's just hard for me to get out of the way most of the time but i do n't have any misma jewels .
or every 15 rounds for one game you get 20 mins worth of tier progression as a cap .
you then have to start the game over and get to rounds 1-15 again to get another 20 mins worth of progression .
maybe a weekly challenge tier s skip skip like 2-3 tiers for completing it every week on top of the dailies itll only be for zombies .
spain partially controlled parts of usa such as florida or puerto rico which were then lost in battle or sold as payment .
they technically controled the southern part of usa but never got a foothold because there was fuck all in there and new spain did n't have an army so it was a hassle to move troops there and fully control the territory uk also used a diferent method to colonize they sent british citizens to start a new life in colonial america while the spanish just took over and then sent some hugher spanish officer
so they have a return policy 60 of the time zing
besides i watched it with my wife we are both 38 and had fun with it .
the cheese-it bowl is a historic game with great traditions do n't me
i could see ilana glazer playing her that 's who she reminds me of more than anyone else .
do you feel smarter after that smug idiotic post that puts words in my mouth ?
ca n't imagine how infrequently you must get laid to make that post early monday morning
are those manned when the p-270 moskit missile fires ?
that must be wild and scary as shit having just a layer of ballistic glass in between you and all that scorching hot exhaust .
the doggo might have deserved that just a tiny bit 😆 just because as a sort of extension of the spine tails are super sensitive !
the bible called for the death penality for homosexuality for disrespecting your parents witchcraft oh the amount of people murdered for that adultery and probably more but i do n't want to reread that shit .
there are a lot of christians out there who want homosexuals gone .
abrahamic religions in general are kind of fond of killing people .
also you did n't say how many diamonds you wanted
why would you say something so bold yet so true .
believing miscegenation is genocide could just as easily argue for black supremacy or asian supremacy .
it does not somehow follow from that alone that she supports white supremacy .
who the fuck munches sunflower seeds that does n't have wings ?
well bbs gravity devours thing chews em up and spits em back out while fujis crushes things downards .
so ... id bet bbs is basically instakill for whatever gets taken in .
the witcher 4 could come out tomorrow with all new plot but using the same assets and everything else you mention from the witcher 3 yet that 'd be brand new game .
communism the repeatedly failed ideology that killed over 100million of its own people .
you know what they say about dying as an immigrant in america .
i know someone i can use this line on .
probably tomorrow because he always has something smart to say .
a suprise to be sure but a welcome one .
gl pugging a full frost resist and full nat resist tank for hydross .
the chances of a pug gettin through ssc were fucking tiny .
just because you saw people in 2 grouping for it does n't mean they got anywhere
i 'll bet the artist 's street fighter main is always chun-li ...
this is too good it needs worse stats or higher mana cost .
op gave the example of folks in op 's northern area talking shit about people in the south being trumptards '' which is a generalization .
i responded to that example specifically while also agreeing with op 's overall point .
if you keep looking you might find something else to get upset about !
legit just sat here and counted in my head to make sure .
it was awfully quiet here leading up to this game vs the rams 🤔
sockets are kept out of reach of children but not to present them with revolvers lying around in reach .
you 're lucky that the kid has n't hurt himself or someone else .
he has been shilling for brexit for a year some funny past comments about him championing the brilliance of leaving the eu mostly due to invading brown people .
he also hates ireland and has no clue about their history but posts his 'educated ' opinions anyway .
i 've got a fair few of them at least
but moa has said before that one of her favorite things to do is to just kick back and watch anime or play games .
normally pundits are pretty useless but one of them made a fantastic point .
xhaka behaved like a midfielder in a defensive position .
he was n't aware of how he should have been moving and covering for that first goal .
it was some pretty standard defending that a player actually trained as a defender would more likely have been able to recognise .
i would rather we took a chance with an u23 or u21 .
we were up shit creek anyway playing midfielders in defence is shocking .
yeah he was special but it was n't worth it y'know .
i 'm okay now just cringing from time to time .
those this mean for example when it is finished that league of legends on wine might have better performance ?
because there isnt a possibility that he injects a venom in your body that makes you die an excruciating death instead he goves you a small pinch
ok cause i just traded brogdon and portis for roco so hopefully it looks turns out well .
but the right one for me is out there and i will meet her very soon .
christmas pollux is pretty fantastic but there 's other non-event units that you could pull that would also be worth keeping .
5 snow 5 surtr and 5 aizen are ridiculously good for example .
they 're not limited so they could be pulled whenever but still good 5\*s are rare enough i 'd keep em .
the visual of you zooming down the stairs and making a bee-line straight for the toilet was just beautiful .
i 'm not sure how treyarch/activision feels about adding soe/cotd crews .
i 'd love them but they said they did n't have high hopes on adding the soe crew which likely means they wo n't be adding them or cotd crews .
has anyone got the video of the kohli wicket pls
have a look at that squad but it requires you to use custom tactics to put the players in their correct positions
it 's quite well balanced with two box to box midfielders veron and dembele
if want more defensive then go with keane gattuso etc who are around that price range too
yeah yeah there is one photo in traps subreddit with an angle on his ass .
it is just a matter of time when he do more .
yeah this is why i 'm farming for it right now .
going on 28 orchids without drop mag kill clip rampage
lyon 's getting wickets because he 's the best spinner in the world vihari got a bit lucky you 've got to admit .
jadeja has been the best indian spinner for the last couple of seasons even better than ashwin .
he is the best indian bowler acc to icc rankings but the indian team underrates him .
jadeja is a transformed bowler since 2015 unfortunately he has n't been given any opportunity to play overseas this year apart from once in england .
he has not played a single match in australia till date .
you are just being delusional if you think jadeja would n't have been effective in the match .
comparing agar to post 2015 jadeja you have lost it mate .
if they delay the patch it 's not because of the drama .
as long as we compete then that 's what matters
is there a correlation with active managers finding it easier to outperform with the rise of indexing ?
i can only imagine the pain you 're going through to spew so much hate .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required topic tags .
please read the youtubers wiki entry on topic tags https www.reddit.com/r/youtubers/wiki/index wiki_topic_tags for the complete list and their usage .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
it also supposedly increases the number of bracket options pop up to clear out duds and reset tries .
i do n't understand why ls even gets more votes than the db at similar skill they will do similar damage but at low skill they 're both equally annoying but an ls has way more range to trip you with .
what they 'll actually do is copypaste the first paragraph from wikipedia without actually understanding what it is saying .
this part is my favourite these golden boys can never define corporatism or syndicalism when you ask what the above passage refers to and how ' insert politician their insulting ' has a fascist economic system in any way .
at the disco high hopes.. hard being a first born son .
i 'm thinking of getting a custom paint job on my peloton .
probably a huge painting of a nude woman on the back of a fire-breathing dragon flying low above flanders and destroying everything in its way .
would be cool to see some pictures of your custom-painted pelotons .
it was to prevent spam in a pre bitcoin having value '' era .
uninstall and let someone hide it if it 's a physical copy ?
i hate it when people use harvested it makes it sound like we are worth cash and harvestable
remember your relatives asking you what did you use this internet for ?
helicopter areas in simulator battles game mode have been moved within the cover of the airfield anti-aircraft batteries .
the appearance of animated objects in locations have been improved .
the altitudes in the locations imperial gardens '' and guiana highlands have been corrected .
a bug has been fixed where airfields that have n't been detected still continue to operate and did n't disappear from the map even being behind the front line due to the displacement of the front line only discovered airfields were correctly processed when the frontline shifted .
background activity in ai vehicles that does n't affect the outcome has been added in all enduring confrontation missions unrelated to generated ground battles and convoys as seen in the locations stalingrad sicily ruhr and khalkhin-gol .
convoys have been added to all enduring confrontation missions as in summer stalingrad mission where convoys are active .
the ground convoy template has been redone to avoid conflicts with the front line mechanics added in previous updates .
in short each airfield has 4 modules the runway fuel storage facilities residential area aircraft parking .
the status of each module is visible on the airfield icon and affects the airfield functionality .
the general hp of an airfield consists of the hp of its modules — bombs that have fallen into an already destroyed module or have fallen into the body of an airfield but outside the module do not cause damage .
all airfields on all enduring confrontation missions have been replaced by updated ones in order to be compatible to the new mechanics .
new airfields have also been improved to allow a more comfortable take off and landing due to an increase in runway length .
test ec mission added for helicopters in the location tunisia .
now the task to protect the convoy will be given when the convoy has been detected by the enemy and the enemy team receives the task to destroy the convoy .
detection range for convoys has been changed from 4,500 to 15,000 metres to make it easier for players to find them .
convoy will fulfill their task when they reach the sector which is in contact with the front line .
the convoy which has reached the final point of its route will maximally increase the military presence of the friendly team in the sector hidden parameter .
capturing an air zone by one of the teams increases th combat presence of that team to a maximum in the sector hidden parameter .
sectors that have maximum combat presence of one of the teams will have a battle triggered where ground forces of that team will be an attacking party .
thus several ground battles can be active at a time .
since several ground battles may be active at the same time these tasks have been removed from the journal .
the mechanics of field repair has been added to ground rb battles for the following modifications in addition to the existing ones gun barrel breech traverse and elevation drives .
damaging the barrel completely blocks firing for 30 seconds after that firing is carried out with degraded parameters 15 times more scatter 2 times less shell speed and 2 times reduced armour penetration .
by damaging the breech the firing will be completely blocked for 30 seconds after that shots will experience random misfires .
the failure of the elevation and traverse drives completely blocks rotating and elevating of the weapon vertically for 15 seconds after which the speed of traverse is limited to 3 degrees per second and and the range of angles on elevation will be limited to 1.5° from the angle in which the mechanism was damaged .
for field repair of all listed modules the vehicle needs to be stationary .
mechanics that limit atgm vehicle speed have been added .
a missile can not be launched if a vehicle exceeds a preset speed .
this feature has been enabled for most atgm vehicles that had it in reality .
for rakpz 2 begleitpanzer bmp-1 bmp-2 warrior swingfire striker strv 81 type 60 atm m113a1 amx13 ss11 full stop is required on the m3 bradley shooting is allowed at a speed not faster than 10 km/h .
mechanics that limit atgm vehicle cruise control speed has been added .
this feature has been enabled for most atgm vehicles that had it in reality .
mi-4 — engine and compressor modifications for the reciprocating-engine have been fixed .
mi-24v p — ir signature suppression ir counter measures and electro-optical modulator modules have been added .
air to air missiles have been added — р-60 and р-60m .
mi-24 all modifications — possibility of using fab-500m-54 bombs has been added .
mi-35m — ir signature suppression ir counter measures and electro-optical modulator modifications have been added .
ah-1z — ir signature suppression ir counter measures modifications have been added .
tow blocking display of unguided rocket preset has been fixed .
the following atgms have been added agm-114b and hellfire .
uh-1b uh-1c — new weaponry has been added 40mm grenade launcher that can be mounted in the nose turret as well as combinations of two 7.62mm m134 machine guns and two blocks of hydra-70 rockets .
s.o.8000 narval — class of the aircraft has been changed source https forum.warthunder.ru/index.php ? topic/245763-1791125-so8000-narval-dvukhmotornyi-li-istrebitel .
yak-9ut — the displaying of the information about the н-37 and нс-45 cannons in the x-ray view by switching the weaponry modification has been fixed .
f4f-3 — the number of rounds for machine guns has been fixed .
p-40e-1 — the number of rounds for machine guns has been fixed source https forum.warthunder.com/index.php ? topic/412814-wrong-ammunition-count-on-p-40e-models
i-185 м-71 — armour on the armoured seat has been fixed .
spitfire f mk.22 mk.24 — ammo load for wing mounted cannons has been fixed internal cannons 175 rounds external 150 rounds .
su-2 tss-1 — defensive turret deflection angles have been adjusted .
ki-32 — separate bomb drop has been added for 100 kg bombs .
a-26b-10 — offensive armament variant for the two 37mm m-4 cannons has been added .
fab-100 — bomb mass and explosives mass has been corrected .
me 163 all modifications — take off from the airfield has been added .
fm changes for all aircraft planes momentum force calculation and roll balancing when different wing sections are damaged has been improved a bug that caused excessive roll when wing root was damaged that usually lead to losing control in all control modes has been fixed .
do 217 all modifications power plant performance updated polars of the wing fins and fuselage recalculated .
detailed characteristics can be found in the data sheet .
la-9 fm has been updated according to act №105 dated 18.10.1946г .
polars of the wing fins and fuselage updated controllability in all modes has been improved .
detailed characteristics can be found in the data sheet .
la-11 power plant performance updated polars of the wing fins and fuselage recalculated .
aerodynamic characteristics of the wing fins and fuselage corrected .
fw 190 a/f/d all modifications rudder and elevator performance at high speeds mouse-aim controls has been corrected .
thermodynamics updated cooldown time after overheating has been reduced .
d.520 powerplant performance has been updated polars of the wing fins and fuselage recalculated .
p-26 all modifications powerplant inertia moment calculation has been updated .
rudder deflection at different speed simulation is more accurate .
thermodynamics updated overheating is more accurate it 's lower closer to the ground and higher at design altitude .
d.371 d.373 rudder performance at different speeds has been corrected .
rotation rate has been increased for lower speed reduced for higher speed .
reaction to the rudder has been increased according to reports .
landing gear focus and nosing chance have been corrected .
do 335 all modifications engine power at specific altitudes in a normal mode has been corrected b-2 version .
thermodynamics for the wep and normal engine modes have been corrected .
i-153 all modifications i-16 type 18 27 powerplant inertia moment calculation has been updated .
rudder deflection at different speed simulation is more accurate .
thermodynamics updated overheating is more accurate it 's lower closer to the ground and higher at design altitude .
landing gear focus and nosing chance have been corrected .
xp-50 elevator efficiency at higher speeds has been increased .
can someone tell me how this would compare to algo vpn https github.com/trailofbits/algo
bravissimo is a shop with its own brand too but also sells other uk brands .
the big other uk brands are panache brands panache and parent company of cleo too and eveden brands like frey fantasie elomi .
they are probably possible to find in good department stores .
but i have only ever been to bravissimo when i was in london .
i get the want to try it on and get measured properly which i have doubts change do and while bravissimo is certainly pretty good in that regard there really is no substitute for trying it out yourself .
i had to do that via online shopping and multiple returns .
if you can figure out your size in your visit that would be nice help for you if you decide to do online shopping .
since its christmas you should probably email/contact them and book an appointment .
explain to them you ca n't just come in any other day since you are foreign .
i was there and loved when it bounced in .
hit me up if you want to sell that cooler 😏😏
for it is written one ring to rule them all and in the darkness bind them ''
i 'm looking forward to rdo2 where you have to pay taxes off your hunts otherwise the irs comes .
might just slightly be a gross exaggeration based on absolutely no evidence .
i could say the same about this too though .
at least give us some of the key points mate
your submission has been automatically removed because your account age or submission history does not meet this subreddit 's requirements .
read the post at the top of the subreddit for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wouldyoufuckmywife if you have any questions or concerns .
i had a neighbor who used to park like that next to my car constantly .
i 'm a erocosplayer from spain and i love to lewd my favorite characters and put on cute sexy outfits .
if you want to see my other works and photos or want to know how to get the full set you can follow my subreddit here reddit.com/r/kerocchi https www.reddit.com/r/kerocchi
and it 's not a warranty.. it 's gewährleistung '' which is kind of different .
as the deal only has to pay for damages that were present at least hidden '' present at the time the buyer get 's the car .
if so in my market he is going for 6.5 mil .
ur on nights xmas day and then u have to flip to do days on the 27th ... thats awful too
you high school drama teachers actually need attention to breath it 's amazing .
almost every match,10 tanks are above me anyways why wouldnt i want the best tier 8 i can be in ?
you want me full of pride when i turn the corner and a type 5 or bobject are there ?
maybe if i was matched against more tier 8s i would agree with you .
i´m not sure about the 3rd world part but the rest would fit
nu ma mai primesc in casa de cand am facut 19 pe un post .
i 've been wanting to play mgsv on pc !
it only happens in 19 it was n't as obvious in other fifas .
dude recommends getting high and jumping off the empire state building
i really think it will be as it was easier to deploy with a single dinosaur so you could have global testing and then add it to the other dinosaurs .
just pop a few caffeine pills you 'll be good to go .
btw dont even go to sleep if it less then 5 hours just stay awake the whole time you 'll feel better then if you slept .
but also the function that let 's us see how much you 're paying seems to be broken right now so that could be why too .
believe hup is now office 365-licenses and endusers have to order and pay themself ...
probably took a while to make but well worth it !
i 'll be playing all day now to try and replicate haha
who is a good human though hardly anyone in this world is perfect .
imperfection is not a flaw it 's a sign that we are not divine gods .
that 's the beauty of snape as a character neither good nor evil but in limbo between the two .
régime des retraites sécurité sociale taxes suppression de la taxe d'habitation .
parenthèse on oublie que la raison première de cette suppression n'est pas de baisser les taxes mais de supprimer une taxe injuste qui est basée sur des données de 1970 .
dès la première année on en a 4 ou 5 qui se révèle .
un autre exemple quand macron négocie sur des réformes de l'assedic il a la très bonne idée de vouloir couvrir les démissionnaires .
or il doit se coucher et les critères sont tellement importants que cela servira à rien .
plusieurs fois d'ailleurs il est forcé d'infléchir ses réformes et c'est toujours à droite que cela se produit .
où est le fameux on garde le cap '' dans ces moments ?
entre la start-up nation et l'envie de réduire la dépendance aux aides sociales macron est convaincu que nous devons créer une république méritoire et juste .
où chacun peut se consacrer à the pursuit of happiness '' et où la nation puisse aider les défavorisés .
et puis macron se porte en champion progressiste et pousse pour plus d'europe .
tous les problèmes de macron vont résulter en une probable défaite aux européennes .
macron continue à perdre de son pouvoir sur la scène européenne .
de toute façon si l'italie s'effondre économiquement à cause de la dette et les retraites on va connaître une nouvelle récession .
way back i used to use the osrs-wiki full guides those were a pain then i switched to using the quick-guides which were a lot better but when i started my ironman i 've just been using slayermusiq vids and it 's been so much better .
people who live through great social changes are more accepting of any successive ones .
i sometimes worry about a rebound effect people getting it in their heads that they can try and go this far no further '' each time progress happens and they do n't like it .
we 're not anywhere close to done and may not be for a few decades .
people in some states are trying to ban people like myself from using public restroom facilities .
and from joining the military and effectively from playing sports and from having updated documentation and from getting health insurance in general and there have even been some people talking about morally mandating us out of existence '' with that exact phrase circulating since about 1979 .
and i 'm only talking about one marginalized human population here out of many .
we 've got a lot of work to do .
i had a feeling that many of the german phd students and post-docs maintained a very cold and in one or two cases outright hostile attitude towards foreigners .
me my supervisor and two girls the only non-germans in the department were somehow always to blame when something was or was n't wrong .
there were exceptions but even the nice people maintained a distance .
my supervisor felt the same way which is why we bonded and hung out a lot .
one of the greatest dudes i 've ever met .
apparently the germans were baffled why we joked and laughed with each other so often .
it played into the humorless german stereotype so much it was almost funny .
i appreciate the time i spent there for both its negative and positive aspects but if i had to choose again i 'd visit a more dynamic city like köln which was the other viable option .
erlangen is boring as hell so i went to nürnberg whenever i could .
dont get me wrong i do n't praise the dirtiness that it was but guys like mj dominique drexel payton who were n't scared to drive the paint knowing full well they were gon na get hit time and time again is what i praise .
might just be me but to me it seems like there were more rivalries back in the 90s than there are today which made it more fun to watch .
the only rivalry that is of any importance nowadays seems to be whatever team lebron is on vs the warriors
i mean i was ready to order but usually when i 'm ordering i have to pick between two dishes and i usually say the first of the two dishes that comes to mind when they 're taking my order .
i usually do n't need them to come back more than once .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 1c calling out users in a negative way is not allowed .
rule 6b clips submitted should be drama-free and non-toxic .
you can view the subreddit rules here https reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules .
if you have any questions or concerns please contact the subreddit moderators via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftwitch .
reposting again without express permission or harassing moderators may result in an instant ban .
been far too long since i saw a gmod animation especially a paladins variant .
mortality for trees in the first year of transplanting can often be up to a third so 1 of every 3 is ‘expected ' not to survive .
by planting close together it can stop large fans forming and create a more homogenous growth .
some issues may come from competition but it may not be a problem .
it 's sad though when put into terms such as that .
also i 'd assume a smart option would be to alternate tree shrub tree shrub .
perhaps reducing the competition as they grow in different ways tall vs wide .
he needs a sub in the back with a good time playing .
the value of your labour is determined through supply and demand .
a 15 year old knows this please educate yourself on economics .
i mean the team is less frustrating and a little more exciting style wise than the 45 win teams but i miss being nervous in close games because i wan na win i miss caring about the results gamewinners ot 's and just in all caring about the score i do n't just wan na watch the hawks players play basketball i wan na watch the hawks play basketball games and they are n't really .
man i come to reddit to feel good about myself and this is n't helping
cynical prediction 1 said peace and harmony will get threatened by total asshole sob backstory pending who wants to summon insert super dangerous super forbidden heroic spirit here
cynical prediction 2 main character has about as much personality as decent quality cardboard but inevitably turns out to be the special '' who summons an uber broken hero who helps her save the world all the while pretending they 're somehow the underdogs in this struggle .
developers said yesterday on stream that changes are coming in that regard .
although i really hope it 's a roman since gladius scotum were a very popular demand when centurion first came out .
i dunno maybe if we 're lucky we get the choice to pick between roman gear and feudal knight .
i just hope the hero has actual armor and is n't just ah ugly mess who looks like they just put anything they found cough wu lin cough
do i need to run virtual machine manager on the receiving machine as well ?
i 'm asking because it 's not possible to run high availability mode and virtual machine manager on the same machine .
notice are you asking for travel advice about nicaragua ?
read what redditors had to say in the weekly destination thread for nicaragua https redd.it/4nmc2c
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/travel if you have any questions or concerns .
i kind of think that goes on in the background throughout time .
i could n't function if i dwelled on it too deeply .
if you 're carrying it around for use as a weapon it 's a weapon .
does n't matter if it 's a sock filled with sand or a katana .
also a bō staff https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b c5 8d is very much a weapon .
this article is the opinion of a medical doctor .
in response the trolls will paste their talking points without so much as giving it a glance .
and for my post here i will receive more nasty replies messages and threats from them .
but the objective fact remains that the united states government is taking custody of people including young children without following through on our subsequent responsibility to care for those being deprived of liberty .
it 's a national disgrace and we as a nation will bear the shame for it for years to come .
the west texas desert is not a children 's hospital and realistically these best practices would never have been met in a case like jakelin 's .
but in taking a child into its custody the government enters into a sacred obligation to protect and promote the livelihood of that child .
by any reasonable moral framework our government must answer for the nine hours jakelin sat in their custody for the inability to recognize what is arguably the most fundamental and deadly disease process in all of medicine and for allowing a little girl in their care to die a preventable death .
and it must explain why jakelin caal died a slowly and terrible death for no good reason .
but in answering these questions we should ask others as well .
why upon arrival are families like jakelin 's treated presumptively as criminals rather than refugees lawfully seeking asylum ?
why do n't we do everything in our power to assess whether a child seeking our protection is facing a life-threatening medical emergency before placing her in a detention protocol ?
why do n't we involve doctors and nurses to adequately care for the ballooning population of undocumented minors that the government now has incarcerated with no end in sight ?
the tragic circumstances surrounding jakelin 's death are all the more galling for the inexplicable reluctance of government officials to involve medical professionals in the care of the children they take into custody .
i love how her ce has a different animation when you use it in mid-air .
aw man looking around her stage is making me miss nier automata
i 'd make a tiny earth and make tiny experiments
ive been manually selling calls on my bags of bag holds and its tiring to roll 'em out looking at chains and shit .
but that 's why my mom group is so vital to my mental health .
even when a woman works it 's extremely likely that she shoulders far more than half of housework and the mental load .
it 's maddening and insulting and unless you 're willing to let your kids starve or not have clean clothes there 's no easy solution .
the posts themselves do n't bother me as much as the fact that they are necessary because so many moms feel unsupported by their husbands/boyfriends and we really do n't need a dad coming in saying well i 'm a dad and i do all the laundry ! obviously there are plenty of amazing dads out there but that 's not what support groups are for .
of course if they 're just bitching that is annoying but in the group i 'm in there are a lot of serious valid complaints and we try hard to help each other find solutions .
not all the time but it does happen often .
i think about what crap will hit me tomorrow and how to avoid it .
noticed that killing myself is the only way out and was ready to do it a few weeks back .
the thoughts that bombard me are what keep me awake and it really is n't pleasant .
the past full of happy times makes me contrast it to now and just really lowers my self-confidence around people .
i used to enjoy life with friends and now i do n't really do much with friends unless i 'm forced into it .
i notice i wo n't really have a future and my parents are still pressuring me and not really supporting me on top of everything else .
someone please help i ca n't take this anymore .
did anyone stand out in a bad way tonight ?
4th quarter looked good to me aside from a few careless turnovers from white ...
its probably force us to cost plat or have a heavy tax but yeah thatd be cool the approval process would be annoying there would have to be one to make sure people didnt make copies of vaulted cosmetics or something .
other than that itd be sick id love a cooler way to show off clan pride !
but what i wanted to say is it 's rare to find a loyalty service that rewards you rather than rewarding the business .
not hard you just need to put some legwork .
i 've earned 9000 d-points in the past 3 months 7000 s-points since january etc .
buy things at the right store with the right card and get tons of points .
you can also convert those points to miles really easily .
i love having my desk next to the bed .
my mom did something kind of similar to this before .
she had just worked a twelve hour overnight shift and went to get breakfast with a coworker .
she decided to tell her coworker while in line for food about how she thinks it i funny to run her finger across the roof of our her children 's mouths when we yawn .
she said the coworker just stared at her and asked her what so my mom repeats it louder .
except she was so tired she kept saying her tongue .
i 've seen for some really tough leaks a company that has a thermal camera can help .
conditions pretty much have to be perfect but if you 've exhausted all other options other then redoing everything
i feel like the hate is pretty adequate based on his preffered style of play
i ordered the new ipad pro 12.9 '' 1,700 device on release day .
the ipad itself was delayed by a few days .
when the stylus arrived i had to sign for it .
i really hope you 're able to find someone else that 's there for you in the way you need them to be .
there have been people that have come and some gone within the last 20 years that i have become close with .
i ca n't really articulate very well what it is but some people just have that thing that makes me feel more at ease or more trusting .
anyway if that 's the type of person you 're talking about they are out there and in greater numbers than you 'd think .
i acknowledged your situation may be unique an edge case at best and unrepresentative of reality .
in which case you were the one making sweeping platitudes that are sometimes albeit very rarely true .
you continue not to consider the most common situation that rent is more than mortgage .
jessica changes her name to chloe moves to apartment 23 becomes friends with james vanderbeek luther and gets a flat mate named june .
first td i ever see that is worth 4 pts .
i have to choose between betterment of my present/immediate future/long term future .
your suggesting that her act should get bonus points for being traditional japanese and your ridiculous assertion that any opinion to the contrary is somehow bigoted is shameless virtue signaling .
you are what people hate about the left in 2018 .
not sure what the comment was but if the person was being a total dick then that 's not cool .
there is no need to be a total asshole in life .
that does n't make the entire game good though .
it 's actually because of patterson st. might as well change that to pettersson st. while we 're at it .
welcome to the bullshit of public schools where admin have to find something wrong in order to justify their job .
gta v 's story mode was weaker in comparison to most other gta games .
the story was meh and you had 3 characters so you could n't get really attached to one character like arthur for example .
because people usually just put their highest cp pokemons in i just go with 3 ttars .
mewtwo and metagross are super common and not many things resist dark so i chew through most matchups .
i wouldnt mind 2 tokens and a blue from eververse if we can get the shader system in d1 back .
i 'm willing g to devote a night to find out though
my regular old shotgun cripples just fine with enforcer 3 .
depends what resolution and refresh rate do you plan on playing at ?
also is this just for gaming or is it also a workstation/streaming pc ?
also i am obliged to talk about how you could save money by building your own computer after all this is r/buildapc .
they pretty clearly showed alabama georgia and clemson logos and hats multiple times throughout .
i agree giannis ' turnaround in the post would be one of his main tools in that sort of 1 on 1 .
but it 's true his step back is definitely not reliable that he could opt with it often .
i reckon giannis could take some games if he got into the flow but you 're right pg 's shooting efficiency in combo with his elite ability to defend would be deciding
remember when the league said they were starting the season early so they limited super busy stretches ?
i was active elsewhere in the comments so i do n't have much more to say about the topic other than i agree .
you presented your points clearly with supporting facts and data and a well thought out argument that goes against the competitive consensus is a refreshing read .
when my grandma says i turned out alright i usually quip back with how i did n't .
actually no i had body issues and did n't get my weight under control until i was in my mid twenties .
actually i had cavities in my baby teeth and i want better for my kid
pm'ed you one i was n't gon na use .
if it 's intented to harm then that 's illegal but something like this is perfectly legal
you should listen to peter schiff 's podcast on youtube .
like do you really think thats gon na help you ?
there 's no growth it 's all born in baptized at 12 disfellowshiped at 20 .
i 'm not trying to create an issue here i just know that most exploiters will go full on and discover and use alot of exploits when players get banned and stuff like that so report the issue to bethesda and maybe they might fix it or worsen it your choice .
if not no let her sleep and have some ibuprofen ready for her in the morning .
it 's not about if his boxscore will be good it 's about if his numbers will contribute to impact .
stop trying to pull this bs just to play both sides of the karma spectrum
i wish i knew what i know now when i was younger . ''
do n't be afraid to not know something as long as you 're not afraid to ask .
if it does n't make you happy or make you money do n't do it
i 'm almost 35 and nothing has ever made sense .
it only makes sense in retrospect so do n't worry if you feel overwhelmed .
i 've been interested in jbp for the last couple of years but always try to keep a bit reserved around something so culty and his take on protesters needing to clean their room '' was one of the first things that gave me pause .
this is the type of critique i 've been looking for cheers !
has jp actually flat out denied climate change though ?
i 'd recommend the sennheiser hd280 audio technica ath-m50x or the sony mdr-7506 .
they 're all solid headphones that wont break the bank .
how do i change the origin of the object ?
when are you gon na fix and ban people who glitch parties into mercenary game modes ?
this completely undermines the purpose of the gamemode and is absolutely something that needs to be fixed .
a writer has been hired for a bucky falcon show so that 's looking likely
and yes my internet icon is fine ios 4 signal bars with 4g icon but somehow the actual internet is not that fine .
if you notice this game has very very short limited spare time and will bring you to title screen when you go off of the game just a second .
so if your internet has a second lost of connection you will be bring to the title screen with that error announcement .
everyone knows you go bareback and creampie when it 's someone special like your mom .
when you take it to ubreakifix they take inventory of what 's working when you give it to them and then you sign the paper or i always had to .
they should have had you agree to charges before making any repairs too .
i 'd first talk to them about it and show them that they broke it not you based on the paper you signed .
if they do n't want to own up to it i 'd take it to corporate and go from there .
i guess we do n't need to block on third down
pyromancy icons are on tattered parchment while sorceries are on scrolls and miracles are on tomes .
i do n't want to modify the pyromancy cards included in the base game and i also do n't want inconsistency .
of course you are free to add whatever you want to the versions you print for yourself .
i asked because i did n't know what were considered as morals .
girls can wear trenchcoats in school but if a boy wears one he gets arrested and expelled even if there 's no pockets .
anything of any size in their trench coat and nobody fucking cares .
it 's like people automatically assume having a vagina prevents you from shooting up a school
this is animal abuse and she should be jailed .
my mad max only eats high-protein meat and is one of the healthiest cats i know .
slim beautiful sleek coat and almost too much energy .
the toddler i am referring to is my 3rd child he just turned 3 .
my other two children are adhd as well and one possibility autistic .
i have been a stay a home mom for exactly two years now and i honestly feel like my title is worthless .
what 's the point of cleaning if the 3 tazmainian devils wreck the house before your spouse gets home from work .
just to clarify ... you 're trying to play a non-purchased copy of vc4 ?
this ca n't be done by any means the game uses denuvo and no steam emulator can bypass that .
you will have to wait until the game is cracked .
fair enough it 's not my part of the world i 'll bend to superior knowledge .
i will say that a lot of outsiders class western european cultures as being very similar and to a fair extent they are but that gender roles and modern expectations of gender roles can vary significantly between western european countries and within western european countries .
i 'd be surprised if that is n't the case in asia .
oh ... we 're actually thinking of two different pictures .
i just found the one you were talking about .
you may die but that 's a sacrifice i 'm willing to make .
you can acknowledge the downside of a product while still being happy on the whole .
yeah i did n't say the odds were great .
if some joe is n't thinking clearly and the lady 's able to get ahold of his little-joe then she could potentially go full lorena bobbit on the dude .
to be clear i am in support of this outcome .
i love draymonds game but let 's be real it 's not hard to set up people who are all time great shooters .
i went to sweden this summer and that 's how half of my flights went .
the fight from my city to chicago was delayed and i was going to miss my international flight so i had to talk to the gate agent and was put on an immediate flight i always go to airports at least 2-3 hours early i think you 're supposed to ? .
my flight going home from sweden to chicago was delayed an hour and i also was only going to have about 1.5 hr to get through customs and everything so even though in chicago i technically had 45 minutes until the plane home left they decided it was closed .
so after i reclaimed my bag the airline i just got off of sas rebooked my united flight to the next one .
if it 's their fault bc of a delay or something it 's their responsibility to rebook it for you .
there is n't much to it you just send the funds to your bisq address when you create or take an offer .
bisq will show you the address upon offer creation where you can send coins to fund the trade .
of course if you use an external wallet like bitcoin core you will have some more benefits and options .
you will have better privacy since bisq will connect to your local node automatically and will make it harder for anyone to connect your bitcoin addresses that your bisq client uses .
you will also be able to enable coin control in bitcoin core in settings so you can manually select inputs for your bitcoin transactions and keep your addresses even more isolated from each other .
if you spend that much time doing something and do n't improve it 's intentionally done .
of course he could potentially be playing an actual game of dota every other week and have a real playtime of like 50 hours in which case the argument is pointless
the r/wooosh '' was on reddit i 'm pretty sure .
guo limin président du joint-venture juge que avec l'expérience de taishan-1 « on peut encore diminuer les coûts de construction pour renforcer la compétitivité du nucléaire .
on peut travailler ensemble avec edf pour conquérir de nouveaux marchés à l'international » juge-t-il .
français et chinois sont d'ores et déjà partenaires dans la construction de futures centrales nucléaires au royaume-uni .
dans un article intitulé « la chine perd son goût pour le nucléaire c'est une mauvaise nouvelle » paru le 12 décembre dans la mit technology review le journaliste spécialisé peter fairley explique que selon un sondage réalisé en août 2017 par pékin seulement 40 de la population était favorable au développement du nucléaire .
on peut certes douter des sondages d'opinion en chine mais le fait même que le gouvernement le publie est révélateur .
borderlands mgs and little big planet are some of the games i 'm familiar with on it but i kinda wan na expand my tastes and i feel like the vita has a lot of good games that could do just that .
seems like a strange change to make from previous titles not only is the sentry in this game a lot weaker but you also ca n't have two like older games .
at this point the sentry is n't worth running at all .
i once posted a meme and people where calling it a repost and i did n't know why so i went to hot just to find out me and another guy had the same idea
now you got me interested in what the video was .
explain why this is bad for sprint instead of t-mobile ?
i 've played this map before and it showed up for me .
that 's good because my exams end on the 21st so at least i wo n't be distracted the whole time playing vikendi 😂
i have n't even seen a giraffe yet irl .
completely agree but i think the the catch-up mechanics are just insanely worse in fut modes than the kick-off modes .
when up two goals in kick-off mode i rarely get the ball bouncing every time to my opponent or the other dramatic moments '' .
i actually have had games that finish 4-0 5-0 etc .
at a significant higher rate where vs the same type of opponent in a fut mode those games finish 2-2 or 2-3 every time .
can i ask why do they stand up like that ?
charlotte is just this bars cause its what i like to call a banker 's city .
what 's this wolf of wall street motherfucker trying to do backflips for in the sand wearing full business attire ...
can you give details about how you developed this time etc ?
not the kind of post i usually see on r/damnthatsinteresting but i like it
type group of good people who are trying to grow and progress together
we are majority around f3 and follow 6 rule during guild wars .
additional info we are very active players and guild chat is always a good time .
we try to keep negative vibes out of our guild and help each other whether is be discussing new builds counters or assisting with progression .
we are mainly mid game and are looking to maintain a solid group of core members .
mine has done that before i 've just pushed it back down into the liquid .
it seems to happen more often if it 's a bit cold in room .
did you think about financing the project via patreon or crowdfunding-platforms maybe
there has to be more ways to support a dev not just by buying the game .
it looks very cool i will defenetly check it out
which part of the world are you from to be getting those sorts of comments ?
the asia-pacific region is pretty tame in comparison the most heated i 've ever seen it was some irrelevant topics regarding the value of newly released weapon in terms of usefulness it was years ago do n't remember what it was ...
if you plural have courage come forward all of you plural . ''
note that it still makes sense without the accents .
the do '' in domisila should have a carrot but it wo n't work with markdown .
well we 've all been socialised to associate pretty girl/average guy '' with she has an ulterior motive otherwise she would n't be there '' despite how shallow and wrong it is .
and yet you criticize people who choose to learn french ?
regarding hard cuts it was my first time editing and i was just learning while doing and yes i agree with you on that it will look better .
transition are making it sorta soft for the lack of better word .
what about the accounts who make compilations of others work ?
i 've typically had a better experience with fedex .
i suspect it 's never going to be just one or the other but rather like every other decision in league depending on the circumstances do you need to snowball now ?
also there are often not many opportunities to use herald i.e .
holder of herald at an unmanned towers so might be best to simply use when you get one .
i wanted to go back to sea on a frigate where my skills as a combat systems operator would be improved .
instead they offered me two ‘fat ship ' postings which is basically a troop carrying vessel that has nothing similar in the way of combat systems .
i ended up being out of category for 5 years and when i finally went back to a frigate i was basically the same skill level as a rank below me .
i had to take the posting because they told me a posting to a frigate would require at least another year or two wait .
i just wanted to go back to sea in the end and that was all i could do .
sherlock 's observational skills is practically a super power .
if he can get his defense up i can see him starting later this year
do n't be mad at us your dumb askreddit did n't blow up .
so the knife is what fedora man brought in .
and why we got ta bash a guy for having a beard .
can we take a moment to appreciate comments like these ?
if you ca n't tell i 'm trying to talk myself into that mindset already because i know it 's coming .
still no hardware old team and one guy on the roster under 25 who looks like he might be legitimate .
we have missed the playoffs 6 times in our history but it does n't mean shit without a cup .
i really wanted to see a photo of him the day after
been farming for her like crazy for months and now shes in blitz ... when im at 295/300 ... ugh !
and last block party event i was so certai she was gon na be in blitx that i didnt bother farming her during double drops ... and i missed the 7 star tier
honestly i feel like they pick toons when they see we dont need them so much anymore maybe they saw their jj offers werent selling so well last time so they decided to put her in blitz ?
if not try it again and if it does n't work try a different method for inhalation .
i 've heard good things about the yocan evolve plus found on ebay for around 20 .
she is supposed to be unpleasant superior condescending and unlikable .
she is a political manipulator who places her own aggrandizement over everything else .
worst of all she has fooled herself into believing she does what she does to glorify the prophets and not her own desires .
it 's no accident or just that she is kai that causes him to choose her for manipulation .
and if you want better frames and graphics with my favorite but not everyones controls pc is the way to go !
i 've been just running class advantage/samba santa/arash/support waver on those too especially since arash is 50 damage for this so i 've been able to automate a lot of those fights myself .
even finagling a few to put arash in the middle wave on purpose for that bonus damage sometimes .
currently going kscope hokusai kscope arash aerial drive santa samba for the berserker node for instance and it works like a charm with 1k fou level 20 kscope and santa 's attack boost .
i presume any properly-leveled 3 or spartacus could do similar i just like hokusai a lot .
is it true that since submarines are so crammed there 's an unspoken rule to only pass another seaman facing back-to-back ?
i went in louisville already to the first leg and after taxes and fees my ticket was 120.55
i 'm just about finished with my hms prep .
i 'm about to dump all my insignias into a blade for mikoto and then need to farm out another 200 emblems for the hbh print .
i hope something else comes that makes her be perceived as better later .
i 'll still use her either way i just wish that i 'd be able to use her for hbh .
ah well i 'll probably end up skipping her .
or at least it 'll be a long long time before i pursue her .
sure racism is an issue but the idea that there 's systemic discrimination is a joke
go to drop in sports activities particularly at the nepean sportsplex .
rent a yurt in gatineau park for a night or two .
go to a sugar shack in the east end .
go play boardgames at a shop that has them manx .
have brunch or a meal at the chateau laurier .
of listings 10 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22feistyevening 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 2 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22feistyevening 22 20or 20title 3a 22feistyevening 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
i probably worded it kinda confusing but we push the code during the week in the daytime but test during the friday night/saturday morning period .
in particular when alice sends a message to bob she already needs to know his pubkey .
when bob gets a message from alice he immediately knows her pubkey since it 's part of the transaction .
bonus because the message is part of a transaction that is signed by alice he knows that the message is indeed coming from her .
i could n't pull this menu off today with garbage from sysco and a walk-in freezer .
i 'll m not saying dealer do n't mess up but at lease they will make it right for you .
we are experiencing a great moral and oral decay after all
we have n't seen this combo of wrestlers in quite a while !
it 's the lighting and shadow not the demon v makes that makes his hair look darker
what exactly is he getting all those book sales from ?
they 're gentler on your system and do n't cause dependcy !
there is also high fiber food but that may cause gas bloating and discomfort
after a 5 mile walk i have a satisfying bm .
quebec has a civil law '' system the rest of canada has a common law '' system .
i 'm in dire need of meemaw 's beer cheese .
fake hype to build to a nothing announcement just to get a small ratings spike just to continue with the same shit .
they could have actually made a change and you know actually started raw a wrestling show with a wrestling match
ik im top of the list so lem me tel u abt myself i like lon walks on the beach and
and everyone feels the need to sing it like it 's their lives ' sole purpose .
they made me hate it for a long time .
my wife is the one to thank for dishes .
doing a glaze is super simple and totally worth it .
i mean maybe i 'm going crazy but i thought it was already there .
the last game i went to i was the only one yelling lethargic motherfuckers .
thats kinda sad that u ca n't recall really simple info then or get it right
i played australia for the first time after installing civ vi on my iphone .
vilnius was right next to me in a desert chock full of hills so i captured them and built petra .
i was a bully the entire game and inevitably other civs would attack me giving that nice 100 production bonus ... never have i snowballed so hard .
i wanted to play the lengthier path and go for a domination win particularly to get more familiar with late game mechanics but gilgamesh was in second place with a large swath of the map and was going for a science victory .
he had had already built his first module when i decided to beat him to it and that city alone made me win the game .
would n't say we arsenal look stable despite our record .
many shaky wins and now defensive injuries make us even more vulnerable at the back which was already a problem .
agree with the point though spurs would be the one i think but 13 point gap already for utd to make up .
vp of a hoa and work with other hoas ? ?
cool brag now i do n't know wether to bow or salute .
i think you have sufficiently confirmed what has already been stated ... 😏
yes they specifically state in the garage people try and hide them in backyards and side yards between bushes and get notices .
and yes i did sign it that 's what led to this post instead of a much less interesting post of garbage bins in my backyard ...
i like my neighborhood and am clearly ok with the rules enough to find a way to live with them but thanks for coming out .
how do you feel about rod rosenstein telling congress that he never even read the fisa warrant before approving it which was used to surveil the trump campaign ?
how do you feel about parts parts of the steele dossier which was included as evidence in the fisa application having inaccurate and unsubstantiated information in it ?
because the attorney general not reading an application for our nation 's most strictly regulated warrant is n't '' following the law '' .
the fbi not bothering to vet the information they use in a warrant application is n't '' following the law '' .
but no one on the left seems to care .
because that warrant is the only reason mueller 's special counsel exists .
i bet you do n't know what prague spring '' is without having to turn to wikipedia .
the cold war has a complex history and it 's always pretty obvious when someone has a distorted simple-minded view of it .
seeing a lot of talk about how angle should n't be in this match however over the past five years i 've been so ready for regular angle matches in wwe programming so this is a win !
is that how beyoncé got away with stealing the single ladies dance from bob fosse ?
because many brexiters see it as a footy match and are scared they might lose if we have a rematch .
they already won why should they have to play again ?
the movie is the vehicle to get what they wanted as legislation which they got .
for fucks sakes and you even say you are okay with making movies slandering and libeling people .
you really do n't know what you are talking about and you are n't fooling anyone .
alright i understand now i did n't forget i have n't mentioned it because it is n't really relevant .
they asked for permission for the donald dance featured on scrubs as youve pointed out .
but did they do the same for carltons dance from fresh prince ?
if i were claude dont call me claude '' julien i would literally just make every hab practice shots and onetimers for the next 2-3 practices .
our pp is absolute shit because we do n't shoot the puck or take one-timers for whatever reason .
yeah i 'm not really a fan of removing architects from being eligible because i 'll just assume then that they would 've won everything but never actually know for sure .
i do think there should be some restrictions on blacklisted bands where they can only win whichever award they have the most votes in .
on top of that i 'd love for ink and aild to be blacklisted cause apart from the current blacklisted bands they 're gon na sweep .
edit maybe we can add the top 10 for every category since the top 5 might be dominated by architects silent planet ink ffak and aild in categories they 're eligible in .
sane is much better than mahrez if you can find 1m .
there were about 1-2 mins during the video where the audio was muted by twitch so i could n't get the sound cause of copyright but 95 of the video should be good
revolutionary 'shake-up ' or someone 's wwe 2k 'my career ' mode gone awry ?
it 's because i feel that having spellcasting extra attack expertise and one subclass worth of benefits on one class to be overkill .
the ranger 's natural explorer 's main drawback is that not all dm 's bother with travel mechanics and this makes having expertise in survival a easier and more desirable mechanic because you do n't have to commit to being good in just certain geographic areas .
this d4 mechanic which i like to call edge is my alternative to the expertise mechanic made by wotc .
it 's supposed to give players a comparable advantage to expertise while also having synergy with it .
currently this mechanic is not finished as i have n't decided on which levels that d4 should change to a d6 then a d8 .
i think this mechanic is inferior to expertise because the value of the bonus is not static .
it 's seriously so refreshing to see someone acknowledge that they did something wrong instead of getting defensive
way i view it in qp you have a responsibility to put in as much effort as the folks around you .
if it devolves into a dance party great but untill then play the game so others can .
in comp you have a responsibilty to put in a genuine attempt to win .
even if you 're on a hero your less familar with even if your team comp sucks you still have to try because thats what the modes there for competitive play .
i know that 's not the point of this sub but i know several racists who say this and think they 're funny .
pro tip guys you 're not funny and you 're obviously racist .
participating in this brigade will get you banned from both subreddits .
she has voice of an angel but seriously thanks for sharing this it 's so good greetings from india
those time periods represent the time in the tomb or linear portion of the game correct ?
look i know you 're agitated but please can we keep this civil thanks .
i 'm currently doing a bachelor in philosophy so thats something .
well canberra did n't want self government in the first place .
the reason it happened is because canberrans were unfairly benefitting off the tax dollars of others .
the same is currently true of people who live in nsw but primarily access services in act .
just like with self-government it 's not about what they want it 's about what 's fair .
also local government is the worst form of government .
happy to try and get this information out there .
there seems to be a lot of misconceptions about this new technique and many people still use the term tampo '' as a catch all for graphics on a hotwheel '' .
truth is tampo '' is a pad printing brand name like kleenex '' is a facial tissue brand name .
unsurprisingly no one at mattel really wants to talk about this technology .
i dont know if that is because they want to protect their technology partner ?
or maybe they want the consumer base to be blissfully ignorant ?
but when you see people like john at lamely and i agree he has become a massive mattel shill talking to the mattel engineers and saying full tampos on the new car culture '' you wont hear a correction but you will notice they say very selectively yes we are providing those full details to the new line which is what people asked for . ''
they go out of their way not to say tampo '' while not correcting anyone on what they are actually doing .
the technique is called direct object printing '' or sometimes direct to surface '' printing .
the technology started to become more popular in industrial circles around 2012-2013 .
not surprisingly this was also right around the same time that industrial 3d printer patents were expiring and desktop 3d filament printing became a thing .
so a lot of those 3d printing companies were looking for the next big thing '' to use their cnc technology on .
it is great that you mentioned monster jam because they have been using this technique on monster jam and the premium art cars think star wars comics characters cartoons etc .
i think as a bit of a test to validate the technology .
then ramping it up with monster jam for high volume validation .
then eventually moving to car culture and other premium '' lines with higher volume demand .
the one company that has put out the most accessible material on direct to object printing is xerox .
they have an entire line of machines for doing this kind of work .
where it uses a caddy to support the objects then does optical scanning printing clear coating and uv curing of the printed part the uv curing being why it is so hard to remove the paint from the newest premium models as it is not a typical chemical drying and bonding process of a standard paint or ink .
xerox also has some interesting data on dpi density speed and accuracy .
at relative quality settings they claim 30 parts an hour .
that obviously gets much higher when you use a lower dpi and a faster feed speed .
and i think that is what we are seeing with these recent car culture hotwheels models .
someone on this subreddit posted a good close-up picture the new ford gt gte lemans model .
and if you inspect the image you can clearly see the vertical printing lines running from front to rear on the car .
and you can also see on the side of the door where the printing overlapped from the top and side prints on that odd angle .
so having a better understanding of what they are doing you can really see it plain as day when you look at it up close .
as you saw in the xerox video they are using a caddy on a fixed assembly to move the part across the print head .
mattel may be using this kind of system they would likely have to have a worker manually rotate the parts to do the sides which would not be the most efficient .
there is also another style of direct object printing that uses a robotic arm to manipulate the part under the print head to get it to the right angles .
this too may be used by mattel to cut down on worker involvement .
either way i think it is fair to say that whatever process they are using is likely ganging 2 or 3 cars together on a single printing pass to make the most of the available print head space and to get the work time per car down to an acceptable level where it is economically viable .
there are also some other things that these printers can do such as adding an embossing finishing fluids to the ink .
so when it is uv cured the ink gets a texture to it .
this is something that was done on the rlc candy striper roof and recently with the nova gasser 's snake skin roof .
and was just recently brought into a retail piece with the street fighter unimog .
obviously the rlc models are not shot through the machine at breakneck speeds like the car culture models and are clearly using a much slower higher resolution more accurate lower volume process to get the level of detail they have .
i also believe they are still using some traditional tampo techniques on them as well for that clean crisp look .
other things they can exploit this technique for are the most recent matchbox opening features vehicles .
on the lift back volvo they are using the printing process on the clear plastic part to make it color match the painted and tampo metal body .
they are also using the printing technique on the new s2000 and corvette c7 opening hoods to make the engine bay details .
so instead of doing an entire car they are selectively printing details to make the most of it .
so they can get higher production numbers with the increased detail that everyone wants .
here are some close ups from your favorite site lol !
and on this final shot you can see they are still using tampos for the other features .
hopefully that gives you some heads up on what to look for and where to look to find more information .
and i hope that mattel becomes a little more open about the process and shows how it is being used rather than just letting everyone call it a tampo '' .
it 's based on the star rating of your current club and the game will show jobs around that star rating .
if you start as tigres for example who are a 4 star team you 'll get pretty big clubs available .
whereas if you start a lower rated team like veracruz 2.5 stars you 'll get offered jobs in the championship/league 1 the scandinavian countries etc .
damn this banner is looking so good but then new mode coming i cant pull what do i do arghhhh
but knowing bandai they will introduce a thirdgame mode with a new different banner like they did with bblast year
i love that the first thing he does is go directly to his human .
if this were a cat he 'd just head off stage left .
some of us just call it los angeles since it always is in the movies and tv .
you ca n't get out of the painted world until you finish it but the boss is optional .
i remember thinking they got progressively easier as you got more recent so i was thinking that they might this exam a little harder but wow was i unprepared
my sister and i 11 months apart were both in foster care in massachusetts in the late 80 's .
i was stuck in a group home while she was put in a nice home in the country .
granted i was stealing and committing crimes but it was because i was acting out after years of severe physical abuse .
despite all that my grades were high enough that i was granted a full scholarship to mit .
had anyone cared enough to put me in therapy my life would be drastically different today .
instead when i turned 18 i was put out of the home to fend for myself .
worked two jobs for years just to pay rent on a slum did n't own a car until i was 23 .
got a girl pregnant and that was the end of any college dreams .
my sister had three therapy sessions a week attended college and now has a job 150k a year .
everyone bent over backwards to make sure she was taken care of physically and mentally while i was discarded as trash .
today i 'm doing well with a blue collar job a wife and 3 kids .
my youngest is my son and i 'll make damn sure he 's set up for life 's challenges .
the definition of a democracy is that the majority rules .
to say tyranny of the majority is to make a fallacious argument against democracy itself because we are talking about a democracy .
it is attempting to make the definition of the word and all that it implies mean something it does n't .
there is no need to support this it is simply self evident .
further it is a fallacious argument in a whole other sense when then expressly contrasted with a favorable view of tyranny by the minority which is a real instance of tyranny in what is supposed to be a democratic republic .
the battle feels no different than when we were limited to lvl 300 .
så at man er redd for å miste hunden sin til ulv kan ikke kategoriseres som ulvefrykt ?
i talk a lot of thrash during competitive atmosphere .
i can hit this one with my eyes closed .
a friend told me that the only thing enjoyable about a game with me is when they beat me .
even then i told them that they were lucky lol .
i need to chill but i do n't mean any harm just trying to make the game more interesting .
when i was about 15 i brought a kitten home and got in some much trouble for it but she was allowed to stay anyway .
when she grew up and had kittens of her own i was the only one allowed near the new babies it feels kinda incredible
he did manage chelsea but it was when scolari was sacked .
he was managing russia and chelsea at the same time
that 's cool just would 've appreciated one of the twenty mods saying that when the first one was posted .
or when i suggested it in the stickied thread .
in japan they have that freeway that goes right through a skyscraper that 's how cities should be constructed if somebody ca n't be convinced to give up their land unless that land is absolutely necessary for a public work in which case we have eminent domain .
tbf it 's a city fan he only started watching last season give him a break
id 'd like to see the reptiles and amphibians diversified a bit .
rather than just having generic lizards '' we could have chameleons iguanas monitors geckos etc .
but the employee probably knew what they were talking about so what does it matter ?
must have big chungus challenge mode emblem and 299 clears ! !
it 's not as big of a deal as you make it out to be no one fucking cares about a fucking sponsored instagram post except for you .
not usually how i greet a dog to each their own .
i 'm a simple man i see castlevania memes i upvote .
highly recommend you do n't use the acog with her i played best with the holo on her gun .
note if you are looking to learn more about debunking myths and lies about stalin please go to r/communism101 .
did stalin export grain as ukraine starved https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=smbj_nq4sta t=14s
i think it 's because the nba while based in a single country is a nation as big as europe and is a single entity which makes having contacts easier than in football which has multiple centers uefa south and north america afc africa oceania
yeah just like when you have a child and it stumbles around incoherently babbling and crapping its pants .
so this was a discussion i had with a coworker .
it does seem like the average intelligence of players is dropping .
we both played and had friends who played and some who went on to play reserves and nrl .
the ones who left were generally the more intelligent lot and their world did n't revolve around playing footy .
do you think sweeping it under the rug is the solution ?
whatever ‘evil ' you believe the prc has caused it 's far less than the global imperialism and countless millions of deaths caused at the hands of the us both policy-wise and militarily .
the prc has had 10 gdp growth per year for half a century interest free loans or outright debt cancellation all over africa .
have lifted 800 million people out of poverty since the late 70s .
they are an immediate and obvious threat to imperialist us hegemony and it shows in the rhetoric and propaganda of the west .
much the same for the ussr second largest economy in the world until the early 80 's higher calorie consumption per capita than the us in forty years they went from a backwater semi-feudal mostly agrarian society into being the first to explore space .
this intimidated the us so much that they needed to drop two
nuclear bombs on a country which had already basically surrendered — just to send a warning to the soviets .
in the material conditions the soviets were bound to those things seem pretty incredible .
if you 're interested in considering evil maybe start with the countries who 've time and time again attempted and committed to this day genocide .
i do not claim either of these countries to be utopias as that would be utopian and unmarxian but in their conditions they sure as hell did a lot of good for millions of people all over the globe .
i actually assumed the same thing you said for so long but do reread the 2nd page .
he says he intends asoiaf to be a trilogy and the ww battle would be done in book 3 .
he then specifies that 5 central players 'will make it through all three books '
i know his ideas have changed since he wrote the outline but i do remember him saying he kept the same ending which he had created first in the 90s
they said old event heroes tied to holidays like fortnitemares would return in the llamas .
you should definitely be able to get reclaimer jess with this event .
while dating i easily get tired of the calling to check up on each other part..
it starts from this and then she starts complaining that i am too busy for her then i generally get tired of her and do n't even care anymore ..
as an avid space fan myself i know that sierra nevada are currently testing this for commercial space use !
it 's an artifact that multiplies your damage based on your active skills .
spam and low-effort posts such as top 10 chrome extensions '' blogs are not allowed and will be removed .
this includes misleading web pages clickbait and spam sites .
if posting an article video etc. use the original title of the linked content as your post title .
memes and joke posts are allowed but only if they follow all other rules of the subreddit .
please familiarise yourself with our rules which can be found in the sidebar before posting again .
if you feel this removal was in error you can contact a moderator .
the only chips that are really demanding on vrms are the 9700k and the 9900k especially .
z390 is a bit of a shit show right now when it comes to vrms anyways with the only ones capable of handling the 9900k oced in sustained workloads being 200 .
anything less than that really isnt any better than z370 with the exception maybe being the asrock tachi .
a bit of cursury research is telling me your boards vrms are quite capable for a z370 .
source https youtu.be/xbleuxizxca ? t=11m2s and you could probably pull off ocing a 9900k down the road if you had good airflow over the vrms .
especially if your only use case is gaming and not long sustained pro workloads .
i wo n't promote a specific product by i have a rechargeable car jumper that 's about 10x4x3 '' .
charges enough to start a car like 50 times .
you mean like russians where were the evil ones in hollywood during the world war or nowadays like terrorists or the chinese ?
sure they do use the evil german nazi as villain from time to time but not more so then they use others .
as a german it does n't particularly bother me .
all of these are of high quality and should fit your request
ca n't imagine a united manager kissing an uncooked chicken on instagram but whatever guess times have changed .
because she 's waiting for her first paycheck in congress and still needs to afford dc rent .
but she probably just joined the workforce and she was very young like fresh grad/intern .
and after seeing how hard she pushed the job for me and how much concern she had for me outside of finding that customer service job .
i felt that it was just wrong for me to just leave such a bitter taste in a newbie 's mouth .
after working so hard to only have me reject the job .
honestly it was n't the blacklisting threat that made me break the other contract but it was how horribly bad i felt that my mistake caused someone else 's first experience to probably turn sour .
at least the other agent who told me to come down to sign the contract for the retail job did n't really put in much effort thus i was less empathetic with her as compared to the one whom contacted me and talked to me for the past 2 weeks trying to push this customer service job for me .
thus making me make the decision of breaking the contract .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags wts wtb wtt discuss psa pricecheck services bugs other blackmarket giveaway concern scam alert offtopic store or bump
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/starcitizen_trades if you have any questions or concerns .
we live in a more fucked up world than thankfully you realize .
lol had a co-worker who recently quit who tried that bs highschool method of just spraying perfume all over herself after like ... no we still smell it wtf you 're at work stop .
jesus i sure you do n't act this way in real life sounds like you 're a real pain in the ass .
first you complained about not seeing an emergency maintenance announcement you could literally start a own thread like this one but no you came here to complain instead then you started playing the victim card when everybody called out your bs ...
see this reply and call me a no-life or a weeb ?
but hey messi is never at fault for anything .
i did n't even mean to bash on ya all i wanted was to be able to help you understand that maybe reinstalling is n't the best option !
do n't get me wrong this is awesome but we can all start lowering our risk for alzheimer 's today by changing what we eat and how we live our lives .
do n't wait and pray for a drug or vaccine .
on erangel basically every team loots and rotates into the circle during the first 10 minutes and its not just looting many players die during the rotation.. after that 20 minutes or constant action ...
if a team gets circle fucked it just means they need to adapt and push themselves into the next circle .
this is what seperates ok teams and great teams ...
if she dialed it back from 11 to 8 or so i 'd love her look but that 's a lot happening even if everything is neutral
i 'd like to see a melee oriented non-reaper spec for necro .
however deadly paradox is too much like gravedigger instant recharge at less than 50 .
what i would like to see is a much more potent and less spammy execute-like ability .
how could i get a kindle or smartphone on the internet i was told to use a sim card ?
i need to go across the state and make sure i have a decent connection so i can use uber to get back home .
not much since afaik the most important thing are movesets .
i 'm really sick of comments like this centered around the whole they give us a free game. this game has made billions yes billions of dollars in revenue and that revenue comes from their customers aka you me and everyone who plays the game .
free or not we have made them the most played and financially successful which means we are more than justified to voice suggestions and complaints just like any other business we pay for in-game purchases or who profits off of us using their product or service .
because we are their most valuable asset to their game 's success and without us the game does n't make them anything .
so whether the game is free or not we are the customers and keeping your customers happy is or should be a top priority of any and every successful business ever .
wait how much do they go for now i got them for like £15 on amazon
there is an age gap between the two of us but we both are anonymous andy 's who wo n't reveal that .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
r/politics wo n't even allow me to post this article there .
if you go against the hivemind in any team sub it 's a nightmare and everyone just shits on you relentlessly .
i look at r/eagles but i see more bad takes there than i do on r/nfl
well after peta found out about my space wolves army they turned it into a blood angels army . ''
basically hes asking if theres still the issue of hitbox modification for planetside arena .
a russian member of the community went out of his way to show the devs the hitbox issue some time ago .
i believe he was the reason they even acknowledged it in any way making the file non-writable or something .
dude even got banned sometime later for showing its still possible if i recall correctly .
i do n't know why people bother to argue over such petty nonsense when clearly rugby is the better and more manly sport .
step 4 kids buy what feels like 50 worth of groceries but is actually just 10 worth of oreos and chips .
i 'm new here too i 'm a women too but a bit shy .
i really like apink 's choreo of i 'm so sick and monsta x shoot out !
it 's generally not a good idea to use respectful terms to refer to yourself .
i like ra and almost feel guilty for not enjoying when he gets to ask questions .
the hartnell wrench question made me cringe from the episode before last .
we were long-distance and the last time he 'd visited he 'd lent me some books and i 'd lent him some dvds .
we agreed to mail them back to each other .
along with his books i mailed back every gift he 'd given me and every letter he 'd sent to me .
oh vaccines are fine once you 're an adult but they 're just soooo dangerous for children ... ''
hey my only problem with bernie is his age .
unfortunately the russians will use the bernie bros angle again in 2020 if we are n't careful .
if the kenyans were so good at teamwork and empathy they may have a country that produced something of actual value to the world .
i mean they 're the best of africa but that 's not saying much these days .
they were literally commenting on the off screen layups that they were attempting rather than the game .
like ... what in the fuck are you doing ?
and suddenly the hand of god came down from the heavens to prod deric .
but given the number of charities we 've discovered to be applying most of their donations to administrative '' budgets that include paying family members six figure salaries to literally do nothing they are n't too much worse than some of the big names .
are you implying that i ca n't be upset at something that some other americans do as well ?
and she would have been a good mother if it were n't for that pesky plant
can someone explain to me what that means ? ?
how can they charge you for something you already paid for ?
as a woman you have to get so turned on that you actually want a disgusting man to stick his sweaty dick inside your body .
as a man i can understand why some awkwardness might burst the whole bubble for some woman and ruin the mood needed to make sex appealing .
no once you 've gotten 5 to max unbound it later it 's not worth it to have more
do you have to make the sounds while you 're fighting too ?
i 'd like to know if there are crimes that trump could be under sealed indictment for that without an indictment would expire before he leaves office .
i 'd like to know if there is an existing need for sealed indictments to prevent any statutes of limitations from expiring .
i dont think its a matter of difficulty curve .
everything is still the same the bosses just have better stats and in bloodborne that just means dodgr parry and attack more .
i was 18 years old and the senior patrol leader of my boy scout troop .
i addressed the group of mostly all little kiddos each day we met with a short agenda of that days activities .
we would break into groups and each patrol would have their own meeting followed by a presentation where we 'd learn about a topic of someone 's choosing and then finish up with a game .
well this day 's topic was genealogy ... as that was this kid 's father 's occupation .
i do n't know why but in my head i kept thinking of the word gynecology !
so while standing in front of 30 or so kids mostly middle school aged and their parents i kept thinking ‘do n't say gynecology ' over and over again ...
pewdiepie follows multiple right wingers on twitter like shapiro sargonn and peterson .
i 'm not inclined to think that he just missed '' the blatant nazism on the channel he promoted .
he 's openly flirted with the alt-right multiple times .
there was even a racist slur in the description of e r 's video that pewdiepie promoted .
so either pewdiepie is an alt-righter or the world 's most useful idiot for the alt-right .
the reason they ca n't replace it with anything is because it was their free market '' healthcare solution and getting rid of protections for people with pre-existing conditions is politically untenable so their only solution is to chip away at obamacare until it collapses and blame democratic policy .
there are lots of things that can cause high systolic pressure and high resting heart rate one of which is an overactive thyroid i only know because i 'm hyperthyroid .
buy the flight map and then fly around to collect some treasures what i did with my alt to get it done .
i do n't really get the mario but it is super cool i think
i have glutened myself with generic alcohol on a label .
i have yet to find something generic of theirs that is n't labeled gf .
in their defence relocating to the spiritual home of spunking money up the wall on poorly-thought-out ideas is the most sensible decision they 've made yet .
there 's no better fit for a company with a ceo a board of directors but no products and no clue .
the strange south once is enough fig sugarplums and black cherries almond frankincense and star anise .
i 've been letting my strange south samples rest for about three weeks .
this is the first one i 'm re-testing and it has completely transformed for me .
with just a day of rest all the samples smelled fairly one-dimensional on me but now this scent is deep and gorgeous on me .
wet on my skin it 's mostly cough-drop cherry and i 'm perfectly okay with that because that completely disappears within two minutes and cough-drop cherry is actually a nostalgic smell for me so it 's kind of neat to have it there for a few sniffs .
on dry-down i can clearly pick out a not-too-sweet black cherry a hint of creaminess from the almond and some brightness from the frankincense .
the star anise is there as well and magically i actually like it here—i do n't quite know how this sample made its way into my cart since i tend to avoid cherry and anise but i 'm so glad i took the risk .
i 'm not sure i can pick out the fig and sugarplum specifically but i 'm sure they contribute to preventing this from being all cherry .
the scent to me is a cozy velvety deep dark red .
it 's not overwhelmingly sweet not overwhelmingly fruity and i 'm completely surprised at myself how much i 'm enjoying it .
one thing that unfortunately did n't change since first testing is that this does n't have very much throw on me .
but maybe if i stop smelling my arm for a minute i 'll be able to figure out if it has any sort of projection at all ha !
update well after less than three hour of wear time it 's completely disappeared save for a very faint almond cookie smell .
i hope to switch to tankless just to free up some space in my worksh – furnace room .
a lot of commenters commenting how 200,000 is n't rich .
i think that is kind of tone deaf to the surrounding city and general area .
i mean 200,000 is n't buying yachts and making it rain rich but it is very comfortable .
if you can afford a half million dollar home send multiple children to private school take yearly vacations and have nice cars i mean that is pretty rich .
if you struggle to make ends meet after that then you need to look at your spending habits .
my wife and i make combined 120,000 and we live pretty damm comfortably have a son multiple pets take some small trips own property .
not sure how someone can argue 200,000 is n't rich .
maybe not in sf or nyc or london but chicago ?
my friend bought them for a party to make mixed drinks and we just did n't use them .
i do n't have the other stuff to make drinks that will be good with them so they 've just been sitting in the liquor cabinet .
i figured they would be good in the eggnog ¯ ツ ¯
that buys like what a pool and a weeks worth of groceries ?
we have an existing rotation of 4 mlb pitchers and another 7 mlb-ready prospects .
we literally have more starting pitchers then can physically fit between our mlb and aaa rosters .
what we 're missing is a top-of-rotation guy but otherwise we have insane pitching depth .
if he fit a little more perfectly those buttons could n't hold him .
i had the same thought/wish thinking the joystick sizes were too small but in fact it was the wrist position and weight support that make the joycons feel unwieldy for certain games .
the grip will make your handheld switch feel like a ps4 or x1 controller .
the weight will be supported by the grip and with a more natural wrist position your thumbs will also be in a more natural stick position making it much easier to play smash shooters and other games competitively .
i thought i needed a pro controller or a future pro-con until i got my satisfye grip .
discounts during winter sale have been the same as during fall sale for years so i know what to expect .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
please redirect your pull to the summoning megathread as it helps cut down on clutter .
if you feel your post was removed unfairly please do n't hesitate to contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdragalialost .
actually midorikawa is third in the votes the last time i checked behind atsuya and aphrodi
lol had forgotten why after trying it 2-3 times again ... it came back to me .
religiosness in europe changes widely between nation protestant part like netherlands have 50 atheism .
if you look at italy it is 87 catholic .
this shows it depends on culture of the country more than secularism or westernization etc .
i expect turkey to be highly muslim since a lot of turkish culture has been fused with religious rituals .
even though i'am an atheist it says muslim in my id card and i attend to several religious ceremonies .
what i really wonder is the official atheism ratio in turkey .
since people are automatically muslim in their id card which is very weird since babies do not even know they exist in the first place we can never be sure .
this post has been automatically removed because it is a repost of this image https i.redd.it/miggt1ol5k021.jpg posted here https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/comments/a0dfzd/hmmm and that post was removed because
rule 8 looks-like image content better suited to other subreddits .
see the rules faq section https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules wiki_8._looks-like_images for details .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
you must be getting fat off all the nothing burgers in the last few days .
and he 's been caught negotiating for a hotel permit in moscow while putin 's trolls were flooding social media with pro trump propaganda .
the amount of fanservice in this just overloaded my brain
unfortunately it has been removed as we do not allow translation issues as it is frequently reposted .
attempts to circumvent automod will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/softwaregore if you have any questions or concerns .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains or is not a direct link to an image on an approved host .
note that all users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i.redd.it and reddituploads.com will not be approved as neither link directly to the image .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ass if you have any questions or concerns .
pierce even detailed how he felt fucked over that hte celtics did n't want to reward him with a thank you contract or celebrate him they tossed him out like stale meat the moment he was spent
lakers are n't going to lock themselves in cap hell anymore but be assured the organization will do everything they can to help out beloved lakers players
go for less fart-inducing legumes like lentils and traditionally processed forms like tofu and tempeh and let your body more time to adjust gradually .
hey my girlfriend has the same kind of thumbs cool haha .
when they think this kinda job is out of their league they 'll choose another profession such as a salaryman .
maybe not being fridged embracing empowerment and queer rep has given the character the space to grow and develop ?
he made a mathematical mistake it 's only 3 years of child support .
nz would have to create a new working group and use evidence based policy to work it out .
sri lankas government would appoint yet another new prime minister and then fight each other until they all got a new car .
israel built the wall to prevent military and terrorist strikes from palestine .
it 's a very short wall in a narrow part of a small densely populated nation .
nobody is launching military operations across our southern border so there is no national defense need for a wall .
you have to talk to alina to get it .
its literally just no girls allowed '' pillow forts kids would make
i 'm happy with the seeming take down of the nra .
maybe we will get a realistic conversation about guns .
and say to the stuff this 'namachu beer to ato wa omakase de ' .
communism is one of those things that 's objectively way better than capitalism in every way shape and form both functionally and morally but people still buy into cold war propaganda slogans and fox news talking points and argue in favor of the shittier capitalist system .
since it 's easy to argue for communism and easy to shit on capitalism it makes sense that commies are drawn to subreddits based on political debate .
it 's the best places to find people who are still dumb libs and will actually engage in a debate .
and since capitalist libs ca n't win debates on the subject it becomes addicting to spam commie memes and argue with them .
it 's like joining a public match as a top tier professional esport pro with a premade squad .
it 's so easy but just so damn fun to win .
i 'm in unincorporated sj which means we 've been buying our electricity from silicon valley clean energy for more than a year now .
same 1 lower rate but as a solar owner i get paid by svce for any excess power i put back onto the grid at the market rate for that date/time .
pg e always paid me a minimal amount 2-4 cents/kwh when they were charging people as much as 37cents/kwh for that same energy .
so that 's a big plus for me and could easily save me hundreds of dollars a year .
i 'm disappointed that my friends with solar in the city proper will not get that benefit at least not initially .
if a guy has a good back there os a 90 higher chance for me to fall in love with him .
i wish i could describe what it tastes like .
technically it 's like halfway between beer and cola since it 's a barley malt based soda basically but it sounds disgusting when put like that .
it 's like pancakes you just ca n't not like it .
would still make good balance though as deer are less abundant but are worth more .
soon to be done with uw forever i 'm in cs tho so coop is n't mandatory imo ceca is amazingly useless when it comes to backing up students or putting pressure on employers was severely disappointed by how much they helped read none i 'd actually prob be better off without ceca because pd resume messed up my applications big time so i 'm out of coop
i 'm pretty sure voters do n't like being lied to .
bush the elder learned that the hard way when he sought reelection .
sometimes if the curtains are blue in a film it does n't mean they represent depression or melancholy neither develop a specific tone .
sometimes it 's just because the director decided to put blue curtains and that 's all .
roma is a film that you need to appreciate like when you see the calm sea birds flying or simply when you stare into someone 's eyes .
you do n't really need to be thinking what 's the signifier .
you do n't really need to work out if a gun is a sign that symbolizes a penis that 's an index of male domination .
roma is a poem that not even its writer understand its deep meaning .
cuarón explores his memories he revives them and it 's somewhat therapeutic because in this way he heals his nostalgia .
through this exploration of memories he is able to remind himself and us how it feels to love and to be loved .
roma is more about its anagram amor which means love in spanish than about colonia roma .
it 's a film that tries to teach us that art is a great medicine that through art we can heal .
it reminds me a lot about tarkovsky 's ‘mirror ' where its a personal reflection of passed experiences revisited to understand better our existence and its metaphysical relation with art .
while reddit is a site most mobile reddit apps are native and use their api as opposed to a wrapper or hybrid apps .
idk the only time i ever joined the assassins the hashish killed me
this feels like a card that i will have to read while it 's in play no matter how many times i play with it .
it makes you track a lot of stuff constantly how many cards are in my hand ?
end step trigger ca n't draw cards after upkeep .
can we focus the attention players have to give this card into a single phase ?
what a fucking nightmare my coworkers were awful and cruel i used to cry some days before work .
ne znam zasto te se downvotea ali definitivno bi trebalo .
mi u skoli nikad nismo spominjali zlocine na volksdeutscherima i foibe nad talijanima kao ni njihove progone .
njemci su cinili oko 5 stanovnista prve juge i zanemarivo malo druge juge .
fun fact u osijeku je 1910 bilo skoro jednako hrvata i njemaca https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/osijek population .
his eyes would go straight to the additional leg then back up to the owner 's eyes .
perhaps he would lick his lips subconsciously move forward against his will ...
i 'm aware of the difference in the initialisms that 's why i acknowledged both in my comment .
usually that stops people from trying to get semantic about it .
i always hear about these studies proving it 's effective but funnily enough no one ever links them .
i did link a study about aba in my initial comment though and that indicates aba actually leads to increased rates of ptsd so i doubt aba 's really all that it 's hyped up to be .
it 's not a matter of opinion it 's a matter of the documentation of the abuses of aba and how the community it 's designed to help is adamantly against it for the widespread trauma it 's caused .
everywhere i look with that darksiders crack it says something about a trojan being detected .
to be fair 99 of people have bias towards their players .
everyone thinks their players are better than the consensus of nba fans do .
lakers have the largest fan base so their voice and their ability to promote their ideas with upvotes/downvotes makes it appear like that 's what everyone thinks .
for example as unbiased as i try to be .
i think sga is better than and will remain better than collin sexton
just asked me to make two warhammers which i already had .
she likes stibnite electrum warhammers rings the words of the true orbs which i believe is a religious book and sight of aquamarine lyric whatever that is .
i do n't think i can exile a queen right ?
this news was tweeted by seth abramson who broke this over a year ago https twitter.com/sethabramson/status/906345603608797185 ? s=09 but now in context with the cohen trial and sdny 's memo https int.nyt.com/data/documenthelper/516-michael-cohen-manhattan/d85a4cc24e25b7ecf4ab/optimized/full.pdf page=1 and this excerpt from the special counsel 's office memo https int.nyt.com/data/documenthelper/517-michael-cohen-congress/d85a4cc24e25b7ecf4ab/optimized/full.pdf page=1
recalled that this person felix sater repeatedly proposed a meeting between individual 1 trump and the president of
the person sater told cohen that such a meeting could have a phenomenal impact not only
in political but in a business dimension as well referring to the moscow project because there is no bigger warranty in any project than consent of the president of russia .
memo links are directly to pdfs nyt article source https www.nytimes.com/2018/12/07/nyregion/michael-cohen-sentence.html
basically this is the smocking gun of collusion to the point of absurdity of the fact trump has no idea how illegal it is for him to continue acting like a private businessman as the potus .
and his deluded base could not care for rule of law as much as this doofus thinks he can sell putin a fake hotel while running for potus is very cool very legal '' jfc .
and if manafort 's and cohen 's asinine strategy '' of failing spectacularly to lie and cover up this blatant fraud is any indication of just how fucked they all are it 's like watching idiots taunting a table saw with their dicks .
i honestly do n't know why it hurt so much .
i dont really get where this narrative comes from but ive only been a fan since philbins last maybe second to last do we have a historyof trading great players ?
i know we traded ajayi but he was an asshole and a timebomb i dont count landry since it was either that or let him leave in free agency .
my wishlist item would to have a poll when the final 4 happen that says willing to let the others survive y/n '' if everyone votes y then all guns are dropped and everyone can run for the helicopter .
if one votes n then it continues as normal .
at least then you wo n't have guys running for the ladder hoping that others will spare their life .
é divertido quando os outros vêm dar opiniões sobre as tuas decisões pessoais não é ?
if you 're able to train legs 3x a week there is no way in hell you 're hitting them hard enough .
when i train legs i ca n't walk for about 3/4 days .
really try to structure a leg workout the only time you should be hitting legs maybe 2x a week is if you recover quite quickly or your split your leg workout into 2 days quads glutes hamstrings and calves
try go for something like this this is my personal leg workout .
i do it all in one day just to get it over with
15 minuets increase resistance every 3 minuets by half a turn
4 plates 15 reps wide feet straight into 15 reps narrow feet 3 sets
8 plates 15 reps wide feet straight into 15 reps narrow feet 3 sets
i asked the sales associate at sephora how kvd is doing this last weekend and she told me she 's definitely had some customers saying yeah no '' to her products and mentioning the antivax specifically but she said she also has a lot of customers who wear basically nothing but kvd because they want cruelty free and vegan and that 's sephora 's most complete line that offers that .
i 'm in a smaller northeastern city no idea if that 's representative but i thought the split was interesting .
i really liked heavy rain but found beyond to be incredibly boring .
until dawn blows them both out of the water though .
james cameron 's jurassic park that almost happened would have been pretty sweet .
not to say what we got was n't incredible it 's my favorite film but i would have loved to see cameron 's take as well .
there 's a dark side to this story that if i tell will spoil this fun .
i have n't even written about my sister in law yet .
it 's been the hardest year of our lives .
on top of losing our son we feel like we have no family outside of my parents .
my parents are down south for the winter now .
we will be spending christmas day with extended family .
solves that concern other than that it sounds like they may have gotten​ some key items wrong
no you dont need it to play online i havent payed for it and ive been playing online games .
you are engaging in discussion without even knowing the basics .
probably not even from here just trying to stir up divisive topics and opinions .
haha yeah i noticed that after i posted it .
that 's one thing i noticed with hooded eyes is that we can get away without eyeshadow as long as we throw on lashes and we 'll still look put together !
which eyelash extensions are you using or did you get them professionally done ?
i 'm here to chew bubblegum and kick ass ... and i 'm all out of bubble gum . ''
pterry 's daughter who has been left in charge of the disposition of all things discworld is also a very talented video game scriptwriter https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhianna_pratchett she was the writer of tomb raider and rise of the tomb raider games with lots of connections in the industry so if she wanted she could get some sort of interest going behind this idea .
she also considers discworld pterry 's work and not hers and as such does n't try to actively profit from it she wants to make her own legacy .
if it comes down to it and there 's a really good video game adaptation that is pitched to her she would be willing to work out some sort of deal that enable to idea to come to fruition .
however i think it 's this connection to the industry that might make her hesitate .
she 's proven to be a careful guardian of her father 's masterpieces making it clear that there will be no further official discworld books https www.theguardian.com/books/2015/jun/12/terry-pratchett-daughter-fans-shepherds-crown-last-discworld-novel but she 's been more encouraging of adaptions as long as she has some control over the direction of the adaptation e.g .
discworld was sacred to dad and she wants to make sure that her dad 's discworld is n't tarnished by lesser writers .
with a discworld video game that intends to make a profit a lot of things can be changed completely from the books to make the game and follow ups more profitable and that is probably a big no-no for her and how she sees her role as a guardian of pterry 's legacy .
pterry himself once said something along https groups.google.com/forum ? hl=en ! topic/alt.books.pratchett/bzfponvkvbg the lines of any extrapolation of dw would be considered fan fiction and that he was fine with fan fiction as long as he did n't trip over it and if people did n't try to pass it on as official dw .
the disc was his creation and he did n't like people messing with it that is n't to say he did n't encourage fan fiction he just did n't want it thrown at his face and messing with his official version .
rhianna has shown that she understands this and is careful about how people go about adapting pterry 's work .
i really can not see a big studio creating a discworld game that would stick to the principles of how pterry wanted his work adapted or respecting his creation enough that rhianna would let them license the work .
but if such a game came out neither deluge nor ice storm nor the black silence of the netherhells shall stay me from obtaining a copy the day it came out .
heck i 'll pre-order it without reading a single review .
no christians were generally not persecuted under ottoman empire on religious grounds .
they were discriminated heavily discriminated yes but persecuted no there is a big difference between these two .
i agree that this is not a black and white situation where one can label one side as good '' and other as bad '' but your previous post clearly did that favouring serbs without even mentioning massacres done by serbs on albanians only vice versa .
i did n't want to ruin the 3*s that it still had .
in fairness the old ones tend to dive distracted too .
driving in london i 've lost count of the amount of old and young people messing around with phones whilst driving .
loyalists paramilitaries combined killed only 41 republican paramilitaries 4 of the total the uvf 's primary tactic was that of collective punishment killing civilians .
both sides killed about twice as many of their own side as they did the other .
if they were bombing each other 's meeting places they were n't doing a very good job it .
a central meeting place or focal point '' as you put it is a massive target and liability .
a meeting of leaders or leaders directly directing action is a massive target and a liability too .
by the 80s they had already adopted a cell structure highly distributed small units to prevent infiltration and attack .
if you fight with considerably worse communications than your enemy you will lose .
if you gather your entire force leaders and all in a focal point '' you are an absolute idiot and will lose .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
imo players complain to the refs in order to sell '' the foul more .
how dare you all other comments should only be regarding this ! ! !
sometimes i 'll do themes for like fo certain holidays but in general every night has four wildly different categories .
usually i 'll let the winners of the previous week choose one of the categories for the next week as long as it 's not to put there .
i 'll probably start posting the categories beforehand on the sub for next semester .
i do n't know about the other games but fortnite actually makes a profit for the dances and that 's what makes me wonder why these people are suing them specifically .
aside from lippies you can also give her tools like sponges and brushes .
they have jefreestar velour liquid lippies gerard cosmetics clio ecotools beauty blender real techniques
club clio has physical stores at sm makati and robinsons galleria
i think my solution is far clearer in intention the other one modifies the input in a way that may seem arbitrary and the modification may happen many lines before we actually reach the code .
it would justify at least a comment explaining why this is needed .
the issue with modifying the input and then using it readability wise that we move the special case consideration around and worse yet we move it to a line with no context .
and the line where we do the change seems more naive that it actually is and has weird things why start from 1 and not 0 ?
it 's true that fetch may not be optimal but if we 're assuming that the standards library is not optimal we must assume that ruby 's arrays are not optimal and need to be reimplemented .
it 's a reference from mbmbam from a question they are asked .
it was so hilarious and iconic they ended up making merch for it .
there 's a lot of animatics and clips on youtube of the bit in question if you want to know more .
ranked high enough in grand line tier to get another disappointment pull er i mean legend pull but not high enough to be promoted new world tier is too much for me to handle while in college
if you get stuck in a whirlpool underwater tuck yourself into a tight ball almost like a cannonball and exhale all of the air in your lungs .
it may seem counterintuitive at first but denser objects get pushed outward more by whirl pools and there 's a better chance you 'll be ejected from the current and be able to resurface .
i 'm sure he 's not stupid and hears the propaganda everywhere how bad it is .
but what you did was lie and exaggerate the truth in ways similiar to how the government spreads fear of drugs .
there 's more than enough facts on why smoking is bad do n't paint the worst case scenario as the only or entire picture .
you pay with btc for a indian vagea pic and bob
you 've drank too much of the kool aid .
i do n't know how long you 've been selling cars and i know every part of the philosophy that you 're talking about .
price is number sixteen on the typical customers lost of buying concerns we need to build value that exceeds price focus on the hot buttons i know and we all know that .
i 'm a hardcore verde and zig ziglar guy i believe that about as much as you can .
but never forget that people have to pay for these fucking things .
they do and it matters and you will absolutely lose customers on price even if you do everything else right .
we get jaded to it i 've put people out on 900 dollar payments on a car that most people pay less than 300 a month before .
and i 'm proud of that because i sold the car to where the payment did n't matter .
but that motherfucker could make a 900 dollar car payment .
and you might do your job right and put them on the right car and make it fit with their budget and nissan has a similar car that saves them 30 a month due to incentive programs sometimes you will lose .
and if you believe that you will never lose because of that you 're delusional .
i have extremely fine/straight hair so it gets oily quick .
i 've only gotten it to a point where i wash every other day .
i 've never had a hair stylist say my hair was damaged or anything from washing .
swaps the buttons around just before you press them then blames it on the ad-heavy website you were on at the time
i used his nif for 168 games stats https imgur.com/1yzxnnq
stamina is indeed not the best but it also depends a bit where you play him .
i 've used him as a st in a 2 st formation and as a cam .
make sure to set the correct instructions stay forward and he should be fine to 80 minutes .
i have used him to 90 minutes but to be fair i 'd sub him off at around 75minutes normally but that 's when i want some fresh blood anyway .
his dribbling is insane ball just sticks to his feet .
awesome finesse shots as well as we know it 's very satisfying to score with him in his lecutinsideman way .
weak foot is indeed not great but have scored at least 10 goals with it and missed some shots horribly too inside the box it 's not so bad just do n't try to finess with the right foot lol !
upgraded to his ucl card and to be honest i have n't felt the difference .
i actually have worse stats with his ucl card but only used him for 30 games now .
will be going back to his nif and save the money .
there are better options than robben but he 's definitely worth trying especially his nif card which is very cheap .
let 's just hope he gets a futmas flashback or eoae card soon
and 24 hours later he 's still listed as an andalucia independent rep .
they can replace the lulu with a morgana or taric .
most posts outline pretty clearly why the poster does n't like dogs .
you also do n't pay pmi on a va loan but you are right unless you have a va rating an fha loan might be better .
acceptable ... .yes but i have a very low bar as to what 's acceptable .
if you 're near water soak yourself then sit in the water .
obviously do n't do this if you have no way of getting back home or into a running car before hypothermia sets in .
not sure if its technically the best but probably this https flic.kr/p/2atxduw .
i do n't use pa and this would be awesome .
let 's take those off i bet we can keep you warm anyways
you mean like if the fbi director came out and talked about active invistgations into the candidates ?
they still have the marks where they were folded .
gon na deliver heavy ice blocks but have to roll your pants up where you know you 'll be tripping on that later and fall .
it 's someone 's attempt at is n't it cute when they try to be men .
she delivers ice but has the money to get her working shoes shined ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
take the time to really look in the mirror and check out what is normal for you .
mentally catalogue that information and refer to it often .
i love his streams just seeing someone make things in blender helps me learn .
it looks like you 've posted a personal perspective .
for future reference showerthoughts should not be commentaries on you your habits your emotional states your opinions or your experiences .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
for the fact it 's trying to make money ? ! ? !
the game is easy enough to beat without them and they 're completely optional dude
although i understand i have the numbers wrong was working from stats before the second half of the map was opened up it 's massive !
he 'd probably go for another awb today if the dems would give him the wall .
whether he 's the president or not would not have changed this thread in the slightest .
just look at this same discussion before he was elected .
i wish nudity was this accepted where i live .
it 's fake tv drama so i would n't worry about it too much .
i 'm going to run a limited 8 session campaign using the codex !
i 'm sure i 'll have questions that will come up !
they charge us 100/month to park so that patients do n't have to
everyone knows that after the first high you and a big down .
then you want to that high again and will never reach it .
i was on an emotional rollercoaster for a good month after i quit ... probably longer if i 'm being honest .
like others mentioned it 's not a bad thing .
people think that there is something wrong with your relationship bc they are closed minded and immature .
age is just a number and as long as you both respect eachother and make eachother happy then your relationship is what many people search for they 're whole life
i have been living in germany for 2 years and am at the a2 level .
i am going to a language school now and i can tell you that i get frustrated or cry doing my homework sometimes .
then i throw my books away and pretend try are not there for 2 days .
ooh just got the update notification no bridge required .
you can use a password manager if you 're senile .
usually you only have to wait if it 's a non-emergency .
likely it 's really just because he rolled the windows up and/or lied to the cops
speaking of the childhood influences on his design perspective nesbitt cited several summer drives across north america in an amc gremlin with his mother
largest turnout ever and even with the energized electorate they made paltry gains they did n't even keep up with the favorable demographic shifts .
unless they have a miracle candidate 2020 does n't look good .
i use to think bernie could be beat trump with the other self identifying democratic socialists '' i think even he would have a tougher time .
was i the only one who thought this was weird and did n't like it ?
... ... . no that is still a weird short i stand by what i said .
i totally understand your confusion and worry about feelings like this .
i 'm 28 and in a long-term relationship with a wonderful man i want to spend my life with .
he is my best friend and truly my life partner .
he knows i 'm bi and though he 's never labeled himself he once said he 'd be open to being with a man if he felt a connection '' when we were getting to know each other .
i too would never want to jeopardize our relationship which has been monogamous so far but i also feel like i 'd want to explore my attraction to other genders at some point in my life .
i 've thought about suggesting an open relationship of some kind but i worry that my even mentioning that i 'd be open to it would change our dynamic if he 's not .
so i 'm trying to figure it out too .
i think you and i could both benefit from just being completely honest with our partners .
i 'm sorry i do n't have much advice but it sounds like you might like to hear you 're not alone .
back in vanilla i was in a random 5 man group with this paladin tank .
kid was about 13 and had this macro tied to his consecration spell .
every time he would use it his character would y feel the wrath of my concentration ! '
i quickly whispered the other 2 group members asking them not to deflower the young boy and let him retain his innocence they all agreed and did n't correct him .
we all told him how cool that macro was and he loved the attention .
true and yeah thanks i do n't care about winning i just play slipstream because it 's cool maybe that 's why i easily win coz less stress i put on myself !
was it just wishful thinking or was there a reload upgrade for it in the beta ?
it 's a red flag not an irredeemable injustice towards mankind .
i think by turn 4 requires some context between standard and modern .
turn 1-2 of standard is usually land go but turn 1-2 of modern is usually very action packed .
does the first and second turn of standard of playing land go really make the game more fun ?
the primary concern of a format hat is too fast is that there are n't enough turns for interaction .
so modern is much faster but a reason is because the first couple of turns are much more important than standard .
if you judge how fun a game is by how many different actions and decisions happen rather than the number of turns modern is still a very fun format .
of course there are very fast decks that have very little interaction and go off very quickly .
but that is not as frequent as people think it is .
still i do n't feel the need to coo over any baby that is presented .
the baby wo n't remember anything before it becomes three anyways .
i also do n't participate in collective staring-at-the-baby during work which happened at my old job .
they stood there for 25 minutes just staring at the baby in its seat .
eventually i just went and did some work it was so pointless .
i suspect thats why i did n't get a goodbye card .
for me the problem with chrono cross was that the characters were all identical dialogue wise .
they actually showed off how they did it in the dev ending where whatever the line was it would get run through a script to add the characters accent so every characters personality was 90 the same .
in suikoden there are plenty of characters with small roles but they all have unique personalities for the most part .
better to fuck a franchise over and then move on ?
have them trade away all of their youth and draft picks for aging vets ?
r/videos requires that your account be older than 7 days in order to submit content here .
this is a spam-prevention method and can not be waived .
please feel free to submit once your account is over 7 days old .
you may also want to consider our minimum karma requirement of at least 10 of each type explained here https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204511829-what-is-karma so that you do n't run into any further issues .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i would say try not to think about it so much .
go with the flow you 're here now appreciate that .
the thinking mind is a terrible master and an excellent servant .
or pass on a pro bowl rookie safety in the first round .
the manga fills a lot of holes that the netflix series created ! !
do you mind linking the ones you picked out ?
i might get a little something for myself for christmas !
i had the same constant fatigue turns out it was my immune system doing it but it was because of celiac 's disease triggering auto-immune responses and attacking my own body .
what lucky timing to have just discovered this sub .
i eat very little at work and do most of my eating at home .
of course i drink ridiculous amounts of coffee so food would be beyond a bad idea at work .
i was diagnosed at 2 and i have refused to acknowledge it as much more than a minor inconvenience .
i hide underwear and clothes like i did when i had my pull-through even though that has n't been necessary since i got the pouch .
i only take otc imodium and that 's only sometimes .
well how else was he going to chug that without someone holding his beer ?
like any of those activision games could match wows achievement .
they are only going to destroy what blizzard has built for more than 10 years .
bad game designs activision dev 's taking over budget cutting and many more .
i 'm going to be on the look out for those and find a reason to buy and use them !
half of us are buying puts on all of the major indexes .
go by qqq let me know how that works out in 6 months .
no you are not using statistics properly if at all .
let 's say the probability of life on a planet is p and the distribution is binomial .
with 1 success earth in a sample size of 1 observation earth we have n't measured any other thoroughly the 99 confidence interval for the value of p is 0.00500 ≤ p ≤ 1.00000 .
so the probability is likely somewhere between 0.5 and 100 .
if you do n't trust me you can calculate it yourself
because we have n't measured the other planets you can not include them in the calculation as observations since you do not know whether they are successes or failures .
in your calculations you 're assuming they are failures which is not how you do statistics
he says he ca n't loose you because he thinks he possesses you .
your parents love you go back with them and let them know what 's going on .
may he keep his face away from that area .
you were trying to be good by staying with him but he does n't understand that and wo n't .
he tells you your the only one who can get to him because he 's afraid of rejection .
pack a bag and leave it with a trusted person .
ask people about what they did over the weekend or what they have planned for the upcoming weekend .
then use their answers to engage in further conversation .
might want to edit out the middle part might be seen as giving advice .
i think he means if you tell yourself you can only do 12 pullups you will only do 12 pullups .
wanted to reply him but im saving my data .
dude if terrell davis curtis martin and jerome bettis get in then gurley who 's on target to match or beat the much better hofer ladainian tomlinson 's numbers would definitely be worthy .
the ammo limit in the seismic launcher would require me to leave the ring and re-arm .
with two i was able to fill my entire hold of 650t without leaving the ring .
what kind of soil are they using mine are doing ok but not as good as b4 .
just have n't had the time to set aside for it .
now it 's been break and things are slow and i 've just not been .
got ta get on that shit before it 's too late .
i wan na die at the ripe old age of 45 with a glock when i lose 99 of my savings not 35 from a heart attack .
and do n't forget the fact that you only get a small amount of your health back everytime he fully regenerates .
also they have to move from the left of the up tracks to the right so i guess thats why they built it
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you may not have a story in your title .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for askreddit .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
shorters short until they ca n't short no more .
it 's all very peculiar with aphria.they are always the ones that move up the fastest and go down the hardest .
i know that you could say the same about tilray .
but tilray seems to carry itself differently than apha .
they certainly responded much more vigorously than apha when they were attacked by short sellers .
i love the simple fast ui and the pro controller is so much better than the ps4 controller .
i used to really be into steam but i prefer to just play on my tv now with the switch and ps4 .
gyro controls makes me only want to play shooters on switch .
portability is actually not a huge deal for me but i do like having the option of pulling it out of the dock .
i sometimes take my switch over to my friend 's place and i can just plop mine in his dock if i want to .
the switch is just so versatile and only held back by game performance and inability for certain games to even get ported over .
that said my interests have shifted back to nintendo titles anyways and i love indie games too so buying on switch is a no brainer .
ps4 still useful for their exclusives and i sometimes go back to my steam backlog but switch is my jam .
i 'd be ok if they take the markers back replace the tip and core soak it in antiseptic solution or something then sell them at the same price as new ones .
growing up in china we used to recycle glass drink bottles .
the returned bottles were just power washed and refilled .
they just slapped on a new label and that was it .
you 'd be buying a case of beer with all sort of bottle colors sometimes slightly different shapes .
have you seen a doctor to rule out any kind of conditions ?
non-balkan american here i had a lot of serbian friends in high school and one wore a kosovo je srbija shirt nearly every week .
he was vociferously against nato born in a refugee camp and what not and kosovo independence .
he also taught me a lot of bad words .
mandarin only has one word to connect nouns to anything that could be related to it .
in summary i bought 3 items 2 via superbuy 1 via taobao .
2 items could not buy through taobao due to violation .
using superbuy 1 item has been shipped the other could'nt ship due to only available after 27th dec .
so ended i had to pay 2 times shipment fee
for the only 1 item via taobao seller had not shipped yet
notice are you asking for travel advice about berlin ?
read what redditors had to say in the weekly destination thread for berlin https redd.it/6vs9gf .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/travel if you have any questions or concerns .
you better hope your gov takes it more seriously then because right now america does n't give a toss about evs .
lewis i do n't know about however at a guess i 'd say about 5'7 5'8 or so
this post of yours is not dank and not a meme .
even if you are bad at programming that does n't mean you ca n't get better everyday .
learn the basics do some follow along tutorials learn patterns and practices .
the point is that you do n't have to learn it all at once and there is no deadline .
in one month you 'll be a better programmer .
in six months you 'll be a different person when it comes to programming .
even if you are confused or do n't understand keep it up .
if you do a lesson and you leave the lesson more confused than before you started go back and do it again tomorrow .
stream recordings 1080p60 to 4k60 video editing photography sound foo .
too many hobbies that require raw or high-quality media files .
especially video editing becomes a very expensive hobby very quickly when you want to keep the source files ...
sure it 's a very complex topic and there 's lots of things that can go wrong but there 's a big difference between communication that and just telling someone off .
yeah you 're right my comment was definitely not fair to op .
the issue is theyre too op if theyre not a crate drop
imagine if we took the tenth wicket straight away and did n't have to rely on lehmann
because dh is one of the shittest class along with witch doctors atm ?
eso is enjoyable and you can play it more than a week .
fallout 76 was boring after a week or 2 .
money does n't matter when it comes to copyright .
no one will bother to sue you off they ca n't get some money off of it but it is still illegal to copy something you have no permission to even if you do it for free .
i know my university provides a really good support system but so long as you have friends they make good advisers as well !
i 've read over the case and the accusations make no sense .
‘vaccine virus ' is n't a term that scientists use .
if the prosecution meant attenuated then the results would obviously be fake because the apparent cure rate would be 100 .
besides if the data was faked then we 'd have outbreaks of mumps in the us like we did before the vaccine .
hundreds of thousands would be infected thousands would die .
instead we see thousands infected and barely any deaths and outbreaks only happen in communities with weaker herd immunity .
even if the vaccine results were faked just a little bit herd immunity is still mostly preserved .
what is with the constant audio glitches on 7 ?
all these weird garbled sped up voice clips playing during replays
nor did he need to the master of just putting it in the right place with a bit of change every time to wear out the batsman 's patience .
e though having said that i always thought he was a finger-spinner so now i do n't know what to think .
do you know what i might be alright thanks for the good wishes .
hell not even usa could stop panama to accept the offer of china to buy the main port literally right next to the locks
i doubt india has any saying to the point that they can actually remove it
perona and zoro share the driven class apart from the story reasons of course .
choppy carrot are both fighters apart from their duo '' in the story
pedro and brook are both slashers and share story .
might be a coincidence or a restriction '' '' condition '' .
i think the story relationship '' between the units is simply for the sake of illustration just like back in the days they put some units together while not really compatible in-game .
you 're not emotionally mature enough for a committed relationship .
ca n't tell ectsact one but damn i 'm curious how that thing works it can bring you back to a specific a segment of a moment in you past
okay but just do n't use this to feel as if you 've completed it .
we make review videos for movies great movies and terrible terrible movies .
if you have enough devices/screens then there is a benefit in-game .
i 'm probably going to run 3-4 accounts myself on grm .
running a trinity at the very least is advantageous for mvp hunts cooking leeching and instance content .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
you literally created an account just to be wooooshed !
why would you waste flash if she was in eq range..
their stadium is pretty new aswell and nicely located .
to everyone who has a hard time surviving the economy at kg for whatever reason please remember that there is a much appreciated way to get lots of bonus create subtitles .
it 's hard work but it 's worth it .
i actually have n't played fortnite so i was n't aware about the dance and the lawsuit alfonso filed .
ianal but my take here would be dance itself ca n't be copyrighted but his performance may have something different from any other performers like the order of the movements his creation and signature which maybe could be owned .
i can do this dance but i ca n't dance like alfonso did or even create the sequence he created .
if the game mimics his movements exactly from fresh prince '' which from a video i 've seen it looks really similar then maybe he has a right over it .
anyone who sees it may immediately associate with him .
however if it was me and i was n't in need of money i would n't sue them because that 's more an homage and advertising for him in a game that 's played by millions for decades to come with retrogaming ! .
it 's a way to never be forgotten and most will catch his moves or google it .
maybe that 's his intention to address the ungiven credit which will make several google him .
in the end i think they 'll settle an agreement maybe give him credit somewhere .
but it does n't look wise for him to have his dance removed from the game given the cultural impact the game will have .
i think they 've improved it a little since i last looked .
it seems more rounded and modern than the blocky design i remember .
that being said excluding imessage because that 's their aesthetic messengers do normally look better than texting imo .
i agree the design is n't too bad now .
your post is too short please include in the body of the post information such as country and city that can help you find trainers to trade with please do n't put your exact location .
you need atleast 15 letters for it to be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongotrades if you have any questions or concerns .
this one has n't learned to sd with side b yet .
could we have a behind photo as well ? ?
seems to be about eating out the female gender .
i 'm trying to say i 'm tired of the weekly pandering circlejerk posts that phrase things in a way or straight up lie to make the switch look better than it is .
nintendo fans are supremely insecure about their purchases and it 's embarrasing .
we are a community gaming channel making original editing on a funny and epic gaming videos from different games !
if you like to laught and chill watching some gaming you definetely gon na love our channel !
you can check our channel here https www.youtube.com/c/wasdcommunity aswell if you want !
yes u/foeysii an obvious question will be give us examples of your 3/4 star papers for ref .
2. what ideas do you have for our strategic research direction ?
4. what do you think of more teaching going online-distance vs. in person ?
definitely check you 're not giving a presentation i 've seen one or two over the years who were meant to but missed that detail .
i have experience installing single and clustered pairs of palo alto firewalls physical and vm series .
i have experience deploying single clustered pairs and centrally managed checkpoints .
my post history even has some design guides on how to deploy fortigate routers in a pair of active/standby devices with the conga line '' of devices .
i 've factory reset and programmed 2-wire boxes mostly to enable the dmz mode to essentially turn them into passthrough devices .
i 've deployed firepower and asa ... actually i 'm a ccnp .
i 've also deployed hpe network service blades those firewalls that used to be available as a line-card in a hpe/aruba 5406/5412/8206/8212 chassis .
i 've never logged into a juniper device of any variety .
would bust 4 nuts before fleeing as quickly as my burro could flee
yeah it 's not like all the discussions and code change leading to a commit are public and follow review and acknowledgment processes by contributors and maintainers ...
it 's not like even if this was abused the people running nodes have the choice of the software they are willing to run unless it 's leading to a hardfork they can even just not update it .
but sure let 's all pretend that bitcoin core maintainers control bitcoin as a whole it 's not a simplistic and utterly uninformed opinion .
i also really like four tet 's remix of opal somebody else posted .
atheists generally believe in science in evidence-based practice and method to observe reality .
those not utilizing the same framework to observe reality are of course wrong .
like any group of humans has always judged any other group of humans to be wrong solely based on their differences .
it 's different knowing what players you have how you have performed what was lucky and what was not etc ?
americans do n't have sausage rolls and cream cakes ?
i know they do n't have greggs over there but they probably have those people .
song born in the flood anthem https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6pwobo0ktzc
i am not the seed of a failure and i tremble when you call my naaaaaaaame .
guy came through with the adumbrare in a huge way .
also i am in love with this cover art .
oh you bought the welcome package for 5 not to mention several gem packages ?
i mean wotc currently is throwing money around for the esports stuff but do n't be suprised if they have to shut down the game all together if they do n't turn a reasonable profit ... quality products deserve some positive financial feedback man
left my sports bra and water bottle at home yesterday .
it 's nearly impossible to workout in a regular bra .
too cheap to purchase a shitty bottle of aquafina from the vending machine 2.50 .
i meant to said does '' not does n't '' 😶😶
weve been through a lot and on the brink of breaking up many times but neither of us follow through w it .
we once had an ugly argument that he ended up saying i 'm breaking up w you tomorrow .
i 'm dropping you off work and that 's it '' .
at this point i was tired of all of it and said ok '' .
we made up 2hours later after crying our eyes out comforting each other and reassessing what was said in a calming understanding manner .
even tho it only been 4 months since he quit his job.. there has n't been ugly arguements and no more threats of breaking up .
i am currently trying to meet people to be friends w. i have no friends at the moment 😓
the thing i love about this story is that deku and kacchan are n't the answer to everything .
there are pro heroes who are way more important to the plot and way stronger .
there are students who are also not only as strong as deku and bakugou but also very important to the heroes and villains plot .
so yeh i disagree with the deku and kacchan are the only ones worth following and we need to see a good cop bad cop duo thing in the future with other characters just there to make the duo look better .
you must have terrible taste if you think jake lehmann is hot to any degree .
yes but if you want an esr release you should use esr60 .
i visit residential care homes assisted living communities and memory care centers everyday .
i say ! jim milton ! but keep it in spoiler tags because i still find it funny .
the most annoying part about three is i saw a thread titled something like ! well if spoilers was n't the rat but micah was why did she say she was ?
why would you censor that part and keep that part uncensored ?
pretty good tough to get as fluid as he plays it .
it 's just so fast and unrelenting but also so soft the way he plays it .
beneficial bacteria do n't as far as i researched have any effect on aphids or fungus nats .
if your talking in a rez then try and keep it full as i do n't think they can survive under water .
i also do n't believe they create humic or fluvic acid on their own but they do assist in nutrient uptake in soil .
in hydro they are there to overwhelm and crowd out anaerobic bacteria that is bad and causes root rot .
they will also crowd out black/brown fungus/algae which also causes root rot .
1. get 1 gallon jug fill with water add air stone .
2. get 2 different kinds of organic dry fertilizer npk do n't matter .
read the back get 2 with different bacteria descriptions .
you 'll have at least 10 different kinds of bacteria with 2 fertilizers .
like jobs brand etc carried in any garden center .
3. add 1/2 tsp of each to gallon jug add 1 tsp of mollassas .
brew for 24 hours then add to res or medium in 1 cup pours as needed .
these 2 bags will last you more than a year makes hundreds of gallons .
i use this in a dwc bell pepper set up on a deck that gets 100 degrees in the sun and have zero root issues regardless of water temp .
it just overwhelms any bag stuff in the water .
mammoth makes the absolute best root beer i 've ever had .
cry because my mom and most of my best friends would all be gone .
also i 'd need to find a new job because 100 of my coworkers and bosses are also women .
kage is such a breath of fresh air and i really hope we see more crazy stuff come s4 assuming a new roster .
be a bit more descriptive and then automod wo n't tag this as bad title .
there 's also now hart wallpapers on the flyers site https www.nhl.com/flyers/fans/wallpapers
nta you did the best you could and in their first year of school it is important that even gentle consequences are implemented .
you 're laying a foundation here and i think considering how few your options are you did admirably
they 're not as in demand right now because the rp2 just came out but i 'd imagine they 're gon na be valued the same as pumpkins by the end of the event
i actually just got out of a friend 's funeral .
but seeing this comment thread has really made me feel a lot better about the fact that paul loves chemicals so much he 's basically a walter white ! !
still seeing the 4231 my guess for your question is that they either switch to this as a second formation to force the ball for quick wins or usually those who do n't like the 4231 resort to this formation for the quick one twos instead of the 4231s possession play
if you said there was a 30 year old catcher who just slashed .241/.349/.466/.815 121 ops which were right around career averages i 'd say sign me up .
but if you told me we also have 2 of the best catching prospects in all of baseball i 'd say no way jose lima .
omg 600 diamonds is a gift from ln though ! 😊
ok dude it does n't have to be a fuckin indictment a person just made a mistake
this is not a 80 platinium power supply this is another platinium thing .
or so it seems on the official hp website .
let 's be honest i have n't seen any evidence that anyone can drive .
do n't forget getting encounter none accessory feels good to have it even if it 's useless at that point lol
you mention hard attack like symptoms but not actually what occurred .
for privacy i understand if you wish not to expand .
but i worked in insurance customer support for awhile and learned that a lot of policies have clauses that insurance will cover out of network providers as in network in a true emergency .
what this means is you 'd still have you out of network deductible or copays which are usually higher than in network and the total cost of the bill is n't discounted .
but insurance would pay on that portion at an in network rate .
for example you get charged 10,000 and your out of network deductible is 2,000 .
you 'd be responsible for the 2,000 for deductible .
on the remaining 8,000 your insurance may cover 80 leaving you with another 20 on top of the 2,000 .
also if insurance is out of network and does n't have that clause they may still cover some out of network services at a reduced rate with higher cost to you .
if the er is out of network they are not required to bill insurance so check and see if your insurance got anything from them and if not file a claim yourself and see if that will help .
this particular country had an outbreak of sexual assaults at music festivals maybe they can just throw a regular festival and have 1:1 ratio for armed police officers to drunken bro dudes ?
make tickets 5000 each to cover the cost of having half the audience be armed police officers .
if there is no so in the picture to blame then the disobedient child has gone crazy . ''
it ca n't possibly be them because they 're perfect .
we talk about the children of ns having a broken normal meter .
we have to remember that the ns themselves also have a broken meter .
i thought you wanted non socket ethereal items so they can be ebugged
i 'm not sure where this comes from because i 've heard it a number of times but as far as i know there is no canon sources that says this .
if you have a reference please let me know .
the heavy cruiser plowed into the supremacy 's broad flying wing the force of the impact was at least 3 orders of magnitude greater than anything the raddus ' inertial dampeners were rated to handle .
the protective field they generated failed immediately but the heavy cruisers ' augmented experimental shields remained intact for a moment longer before the unimaginable force of the impact converted the raddus into a column of plasma that consumed itself .
ofc on the low range i could live with a reduction of included prem time
only the competitive lvl players should be able to stand a chance in gcs an average 3k shouldnt even be doing classics .
also trophies dont matter so what are your max wins and cards won ?
4,3k dont play gc much so its hard for a same trophy match
slice some potatoes and bake the chicken on top of them .
with the peppers and tomatoes it 's a built in side dish .
thing is evry time someone pipes up you get the hordes of fanboy cucks trying to white-knight the whole shitshow and try to get everyone to shut up because 'they 're working on it ' .
dickheads they 've been 'working on it ' for years .
it 's been over a year since terminus has been fucked .
'oh it 's just because of some legacy spaghetti code ' .
pay someone the two days it takes to fix it .
you know the issue if your devs ca n't do it pay somebody who does .
might wan na grab some people who can code a tight map too .
i hear you can pick up a bunch of ex-blizzard devs on the cheap .
people forget that those who are pissed off and vocal are keeping your game alive .
you may not like their methods but they 're getting a lot more done than you sitting on your fat asses thinking it 's all gon na be ok .
i will have insurance 1-1-19 so i will be seeing someone better suited to help me and getting better medications at a more reasonable price !
the best was always after killing them early in game .
you say in all chat do n't worry i 'll report for feeding . ''
then if they die one more time for the rest of the game their whole team starts tearing into them .
then if you 're lucky they are toxic themselves and go on a 10 minute afk rant in all chat about how they are good and their team is bad .
i 'm not going to tell you what type of person googles the quoted questions but i will tell you this was one of the major and most interesting discoveries in the approximately 2000-page-long file .
his internet results coupled with his emotionless approach throughout the whole investigation present a reasonable line of enquiry of immediate need for psychological evaluation .
i 'm a prosecutor and his demeanour would prompt me to explore his mental state as early in the investigation as possible .
got ta keep space on the front page for loli and shotacon defense force .
10k is worth being miserable for six months to a lot of people .
and what happens when the parents are n't educated on such matters ?
simply being an adult does n't mean you magically learn and understand these things .
i just do n't understand how you can be opposed to a 1 semester class that teaches kids about personal finance .
what different types of loans are insurance basic investing .
these are all important skills that can and should be taught in school .
just because i do n't like the changes does n't mean i am complaining about them changing him .
he is a character i only play once in awhile .
like i said i do n't like the changes personally but i dont care that he was changed .
is this gon na get scolded for not being in r/donghua
alright so basically we are agreeing here that the poll is n't official .
but and yes i 'll even agree this is my own opinion when i see a poll from especially vrt nws politiek with 87 being against it i for my own think at least 50 is against it .
and especially people who follow politics a little bit .
i would be happy to do a federal poll about this .
maybe only with people who actually red it and in a decent and critical way but that 's impossible ofcourse
i have a working version that can fire out fractions of cups and teaspoons however i 'm in a bit of floating point hell and do n't want to share quite yet .
if the udf worked for you may want to mark this thread solved with a 'solution verified ' reply to a comment .
is it me or does that dog look hungry for some ... .. sausage ...
you can still access your account you just lose the hardcore status and become a regular ironman .
she pre-recorded several episodes every time she flew back to japan .
he said the hotel is waiting for payment and that he shared my details with the hotel .
if this is a aaa priced title it 's going to be doa .
feels like there is no steam behind this game or their last one .
they both feel very generic even if they 're not .
they 've been on a slow decline since max payne which is one of my favorite and most memorable gaming experiences .
australian wiz fan who jumped on board when wall was drafted ?
would make the korfbal team in the final '' joke but i 've made it too many times now .
now no entry level job will ever hire me !
thanks for the semblance of sanity but i do n't believe you .
you clearly think all intolerant people deserve to be killed and i assume like most leftists you believe conservatives are intolerant ?
moderation sounds great but for me it 's a myth .
i do n't know how many times or ways i tried to cut back and the only thing that worked for me was quitting completely .
i would n't beat yourself up this addiction is very powerful and will do anything to stay in our lives .
what are your thoughts on the content of cardbaord reality mhgg or blue peg pink peg ?
on a very simplistic level if you have nothing and you divide your nothing amongst nobody then how much does each person have ?
the question is absurd and so there is no answer to it .
enjoy propping up christian dominionism and evidence free trickle down horseshit .
do n't get me wrong i love this manga but the status quo was very painfully/unbelievably reset after the fireworks arc .
at the time everyone was saying how it would be impossible for things to be the same afterwards and that it would move to a dating/romance arc everyone was really hyped about it .
but instead pres got self-conscious kaguya randomly said something stupid and the reset button was slammed down hard .
yes they were more aware of each other but that 's about all that changed .
iirc that arc has never been referenced since even now when kaguya is talking about her love for pres .
it 's a fantastic manga but it 's still stretching .
if a woman is grieving and craves sex to feel close to their partner there 'd be nothing wrong with their partner giving that to them and enjoying the sex .
perhaps you 're picturing someone pressuring a grieving person into sex which would be equally wrong regardless of gender .
we got a single room when we had our last bub and hopefully will again .
from people i know that work there the staff tend to put bogans together in the dual rooms '' .
i 've noticed my character feeling 'sticky ' and kind of jerky and wierd especially with dash dancing rar'ing .
the absolute worst though is i will hit shield and instead i throw out a random tilt .
or i just missed a button and since the ui is unhelpful it did n't really give me the information i needed ?
i know several guys on my list who raced through the last black market season .
it can totally be done for free if you put the time in .
not that i 'd recommend that because jesus christ that 's an investment .
the real advantage of kenmore is that the b c and d lines all stop at kenmore while only the d line stops at fenway .
i ca n't even connect to a fucking game .
it will act like it 's about to pop up and then just keep on counting .
anywhere from man with a wig to ugly girl .
maintenance is impossible for me to spell without spellcheck .
stil grinding for mine i 've got 8 days off work gon na be fun .
gotcha just be safe and please do n't let the nicotine get you .
i know a couple people that never smoked started vaping and ended up smoking cigarettes .
that 's what i do n't want anyone to do .
nicotine is truly the hardest thing to kick and it 's weird because once it has you it does n't do anything good for you .
it just stops you from feeling like what you described in your post so youi keep going back to it .
what kind of fun are they having in demon worlds ?
not really worth building a new pc for much less than 600aud and i could n't make anything better than that for much less .
now make it look all nice but have it boiling hot to really get that ‘landing on a nice planet only to find it plagued by superheated rainstorms ' vibe
off-topic discussion all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
please remember to be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
as an outsider scouse people do seem to have a very distinct look to them .
assuming op is in a blue state and even then it is n't guaranteed .
from a guy 's perspective there 's no bigger red flag than impossible expectations or someone 's preconceived notions about how it should happen .
yeah and you know that 's gon na spike again the december 24th to the 31st or so too .
this is almost as close to tripping on dmt as you can get without actually tripping on dmt .
it captures the feeling of just absolutely tripping out so hard that you 're losing you 're damn mind .
i 'd wonder what the elementary school teachers would think of those who thought los angeles would be in the north west .
also the small east should be called the middle east .
there 's a decent amount of st michael the archangel influence too with the armoured warrior angels .
i 'm surprised his fat ass does n't know how to mow through flat wings .
i can only eat about 4 and i 'm full
dude go easy on the comas you 'll send roboute back in stasis
it 's now back to the honeymoon phase already i 'm still cautious though .
why do you choose foreign citizen instead of illegal immigrant
spenard recreation center and fairview recreation center charge 3 per day pass or a 15-punch card for 40 .
they have free weights and i believe some cardio plus basketball gyms and some other amenities .
it 's not fancy but it should work well for your purposes .
same thing happened to me kind of annoying i already had it unlocked and now i ca n't unlock it again .
kind of b 's if they make us purchase something we already had before .
this might be my favorite one in a long time and not just because of siobahn 's singing which is great .
i can kinda see it but would add that she is hotter than aubrey in pic 4 which is saying something .
and yeah pretty average in the first 2 pics .
hip hop will never become america 's music '' because it is n't music .
truly this dog is seeing through time and space due to their level of comfort
i 'm living in the south east asia and my cooking started off very oriental or chinese because of my ethnicity .
and i find inspirations going towards western style or even south american style .
op is exact opposite and should try working towards eastern .
had n't really thought about it from perspective of a piece of art .
waiting for someone to get in the car then pulling ahead
no one with a brain would believe that about rd .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
so yeah i definitely plan on using the same materials for my 902 studying .
i used the mike meyers 901/902 book as an initial read through to get me familiarized with the material .
then i watched the professor messer videos and bought his notes and quiz questions .
i also used the mike meyers practice exams from udemy and the exam cram practice tests .
and lastly i did the questions from crucial exams .
except for the minnesota game that 's exactly what we 've done every single time
she 'd camp out under the cabinet where we kept the cereal .
if you looked at her or got close enough she 'd like do this little dance to get your attention .
we 'd just set the bag down on the floor and she would crawl inside and eat the marshmallows .
she fell asleep in there pretty often and would usually come out with marshmallows stuck to her face .
she left one of our cats alone but the other she hated .
the funniest thing ever was hearing the cat yelp and running into the living room with the ferret attached to her belly flopping around .
as the cat tore through the living room ferris got flung off and she tumbled across the floor .
she hopped right up and just jaunted off into the kitchen .
is n't meowing a cat trying to imitate human speech ?
your cat is too much cat for his own good !
i saw the film and loved it ... did n't know it was a book !
i do n't like ketchup but i 'm repulsed by it so i do n't want to click there
if you do convoluted set of steps here in pokemon red/blue you can unlock pikablue . ''
why not post in the bug mega-thread https www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollslegends/comments/9tbr8q rather than making a new post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/elderscrollslegends if you have any questions or concerns .
i mostly follow distributors i like so my feed is pretty positive .
are they journalists/critics or just people who like movies ?
in other news united co. rusal just got a new investor who apparently lives in cyprus .
i feel guilty because i 've totally done this .
he could just have trouble actually following through with plans .
sometimes i just kinda do n't feel like going out even if i 've made plans .
i 'm not going to do something if i do n't feel like it at that time but i do feel guilty when i flake on plans .
planning things out is n't really my thing although i really ca n't speak for other estps .
in army bct they just shave your head completely once a week .
i must have been born at the virgin group headquarters then ...
we keep our cats indoors so they do n't die coyotes mountain lions hawks etc and one lived to be almost 19 !
i did this and now for the most part say around 90 of the time it adjusts to the levels i prefer .
look how mainlanders taiwanese koreans and japanese like white people.. they have got the soft power primarily and cultural influence .
my friend grew up in an expat household in china and have lived around asia she 's blonde she gets stopped for pictures all the time .
still imo it is better to like someone than to hate .
a lot of regulars here absolutely hate the west and westerners .
many probably have not even spoken to or befriended one .
intellectual dumbass who watches main stream media absolutely destroyed lol .
edit s btw i 'm not supporting alex jones dude is a moron i just think that insult is hilarious .
last update added more cosmetics then usual to make up for the time without updates .
if they had updates scheduled then they would n't have added so many items in advance .
same problems with lag and activities not updating also noticed the hub is now away in the app and the led was red until a reboot .
going to be a bit painful until all this settles down hopefully the webhocks interface now rolled out helps ...
the target i worked at was n't even a super one and we had both .
it was hella overpriced they would only schedule one person to work there so if she called out or went on break it would be closed everything took about seven-ten minutes to make and it was really really expensive .
the plant is known in the english speaking world as cassava .
anyone who has eaten tapioca has eaten the processed root .
while the root is generally what gets used in food and it still has to be prepared correctly to make it nontoxic it looks like that dish you 're talking about uses the leaves .
one is that he should never be opened outside of your presence .
two is tsa locks are very weak bordering on disposable .
but assuming there is a force everywhere that is stretching out space then it is n't traveling .
you should probably post a pic of the bugs.. but like in a link from imgur and not the actual picture because i have a serious bug phobia but someone might be able to help you identify .
unfortunately bugs can come in to the cages it sucks !
if its some loose bedding do a full cage cleaning .
it can also come in with shavings although not a great food sources so it is most likely from hay ... or from some other none-pig related source and they are just really attracted by the pig stuff .
i had pantry moths two months ago and had to toss everything in my kitchen .
you can store everything in air tight containers and hope to deprive of oxygen and kill off the bugs if you think its in your pig supplies or throw everything out and start from fresh .
depends on how bug adverse you want to be .
so dorsey basically traded our 7th rounder for a 5th rounder .
what you like perpetual war now '' all the low effort comments on that story .
the best was so what if putin likes it getting out is a good thing either way ! ''
there 's no way a single one of those comments were in good faith .
because the game is really fun and most people have been busy playing it instead of raging against the machine .
i put mayonnaise on my food and that is pretty spicy .
as someone who almost certainly opposes op this is on the money .
idk what to call it ... it 's like the streisand effect instead of showing when told not to '' it 's doing when told not to .
like ... i did n't vote trump in 2016 but his opponents have been so fucking obnoxious that i plan on doing it in 2020 .
that must have had all the bells and whistles on it .
i imagine its cheaper to do what i said about 15k in equipment and the time of 12 drone operators at 300 a day
except what you said would n't actually prevent the current situation .
you do realise this airport 's boundary is about 7km across right ?
how would your 12 drones stop incursions of 40 square km of airspace ?
i 've chased quads planes before it 's hard enough to find them in a park 200m across even when they want to be found .
best looking ferrari or maybe the best looking supercar ever .
will buy it and read it during the winter holidays .
i definitely miss switzer considering we gave him away for someone that never made the 53 beasley wants too much money and his contract is up at the end of the year .
i hate everyone equally '' is a phrase that belongs in fictional media that want to have villain-protagonist not actual conversations about life .
i loved the story but like you i felt like the ending was a bit lackluster and such .
i actually blazed through the game on easy i plan to with all characters to ensure i have plenty of health for inferno with no farming and hopefully most weapons maxed out but that last battle was just ...
selling july 2018 critical pass unused for pick up in nyc only .
lol someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed today .
you walked into this conversation and immediately tried to start an argument .
i honestly think valve had the designs already planned out since pudge barely beat out rubick in 2017 ...
they probably just told some poor sob that he had 2 months to edit as many animations in green as he could while doing his normal job at the same time .
i read that as month/day/year like how most do in the us .
so i thought it said placed february/12/2018 shipped april/12/2018 and i was gon na say you 'd probably wan na give up on it reaching you lol .
just make sure you stick with the academic channels .
theres a lot of woo on youtube like electric universe baloney but the straight physics channels are where all the good stuff is at .
you 'll just have to do so academic review to understand it all .
wtf this is n't a repost no one posted about it being .
in coop it can happen at every point but it 's behavior seems a bit different after i watched the above video again although the result is the same
defending point only 1-2 players alive lots of bots enter zone and you instaloose does n't happen everytime but sometimes they just instantly break defense even if timers still running probably because your outnumbered .
this is especially a problem on community servers with high amount of bots
capture point x if you move into capturing zone once ai ca n't capture it normally and run back out to take cover it breaks capturing and you instantly loose
i think she was seeing jordan at that point but living with jo .
so that one i understand but most of these i do n't find relevant to the term co-parenting '' .
lincoln come here and sit by me so we can take a picture .
ok now pretend like you 're asleep on my shoulder .
the grandpa should feel proud but it 's not funny .
and i feel like they be friends with/date attractive girls anyway which i 'm not
its way more better than t-34-85m and the rudy .
on console even the dog barks on the rudy for 6th sense .
a moment of silence for all of the babies to be murdered as a result of promiscuous women refusing to have safe sex which constitutes the vast majority of abortion cases .
is de paul a 10 what position he plays ?
if cesc is coming no point of de paul unless he is a winger .
so you 're that there 's not a human in a womans body when she 's 9 months pregnant ?
i 've been saying the same thing too but you 've probably never seen my comments as they 've all been downvoted .
i 'll take white trash over useless pink hat wearing 72 genders liberal man .
she 's definitely all thighs but it 's not a bad look .
i wonder if any of them ever go back and do what i did with the website and like see what they wrote years ago .
what 's crazier is to believe that the right and left are different entities .
restroom floors in my office are often wet and i do n't like to get my socks soaked .
but i assume wool socks work well for some other office environments .
you might have had that double search points active from i think it was the moon gate quest reward that month
btw what 's the real story on ricky 's dad ?
internet rumors say he had lime disease and died from it..others say he committed suicide..what really happened ?
btw i wonder where ricky 's sisters are at ?
well your logical reasoning skills are at a kindergarten level so i would agree that you 're probably not six .
serebii 's a really good resource but he 's only one person and sometimes things like this slip through the cracks .
i e-mailed him so hopefully he can get that page fixed soon .
agentkazy 's ball legality tab is really good though .
i 've combed through it a several times and i 'm pretty sure there 's no errors in it .
got it i 'm getting the general vibe that it 's better to tread with caution and that effects disproportionately increase with dosage .
thanks for putting a clear number on the range .
darth sidious had no back story when he died in the original trilogy ... .
imho something like the following system would work to give the wanted effect without creating most of the frustrations and hassle that comes with it
this is basically a roundabout way of shuffling pops around manually before and should be removed if you want to kill the micro stuff in favour of an immersive simulation .
players can rearrange the rows to create a priority for job types .
if say farmers are at the top of the worker jobs pops prefer going to farms instead of other worker jobs .
this would simulate government incentives to create opportunities and benefits in certain work areas .
when higher class jobs become available they get filled over time and mostly by pops currently working in the lowest priority fields .
this represents people moving from badly paid jobs with bad benefits to better avenues and is a shortcut for letting them slowly shuffle up through the priorities list within a worker class with the same end effect .
say you upgrade two science labs on your homeworld .
instead of 6 random workers at once jumping into those labs you would gradually see perhaps one pop every month or two 6 pops move from your least prioritized worker fields to the scientist slots .
if one of the three primary ressources is in the warning zone '' i.e .
declining so that you have less than a year 's supply left jobs that create these raw ressources get a hidden automatic high bonus to job priority .
possibly enough to make specialists in low priority jobs drop down to worker jobs that are currently crucial .
this not only represents common sense you would grow food if you hunger and you would more likely likely support your fleet industry if man-eating aliens were on their way here but also again governmental incentives towards these jobs .
similar to the quick fix they just implemented when higher class jobs become unavailable for some reason pops that only recently improved can go back without penalties .
this represents that sometimes things just do not work out when changing jobs for different reasons and again is a slight abstraction that serves the purpose .
both of the latter of course happens over time too not with 5 pops at once .
i still wears my brother 's darth vader one .
the thing with curry is that he 's only had one all-time great season and then only 2-3 elite seasons outside of that .
i have no doubt he 'll age well but right now his relatively short tenure as an elite player hurts him relative to players like durant .
i 'm currently not allowed to post images in it since i just joined it but you can super feel free to if you want lmao
lol i did something similar earlier thinking i had 12/21 expiry and only noticed after robinhood notified me that my 12/28 option had sold
not saying it 's a bad idea i 'm just confused on what the point would be ?
but the one that you did n't raise at all because you got mad at him ?
i love billy joel toward the end of the week so i will definitely play him a lot later today and tomorrow .
still ca n't decide.. i guess it does n't really matter since they 're pretty equal .
i wish just once my biological father would say that to me .
i do n't think that 's ever going to happen .
i 'm usually quite honest and take the blame to deflect it from people below me .
when i say none of this was my fault i mean it was completely out of my hands .
seems like my plan to take a hit for salah or robbo for newcastle game can turn into a disaster if klopp decides to rotate ...
she just did n't feel like it was worth commenting on probably because the game ran just fine for her .
as you say she does n't even touch the subject so noone can know .
se may have had no problems she may have had many problems which someone like you or me care about but never realized or cared about it herself .
so your comment is the exact opposite as the one you are answering as yours is absolute unimportant as unfunny
what 's that your smoke ball prevents the flu ?
hmm i 'm assuming these workouts are high intensity and the added stress of if probably has your cortisol levels out of whack .
probably going to have to let your body adjust to all the new changes to your lifestyle .
you will occasionally have nights but if it continues and you are feeling lethargic after a few weeks if may or may not be for you like others have stated
i was trying with that yellow ballgown sweet breeze ?
before with not so great results so i was pleasantly surprised that i got a good rank with princess dawn
havent used sns and hh much in this game used them heaps in tri and 3u but i just ca n't speed run with them in world so they only get used for support when people are really struggling to just stay alive .
but man that particular sub is a hot mess of it and popular to boot
can you legit do this and could you explain why it would be cheaper are n't strength x 's going for less than x nodes on market place right now ?
i love this so much i love missy i do n't include her as a villain because of how complicated it ended up being .
first match watching because r/sportsbook led me to betting on the scorchers .
so if it looks like i am being taxed at the wrong rate on my january salary i should contact the tax office directly and ask them to adjust my rate ?
it 's always better to be charged less now and more later .
it 's not like a phone case nobody is bashing their desktop pc around .
also being ethnically european but living in a non-white majority country can confirm .
i think we need to give kaitlyn a mental health break .
she still put out an older podcast and will record soon .
even if she 's not bed ridden we can understand there 's different types of being sick !
i 've never been able to successfully wean from it .
my next attempt is a 6 month waking period where you dilute it water and take tiny micro doses .
it 's well documented that amazon stores all of the voice recording of what you say after the wake word is triggered .
you can listen to them in your own alexa app and it 's not a secret .
i 'm pretty sure the article is saying that they just sent the wrong files to someone when they made a gdpr request .
sounds to me like they just have n't figured out their process for gdpr requests and there otherwise is n't any real news there other than amazon mishandling it .
at this stage where pvp stands right now yes you will 99 of the time be one shot by somebody with an explosive shotgun .
it does n't even have to be two shot .
op what are your recommendations for making crowfall a better game ?
do you think it is a better choice to play than a battle royale game ?
what do you think of the combat they 've chosen ?
finally i think you 're taking star citizen as having a huge budget doing something different for once spaceships and then offering mmo .
i do n't expect it will be very mmo more multiplayer .
it probably will be a more interesting game if they can get to release and deal with all the bugs performance issues and further technical challenges ahead though .
but overall thanks for the write up semi-review and impressions .
and of note ellis island is the way legal immigration used to be done too bad we still dont use it or its policies .
all immigrants detained until official identification made and physical wellness assured .
those that didnt meet the requirements were sent back on the next ship period .
anyone looking ill or acting so was detained indefinitely until well identification proved never released and told to show up to a court hearing.ha .
so never let these sympathizer leftists sit and compare what they call migrants and immigration today to the ways of the past .
i assume over half of what gets allowed to stay here today would have been flat out rejected 100 years ago .
i mean in the past when people did n't so much speak english there was incentive to make the language more neutral to communicate
if you want much easier time in raids c3po .
besides the fact that getting bh for chewie offer more stuff chewie is bit underrated .
you 'll see in this 3v3 ga how the cant be stunned or dazed '' he give to 2 allies is just great pvp toon.. and i feel that if new rebel meta will rise soon and it will rebels always rise chewie is almost a must there while c3po might struggle to find his place even tho hes amazing support and giving stuff that can even beat revan currently with different leads while chewbacca kinda limited to qira cls leads .
but i still feel that chewie is better for pvp while c3po for pve and raids .
haha citizens uprising lol .. cash is completely untraceable are you stupid or something ?
explain to me how cash is in any way trackable ..
btw the actual data used by blaustoise could 've been used better .
riot are n't absolute data gods who can do no wrong with their data quite the opposite they post simple straightforward winrate vs number of games graphs and everyone claps their hands in their surprise they do look at some numbers !
i 'm sure that between u.gg op.gg lolalytics.com champion.gg leagueofgraphs.com ugitgud.gg mobalytics.com and certainly others which i 'm currently forgetting there are many useful graphs which riot never thought of doing .
ugitgud 's gold given vs taken from kills lolalytics ' extrapolated item sets log of graphs ' winrate vs kda 10 and 20 minutes etc .
if the api didnt exist ppl would still talk bullshit out of their asses but they would have the ca n't look up if i 'm right or not '' excuse paired with you also ca n't call me out on my bullshit cuz you also ca n't look it up '' .
not giving the data is only better if you consider everyone to be so massively manipulative and to have such small concerns for actually being correct along with being so insanely dumb/lazy that everyone would only post bs and no one would call them out on it .
notice how a worst case scenario for data being public is almost exactly the same as us not getting the data .
i do n't think callaway can be our x .
i would if you can add this song to this playlist
the problem is and at the risk of invoking godwin 's law whilst they are still a fringe they are a fringe that are getting increasingly more vocal and gaining support .
the last time a country decided to take the attitude of i would n't worry about them too much '' regarding a violent right wing fringe group we ended up with ww2 ...
in fact there should be a decent selection of t5 and below ships on offer as well .
wg seem to forget that many players stick at lower tiers and they miss out on stuff like this plus it would help prevent some players building up large quants in the first place .
a bit hard for them to moan about players collecting fxp when the mindset is put in place by the cheapest ship coming in at 375k of the stuff .
having a high iq does n't mean you have all the answers .
it can also mean that often you 're more aware of your faults .
either way no matter the iq we 're all capable of getting wrapped up in self doubt and need a little help and guidance from time to time .
the girl who 's are only friends '' with the boys
no and she unmounted is always on the wall for enemy mortar focus.green knight destroyed the gate and gathered enemy infantry in there.so i can use awakening of the wood for infantry stacks.paladin with pegasus focusing to enemy lords .
elsie+zola i found quite important for control matchups delays fatigue by two turns and gives you a lot of late game value .
if you do n't have eilse i would consider alexstrasa as replacement maybe as another lategame option .
first four turns is almost always just hero power pass .
because of your armor aggro decks have to commit a lot to the board making your aoes very effective aggro generally is a very good matchup for you .
the dragon package gives you 4 more hard removals lancer and roaster which is super helpful against both aggro and control .
try to hold onto a dragon all the time to activate the synergies as in do n't play your last dragon unless there 's a really important reason for it .
also true vs all hunter decks thanks to annoying dk rexxar try to squeeze every last bit of value out of the deck .
like elise+zola discover big mechs with dr.boom try to kill multiple fatties with one super collider hit stall an extra turn to hit more guys with an aoe spell and so on .
article 13 if you can think of it it 's copystriked
there is a real global conspiracy but they made up so many fake ones people assume the real one is fake too .
this would never have been allowed if steve jobs was still alive .
if they had dealt with their pedophile predators rather than hiding them then they would n't have destroyed people 's faith in them .
i have n't encountered anyone like this since my grandmother she says things just like this about white people on a daily basis .
also are you just a smidge salty you cant sing or what ?
i could 've been wittier but his stench was the only thing i could n't get out of my mind .
this is probably the dankest thing before memes was invented .
i understand not being in the position to take off work trust me .
i 'm glad you 're in a better situation now .
i got in a car accident as a passenger a year and a half ago and the car i was in didnt have insurance but the hospital surgeons and doctors said the bills had to go through no fault but with an uninsured car there is no no fault .
the next step is to charge my auto insurance .
well i did n't have a car so i did n't have any coverage why tf would i pay 200 dollars a month when i did n't own a car and what would i even put it on ?
first they went wanted my parent 's auto insurance because i had them down as my legal address so i could stay under my dad 's health insurance but my mom said i did n't actually live there .
then they were trying to go after my boyfriend 's mom 's car insurance simply because we lived with her despite us being 24 years old and her tenants .
i would n't give up her auto insurance information to the one billing lady at the orthopedist who was threatening me about it .
i told her to just bill my health insurance but she did n't want to do that and threatened me for weeks .
eventually she got so angry that an anonymous '' call was put into dmv stating that my parents had an uninsured driver living with them despite me not owning a car not actually living there having previously had my own auto insurance for 4 years and having a suspended license .
she also called my health insurance to say i was n't really living with my parents .
so they had to choose between putting a 24 year old female which is expensive with an accident on their record from a year prior and a suspended license on their car insurance or tell the medical insurance that i did n't really live there and i would lose my insurance with a lot of serious health issues that required specialists .
they ended up taking one for the team and listing me as a driver on their auto but they had to switch carriers because it went up astronomically .
she ended up putting it through my health insurance who denied it after 6 months and now a year and a half later the orthopedic surgeon is suing me for 11,000 plus a year and a half of interest saying i agreed '' to pay it to him despite never actually recieving a bill or being told how much the surgery was .
my plastic surgeon who reattached my nose was a saint and not only saved my nose but did n't give me shit about putting it through my hmo and if it was denied she never came after me for it and ate the cost doctors do a certain amount of pro-bono work a year and will often write off surgeries every so often that insurance does n't cover i had a surgeon do it for a breast tumor once .
i 've kicked a dog because it was attacking my mini dachshund the owner totally thought i was out of line but i did n't care .
i also dmd them to confirm it and they said it is infact retail !
when i went to prague i went through the same problem .
i was scared to get drugs off the street of an unknown country .
but i was told by many that the blacks are the ones you 're supposed to go to .
they will be around popular tourist attractions just hanging around and chilling .
i started off with approaching a random black dude who was also a tourist guide .
after he told me where to go i then went ahead and asked him where can i get good weed .
that 's when he told me that he 's a drug dealer and can get me whatever i like .
do n't straight up approach a random black tourist but look out for blacks who are selling something or have a small stall or who look like they could know where there 's weed .
start off with asking for restaurants and then slowly get to the point .
they 'll either give you the drugs or tell you they do n't know where to get them from .
also i was sucking on a weed lollipop so the black guy who i approached understood that i kinda wanted drugs .
do n't look too scared or nervous as some dealers may rip you off and make you hurry .
be confident and make sure he 's not over pricing for drugs .
find out the costs of drugs around that area .
agreed it was a very difficult listen last night .
both iain and kath however handled it superbly and if people feel up to what is an obviously emotional chunk of audio i 'd recommend they catch up on it .
we got two monocles before we had to call quits for the night including the red one .
i know we do n't need to but we 're going to get every monocle all together to make the journey together rather than split up .
he is a cc machine 2 stuns and a silence .
add wall e with da disk and tia with ya disk and you have a some amazing cc control .
all your quests and time to death timers are fixed based on your seed .
had to look at it a while to notice but that a-string looks a bit rusty .
i applied on a friday afternoon and was approved by monday morning .
just make sure that your supporting letters are from approved professionals .
my letters were done by ives my surgeon and an 'expert ' in the field and my gp who 's a member of the fracgp a requirement for gps doing this form .
sir that 's david gborie ... . no one has ever seen international waters
pierogi after boiled fried with butter and onions is amazing we always have fried kielbasaon the side too .
well i prefer every story over knight story for reasons quite similar to your own so it 's technically true .
well if u can play ur game wont matter it wont be recorded played 3 rank nothing happen
oh boy you have no idea ... excuse me that i do n't start to admire a person that has cleared a 2 year old dungeon ... now be a good boy and tell everyone who finished the tutorial how amazing they are .
am i the only one who likes x ? ''
no why would you think you 're the only one .
provinces add more depth me2 was pretty simple still a great game but its campaign mechanics arent as engaging over time
also mods fix a lot of the stuff you mention
i would kill for medieval 3 tho i like my archers and archers suck in roman time period
ill clean your room n then ill lick you clean ...
the ten years since the merger with activision each blizzard property has taken off and thrived
sure let me just turn off my ability to read .
besides i do n't particularly care or want to watch this show in particular i just wanted to contribute to pointing out that making a spoiler out of a non-spoiler is a shitty thing to do in general
i was n't assuming unless i misunderstood her statement which was that she has to resist almost daily until she gets married .
to me this means a person is trying to do this in their own power .
the bible says to kill these kinds of desires so it does n't have to be a temptation-if that makes sense
yes i used to think it would upset my parents but i also feel i am upsetting them just by existing .
that 's the thing i bought it online from a company under amazon that works in my region and they 're known for switching out parts for cheaper versions wherever they can to cut down the price of the product so they can afford to sell it for a lot cheaper and by this i mean i got the samsung battery with the laptop when i bought it
do you think if i bought an original dell battery it would work properly ?
since everything is stock parts except for the battery and the charger but i already have a new original dell charger so that ca n't be the problem .
any suggestions of what could be the problem that 's if you believe it 's not the battery would help i have checked everything that could cause it
and the m.2 is actually supposed to take less power so i never actually believed it was the issue
are you implying that jesus died before he was born .
no you are forgetting aggro druid which was a fairly successful archetype while devs actually supported it with cards like enchanted raven .
you can do the onsen in a half-day trip from kyoto if you really want to but it 's an amazing place to take a hike and look around .
i just shut the club down i ai n't even try
oxford dictionary disagrees with you and doesnt recognize the word griefed . ''
it does however recognize the word grieved '' as the past tense of grief .
you also misspelled it while trying to correct them .
you are totally beautiful sexy super hot and foxy .
you can totally sit on my face if you want
personally i want christian mike and davie to return .
john is someone i 'd like to see return but i 'm not sure if he 'd do it .
i 'd also be okay with nick returning but probably only for all-winners .
and i can see angelina gabby and allison returning at some point .
kurds will be used as tools always as long as they keep relying on other countries in their hope to grab some land .
i got so many weird dreams that i do n't know where to start .
the freakiest one is probably the one in which i see my family turn into killers .
it was a very long time ago so i ca n't remember all the detail .
i dreamed that a student from my middle school comes to my house and somehow gets killed by my parents .
they cut the dead body into pieces and left it in the washing room the place where you put the washing machine .
i do n't know why i got that dream ca n't even think about a reason .
i think the point of the article is more that he 's saying 'this sub focuses on getting published for the first time but do n't think it 's a bed of roses after that ' .
ever wonder why corporations pay 2 tax while the guys on the assembly line pay 40 ? ''
it should return 3 i guess there is something missing from the code you gave here .
so no possibility of biting off and eating the dick .
you ca n't compare which car is faster if you disable the newer one 's turbo because the other one does n't have one .
he put all his assassin points into sneaking and rapid costume changes .
scented candles christmas lights and a big banner that says dream '' in a loopy font
not mine but my mother has a fascinating story .
when she was younger she and her friends were at some kinda party and since it was like the 80s i guess that means it 's a normal thing to use ouija boards since i think they were pretty big back then .
they do the basic shit like ‘is someone here ' ‘how did you die ' ‘did you come from hell ' etc .
eventually they ‘discover ' they were communicating with two demons .
they start asking questions about the future and eventually my mother asks who she will end up marrying .
the little piece of wood moves from letter to letter spelling m-a-r-k .
the party ends a short time later and nothing happens for a good decade .
hehe that 's definitely a high compliment thank you !
3 chuchu all aboard the ras best girl train !
just got ta realize most people are toxic as fuck and you have to weed out the good ones
and as i frequently remind leftists anything to the right of corbyn is not neoliberalism '' .
the base is just chicken wire folded to a few inches wide and bent around to make it into a circle then weave lots holly in to it to make a nice think green base and then just fill it up with whatever takes your fancy !
my wife 's grandma gave her half a bottle of shampoo one christmas .
it had somebody 's name written on it in sharpie the name was n't her grandma 's .
this alone made my solo gameplay tremendously more enjoyable .
not that i necessarily lived and extracted but it led to more satisfying fights that just standing there .
the time spent moving around all ears pushes adrenaline then you realize you 're where you want to go right behind your agressor .
sometimes he takes cover and both get entrenched and the firefight lasts .
or for some reason you die or lose him .
still satisfying because you got that juicy adrenaline pumping for a solid two or three minutes .
staying where you are means you rely on your sole reflexes to quick aim your enemy .
i usually die when i stay on engagement site .
or conversely start gushing about a completely different property .
go on and on and on she wo n't be able to contain herself .
you have chosen the wrong manga to encourage everyone that everything is fine .
you want to know what a good business move was with ark having a discounted price upon release releasing just after jurassic world when everyone was keen for game with dinosaurs .
i imagine atlas they were trying to push for release before christmas but as for the sale they 'd probably just put 10 off still get featured on steam .
is being female enough or do they also need to be non-white ?
the main lefty criticisms of her seem to be pharma patronage and her prosecutor past .
i think we need someone younger to get the young people motivated and i ca n't see him being able to pull off a bernie .
it 's not the first time in 20 years '' .
little nemo went into public domain five years ago as did a bunch of other stuff .
i have a question not trying to be a smart-ass but i 'm just wondering i see so many people making fun of the size of the gun but would you really want to be shot by any size ?
out of the guns i own my fav is my ruger lcp .
holds a 38cal bullet yet smaller in appearance than the one in the picture making it easy to carry ... .
besides my girlfriend told me size does n't matter so there .
it might not be the best but its mine .
maglock kit sacrifices the bolt catch but at least it makes it legal .
built for around 450 give or take not including the red dot .
j e stock planning on swapping it out with a vltor or something better
considering that the instrument in question is basically a big drum i can not imagine how difficult this was .
do it will imagining modulating the sound frequecies you hear either lower in tone or suppressing the volume so to speak .
i combine that with relaxing and it 'll always make it much more tolerable sometimes gone .
i exist but unfortunately for op i am only attracted to girls either with a pussy or a dick .
however i would prefer one with a dick like op does .
damn seems like wow 's inevitable death is upon us .
we have classic to look forward to i guess lol .
did you check the black market tab in camo selection screen ?
he also had the injury in his late 20s .
he was at this peak even if he makes a full recovery in two years he could already be facing his decline
well the status quo in europe is homogeneity in which case the burden of proof is on you to demonstrate firstly that culture is irrelevant to assimilation and secondly that immigration is not a problem in relation to national identity .
why should an alteration in status quo require a demonstration that it is potentially problematic surely the onus is on you to demonstrate it is n't ... and with respect get off your new zealnader high horse you have n't demonstrated anything .
in fact you 've wavered throughout this conversation and i do n't even know why i 'm still entertaining your pretty bad to be honest arguments .
mom every time i eat kiwi it feels weird ''
no it 's just that my tongue goes numb and my lips are sore . ''
well if it does n't kill you then it 's fine .
but you have to get used to your tongue going numb and lips being sore . ''
just say bro your form is shit and if you keep this shit up you 're gon na have a pretty shitty back ''
how does some racist hick know if a black might happen to be a republican ?
i guess it could happen but it would be anarchy
it happens in a fraction of a second so far new update bugs are invisible lobby characters and these black textures .
regularly black textures meant you are out of vram while purple meant missing textures but that 's not the case here .
podcasts taught me to play and dm and you can enjoy them in a wider variety of situations than videos .
i 'd be interested in seeing this letter and i would n't put it past someone like laura to use the threat of a lawsuit to intimidate people .
i have a hunch that there are a ton of millennials who are currently standing arounbd nude in their apartment presumably drinking espresso and eating avacado toast ?
wanting to do more nude things but not sure of the outlet .
i think you 're probably right just going by the number of people who seem to fit that description on this sub .
honestly i do n't know what to make of that though .
granted there are some annoyingly high barriers to getting into it .
if anyone really wants to it 's not impossible to make like-minded friends or get yourself to venues and events ... so at some point i have to conclude that they do n't really want to ?
c they live in the city without a car and all the resorts are in the country .
that 's pretty true for most everyone i know but that 's also probably an artifact of living in the nyc area .
the groupthink of this sub sometimes leaves the impression that resorts are terrible but everyone i know actually does like the resorts in the region and going to them when they can .
it 's just a challenge of cost and logistics not having the car and having a busy social life with lots of other things going on in the summer that stop us from going more often .
actually i 'm probably underselling how much that last point makes a difference .
i know lots of people who are totally down with social nudity and completely comfortable with it and have fun when they do but doing it is more like priority 7 than priority 1 in their lives .
of course all this is just my own personal bubble that i live in i 'm not sure how much to generalize any of that to the wider world .
well i guess the mauled and skinned bears were just taking one for the team while this investigation was going on for 9 or so months ...
subbed heres my link https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=a4-5c4hpwxu https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=a4-5c4hpwxu
if possible try to watch at least a minute of the video so youtube does n't unsubscribe thanks !
that tele is amazing what 's the name of this blue ?
it 's been tested studied evaluated and voter fraud that you are claiming does n't happen on the numbers you are indicating .
voter fraud as done by the repubs in nc seems to have been going on for a long ass time .
well ... you havent heard silence because silence can not be heard ... that or you 've heard silence you only perceived it differently than most people .
fuck me omg i was hoping no one would notice .
it was a slide on instagram so when i put it in a collage i forgot to put a border around it
i know that i did n't do anything wrong and they have no reason to be annoyed or mad at me and they always talk the next day to me the exact same way and we stay friends .
but i just ca n't help but overthink it too and constantly replay the conversation
psa for anyone interested in buying form and/or twilight path .
if you do n't have both games yet you can save even more with the bundle .
almost got them separately because i was too excited and did n't see the bundle option at first lol .
might sound stupid but everyone should have a dedicated lunch period .
from personal experience it is hell not being able to eat or have a moment to regather your thoughts when sitting through 7 hours of learning
it 's a best selling game had major cultural impact and has been in two games recently in a massive gaming franchise one which came out earlier this month .
https www.hp-lexicon.org has the more stringent and well-referenced information that you seek .
you can just farm goffanon forge no need to unlock izanami
people have been complaining about music on the radio since before the radio was invented though
billionaires generally do n't work at all let alone work hard '' .
what 's the point if being a billionaire if you have to work ?
they also do n't lose '' anything their billions are the stolen profits from other peoples labor .
workers are the people who actually produce the goods and services they make a profit from .
they ca n't be billionaires without the labor of others .
we do n't need billionaires but they sure as shit need us .
i love these comments apple is always ebbing and flowing between too expensive and a great deal for what you get '' as well as between fantastic customer focused support and bone headed directives like you 're holding it wrong '' .
but whenever we 're in a you 're holding it wrong '' level escapade the comments are always that they 've lost their way .
when in reality just because it 's raining does n't mean there wo n't be sunshine in a month .
it 's shit like this that makes me think the world really would be better off without religion .
but i think i 'd just settle for getting religion out of power systems .
i 'm canadian so the american revolution was taught if you seeked it out i took u.s. history in high school as an elective our priority was canadian history but the perspective i had for a long time was that the british were just as invested in the conflict as the colonists were .
it 's only recently that i 've heard the perspective from brits that it really was n't a big deal they had other things going on at the time .
i do n't know either way but that does make sense to me .
but i ca n't even fathom this subs obsession with magsafe .
maybe i just never saw the need or must have about it .
i only have imaginary arguments after too many ipas ... they tend to end violently .
if you are in a town that gets nuked do you think it 's like a split-second of intense pain and then nothing ?
the only supply in reach of my way to school is dunkin donuts and they dont even have frappuccinos
tell her you 'll have one when she forks over 20k for ivf then smile .
do n't mind me i 'm just running out of fucks to give and say the first thing that pops to mind when people bingo me .
i ca n't believe some people yell and scream thinking that their rank is a measure of importance in the civilian world .
in the civilian world your rank means exactly jack-shit .
i find it really uncomfortable even taking a seat on public transit in uniform because of the reaction i think i might get i ca n't believe someone would even consider their job as a pass to be a piece of shit .
maybe it was just a stupid guy who flew it to the airport for whatever reason .
also a saint 's fan so if he does n't play that be just dandy .
the problem with hans is that he struggles to stay alive against neutral enemies without grails or someone supporting him .
his np 's defense buffs are good but there 's still a decent chance that they just do n't happen .
he 's still good in an arts stall team because it lets him np more .
i used him for some onigashima battles but only against assassin heavy stages .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cakeday if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're talking about punishing millions of people in another country without due process for the crimes admittedly atrocious of maybe a few thousand russian bad actors .
i 'm outraged like everyone else but this is just un-american .
edit this will work if its just the pickguard that needs screwed on .
i just looked at the 3 month s p and the volume has been a little higher in the recent decline and much higher in the last two days
your post does not have much of a body .
please write more than a title if you would like to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reddeadredemption if you have any questions or concerns .
ha well your pun is fantastic but that sounds like a fundamental issue with whoever signed that contact not star trek .
because your sister '' isnt widely accepted racist dialogue unlike say the n-word being immediately associated with race your sister '' is how i denote that she is in fact your sibling .
because the insult was not that im saying you fuck your sister to draw negative attention to the color of your skin '' but instead was im saying that you 're so dumb i think you may have some of the mental challenges typically seen in children who are the product of inbreeding . ''
since your in second year you already have a cgpa .
so you need either a term gpa of less than 1 so this means the gpa of all the classes you took only this semester or a cgpa of 1.67 or less cgpa is the average of all classes you 've taken at ryerson
so also nisan 15th does n't always fall on a sabbath .
nisan 1 is the first day of the year in the torah .
if it moves then the calendar is wrong and your whole gambit about a goyim name for a word is just pointless .
i live in nj but i 'm only 40min by train to manhattan .
i work with multiple people who work in both nj and ny .
at least to get your foot in the door and have a job when you first move .
i love the culture surrounding it and it does have a lot of good moments but often it feels to me like a chore to watch .
similarly we called my oldest ‘little feet ' when he was first born which then turned into little peets then peetski bageetski then pickle peet and then it became just ‘pete ' .
i often think about that people in public must think his name is peter..
unholy hell friend this sent chills down my spine .
especially if it 's been peppered in barovia before that there are these dreary sad folks and then few individuals with life in them that the players notice but have n't put it together yet .
toxoplasmosis is an illness caused by a certain parasite often spread by cats .
if you have cats you most likely had it at some point in your life without knowing .
most common is a symptomless infection where you dont even feel anything in other cases stuff like being tired headache and swollen lymph nodes can occur .
however there are speculations that toxoplasmosis may be related to some cases of schizophrenia but thats not confirmed .
i 'm playing at 3440x1440 which is a fair bit more demanding than 2560x1440 but my monitor is 100hz .
i almost never hit 100fps in aaa games with my overclocked nitro vega 64 and 5.1ghz 8700k .
i play everything on ultra but to get 80-100 fps i have to reduce some settings to high or medium in most games .
the only aaa game where i 'm actually getting 100 fps with every setting cranked is forza horizon 4 and cities skyline though cities cares a lot more about my cpu and my current city uses like 20-21gb of ram so that game presents it 's own issues .
vega 64 gtx 1080 rtx 2070 is the minimum i would recommend for someone looking into high refresh rate 1440p gaming .
1070 is n't enough and i do n't think you should wait for the rtx 2060 because it wo n't cut it either .
i think you should look for a 1080ti or 2080 because aaa titles are only going to get more and more demanding and while a 2070 would be fine today it will only be fine for so long .
if you 're going to spend that much money on a gpu why not buy something that you can get that kind of performance out of for a longer time ?
you have to be max rank with solaris united not the quills
messaging mods for the minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobies if you have any questions or concerns .
no i live in australia and i just got .
do warriors fans believe time difference or is that not necessary on a flat earth
and i think its because he got a hat trick without shooting at a goalie that we 're all pissed
love her service and her price is the lowest than other ig sellers
i need to just get all over that body and those lips
i mean it would n't work cause they 're programmed to one voice 🤙
bright dust is plentiful in this new y2 economy and we have collections so there 's really no reason to have so many safeguards against deleting shaders .
if enhancement cores weapon parts and other much more important items delete by the stack i 'm pretty sure shaders do n't need to delete one-by-one .
get rid of the dumb recycling thing on rahool why him btw and just let us wipe out entire stacks directly from our inventory in one button hold .
do that and add an apply all feature and shader complaints would completely go away .
clippers were ready to lay an egg you could see it mentally .
when our starters came back in they gave them all those driving lanes
i might be bias because i 've seen his murals in person at the detroit institute of art but diego rivera is one of the best artists on the 20th century .
i have n't used the sector ai yet as i prefer to develop planets to my own specifications .
plus as a hive mind i can set it up fully and then disable growth with no penalty so i do n't even need to keep an eye on it for overpopulation .
they should look at the top exchanges and mimic some of those features .
right now the cards '' that they are using is ugly and looks old .
lem me guess three books of karsa saying witness '' as he does exactly what he accuses civilization of doing .
hopefully erikson has something better than that in store .
if you look at the firing of rockets from gaza in 2014 and past 2014 they now follow a pattern .
due to iran not giving the terrorist groups any way of being able to treat the rockets as missiles then they must fire rockets in exact directions .
thus from the gaza strip they fire north by northwest as seen most rockets have flown into the sea .
the gaza strip also fires east-ish thus most of the time most of the rockets end up in some field .
now if it 's true that hezbollah is placing rocket launchers near beirut then they will firing south by southwest .
as hezbollah has much better rockets than gazans then hitting ta will not be a issue .
if the information is false that hezbollah has not changed locations then the furtherest south they will fire is most likely nablus and the furthest south by southwest will be most likely go is netanya .
due to the winds coming off from the sea flowing east nearly all the time and as rockets run out of propulsion if the fire trying to hit ta and a strong enough wind current catches it changing the direction towards ramallah then it 'll land somewhere near jerusalem .
wow and there 's me ... sitting here like a fat piece of shit .
i really wish i had known about these subreddits when i went through miscarriages .
thank you for sharing i think it 's really important for couples to have a support system through miscarriage it 's sadly taboo to even tell people about and the isolation just made it worse for me .
i would pronounce the beginning like dash and essentially say dashin' with a d added on .
wildly embarrassing when i found out how it 's actually pronounced .
i 'm jimmy newkong here to tell you it 's ok to be gay ''
just do war one after another you 'll reach up the higher arena more quickly .
currently we are on arena 3 in just 1 month and 2 days .
talk to your local toy shop who has connection to prc .
they can source for you but expect sky high prices .
that is before your local store gets his cut and also shipping not factored in .
that is upcoming ... we have a few in place already at local restaurants and bars but there are other much bigger deals we are working on .
trust me it 's going to be very worth it .
so many people denying that bots are in their games because they play alot ... its bullshit .
and part of the reason so many people stopped playing this game .
no one takes this game seriously because of the bots .
32bit dx9 ... people legitimately think this game is better than pubg or fortnite in every way as well ... it 's crazy .
i already know i 'll be downvoted but i 've been with this game and have praised it since the beginning of the thai beta .
it 's a great game but stop denying that there 's bots .
just because you dont encounter them does n't mean they are n't there .
trust me they are in every match regardless of rank or tier .
yep agree planar ally on command is pretty silly .
but i 'm not sure how that makes a difference if you 're a sorcerer with divine soul vs a classic cleric .
dog looks like he 's gon na turn around and fart directly in your face for this lol
the taxes pays for the doctors nurses and infrastructure and is available to all .
the us does not have this system and overall has the highest cost of health care in the world .
i 'm getting it with only 20 and i probably could have got it for cheaper if i waited longer .
i had 5k saved up since the last hell event .
can i look up a guide online for what my villagers like or is it changed every toy day ?
any and i mean any republican senator with an ounce of decency and a hint of backbone could end this right now .
if any of them notably flake sasse or corker gave a damn about the us rather than just wanting to shoot their mouths off this would be be done already .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
remember that considering how he used you you will always be above him though .
have you considered that these people have stopped playing the game and are instead complaining about it in order to hold bethesda accountable for creating an unacceptable and offensive product ?
this is n't about making fallout 76 the best game or can be .
it 's about holding these people accountable for their anti consumer practices which in several cases have been outright illegal .
i think they 're trying to say is that nobody likes the game completely with little to no complaint .
there will always be complaints here and there but overall expansions are usually very enjoyable .
any intelligent individual can see that this expansion was rushed .
their attempts at trying to keep subs through free mounts by buying a 6 month sub reeks of desperation .
new features touted before the release of the expansion are lack luster and play like an amateur company developed it .
not to mention races that were said to be included still have n't been released with no definite time they will be released perhaps 8.2 i do n't know .
if you think it 's in a great state ignore the complaints and watch the q a 's .
they are sweating and they know they made mistakes .
mistakes that should have been addressed when they were being notified about them in beta .
this is why people are upset there is this mentality that they think they know better and quite clearly they do n't .
here is the code you can paste in an editor/the playground to inspect the types
type noinfer t t k in keyof t t k
const a widens prop 'this will turn into a string '
const b doesnotwiden prop 'this will stay a string literal '
yeah i 'd like a nice planer but it 's a big commitment for me right now .
ah that 's great to hear about the electric hand planer .
i assumed that most people just considered those as junk and so i did n't even consider them .
for only 40 i might just get one of those then .
there are some very cute artsy ones but looks ca n't support outdated gameplay and being indie is about innovation and exploring new ways of play rather than cloning nostalgic-like games .
i 'm tired that those games are mostly valued and praised for their looks and nostalgia factor but there are a lot more intersting and innovative indies to put the focus on .
from daisuki na mama this motherfucker lives up to his name ''
hey people on this sub are saying we will never succeed if we do n't give harper 300 million .
when i had a complete mental breakdown and she did n't love me an ounce less .
and when she had a mental breakdown and i did n't love her any less .
in fact no lotr movie has been shown in regular cinemas within 2,000 km where i live since 2004 .
betrayal will go core so in the future this mod will be avaiable from the mastermind unless ggg say no we dont like this mod anymore
plot twist we find out kid cut off his own arm when he faced shanks so they would be on even footing .
yeah it is no matter what people say on here cheating will be a issue due to the fact players buy items from third party websites .
i live in a country where pes is n't available so i use a vpn .
on the first few days since the update i could play it without the vpn but since yesterday i ca n't do that anymore i have to keep the vpn open all the time and when i go to online matches it gives me that message
platinum gives you a month of benefits gold gives you a week plus coins to gild others
i like zampa better when he 's wearing his hair band
did you also have a go with the arizer at the back ?
what commercial drone is 30k feet in the air .
i didnt watch all the night shift nurses episodes tho.. i really didnt
would love those on and off my chest and on and off and on ...
as far as we know toshinori is the only perfect vessel in recent times so him not only being able to go to 100 with no consequences but also not experiencing any of these side effects and loss of control definitely seems logical .
196 quartz and i got him on the last roll .
kinda cruel to give someone an impossible or painful task .
not at all man and it 's a serious offer ...
i have been to an addiction counselor and a couple aa meetings .
did n't do much although i 've been a lot better these days .
i 've had plenty of second-hand scares reality-checks or help '' .
did n't do shit long-term even as a not insane drinker i still fall into the when i 'm ready '' pile it seems .
the fact someone has a worse story or wants to dig into my triggers '' from some uninformed viewpoint did n't do all that much .
whether i 'm just not willing or that i 'm rationalizing them away i could never tell .
to be clear i 'm not talking about alcohol usage here but probably more my questionable/potentially self restricting/destructive behavior in general .
i believe my misuse was situational trying to pay rent i ca n't afford bills i ca n't pay a job that i do n't want struggling with anxiety and other personal issues .
alcohol was my savior while simultaneously pushing me further down .
guess i 'm a bit touchy on the subject .
you have no idea how much i can relate to a ton of that .
ask anyone who 's close to me if i self-medicate with booze and they 'll laugh in your face .
and the ebb-and-flow severity of it is absolutely situational .
i 've got repeatedly diagnosed but currently un-medicated gad and adhd .
took 3x .5-1mg klonopin daily for a while and it was just too much .
if i 'm honest i felt great all the time but that seemed suspicious haha .
and it was that shit 's dangerous daily long-term sustained benzo usage is fucked up .
i 'm in an employment situation now where pot is n't a problem so that 's good but it seems the bottle 's such a habit that i still lean that way ...
i 've started to kinda get bummed out that i now have that better choice available but i still pour one and more .
though to be honest i have n't really applied myself to make the switch yet .
i 'll still have 2 then take a couple hits instead of going right to the herb guess that alcohol-induced numbness is comfortable now .
i can say that hitting the herb after a few makes me go right to water and not want another drink so that 's hopeful .
and yeah my mother was plowing through a handle of captain 's every 1.5 days for years when i was a kid ... it was not a pleasant scene .
i 'm not there but to a non or normal '' drinker i ai n't that far behind .
i 've been playing pc recently because switch is unplayable and i 've never heard it go wrong
if your post is not flaired it will not be reviewed .
your post will be removed permanently if flair is not added within one hour .
you can flair this post by replying to this message with your flair choice .
it must be an exact match to one of the following flair categories and contain no other text
your post is not yet visible on the forum and is awaiting review from the moderator team .
have you searched for your question on askscience https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/search ? q=if 20you 20were 20to 20theoretically 20travel 20at 20light 20speed 20and 20look 20behind 20you 2c 20would 20you 20not 20be 20able 20to 20see 20anything 20because 20you 20are 20moving 20just 20as 20fast 20as 20light 20is 20moving 20towards 20you 3f sort=relevance restrict_sr=on t=all or on google https www.google.com/search ? q=if 20you 20were 20to 20theoretically 20travel 20at 20light 20speed 20and 20look 20behind 20you 2c 20would 20you 20not 20be 20able 20to 20see 20anything 20because 20you 20are 20moving 20just 20as 20fast 20as 20light 20is 20moving 20towards 20you 3f ?
common questions or questions covered in the faq https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/faq will be rejected .
are you asking for medical advice http redd.it/s4chc or does your post contain personal medical information ?
these questions even innocuous ones should be between you and your doctor .
questions involving unphysical what ifs or imaginary situations requiring guesses and speculation are best for r/asksciencediscussion .
there are more restrictions on what kind of questions are suitable for r/askscience the above are just some of the most common .
posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/quickstart/askingquestions on asking questions as well as our user help page https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/index wiki_askscience_user_help_page .
please wait several hours before messaging us if there is an issue moderator mail concerning recent submissions will be ignored .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskscience amp message=my 20post 20http redd.it/a87xbh if you have any questions or concerns .
their trinary hash function will take years before it 's accepted as secure by cryptographers ... no one transferring big amounts of money will use it .
uses clever marketing to make ignorant people dream about machines making business with other machines etc .
i strongly doubt it will end up with anything concrete .
i do n't think you can voluntarily turn into cieth only after 13 days
who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men ?
it 's time if sledge can have it with all of his killing power then there is no reason to keep it from mute .
it 's b a l a n c e d now so it should n't be an issue to let him have it .
well what you 're saying is horrifically racist and what they 're saying is n't .
looks less like wall running and more like wall jumping
mmm i 'd love to bend you over and fuck both holes 😉😉💦💦
who cares what the racist fuck has to say on anything ?
it 's like people who only have raw sex for bragging rights but do n't want to use any form of contraceptives so they pull out when they get close
eh it 's not super dumb it 's just copper wrapped about a pole basically .
the best part is that this guy got wooshed lmao .
lol the situations i 've put myself in geeked out on a 38 hour binge ... ugh .
linux would only be able to use the first part for regular process memory .
although anything over a 970 should be overkill for this ancient game
fuck i do n't know if i can work him in .
i 've only got space for a controversial '' poster and an edgy and weird poster .
i desperately need to know this as well please and thank you op
it will be nothing like life on earth it will be paradise .
i have done some fucked up things but i have been redeemed and changed my life .
honestly now that i think about it i highly doubt many people back then will be in heaven .
i love how you avoided the khabib part of my comment but put so much effort into trying to catch me defending mcgregor .
let me spell it out for you conor did a dangerous piece of shit move by throwing that dolly .
i do n't like his personality just his fighting style .
to be fair the op did say that he thought iron utilities were unviable giving me a reason to only discuss diamond utility stats .
the enchanteleurs is a pretty powerful wine in a powerful vintage .
crazy i 've had them forever kind of hard to describe but sort of a faint dark red background likely seeing eyelid and while bright in contrast a dull greenish red color of movement and shapes ?
extremely normal to me but hard to put in words
it just appears sitting on a rock outcrop for a few seconds before running off .
i 'd heard it several times before i ever actually saw it sitting up there because it 's only there for a few seconds triggered by the party passing by it at that specific point in the mission .
i just happened to shoot it once before it ran away and when i climbed up there the corpse was that dark gray/brown legendary wolf .
skinning it however just resulted in the typical big game meat wolf heart and wolf pelt .
if they get new mobile players rentention will be low .
not just for show either it fires tag rounds and most 20mm airsoft grenades also has a 9mm blank firing system for those sites that allow it .
trump said the us should end military involvement in syria .
he criticized the iraq war and the libya war both wars that clinton supported .
everytime i eat i feel so bloated to the point i ca n't walk or sit up i have to lie down on the sofa and let the gas travel through me .
this can go on for a while i ca n't eat at restaurants because the tummy pain/bloating is so bad .
i also have a hiatal hernia which i personally think makes it 10x worse i get so bloated and the pressure i get in my chest is unbearable .
after i eat i get the gurgles everytime now this has got worse in the past year .
i too am wondering if certain foods are making it worse i know if i eat anything highly processed my stomach does n't like it .
i crave healthy food a lot but sometimes this just is n't possible .
i think i need to work on portion sizes too as i love my food so i tend to eat more than i should .
i would like to see this video to understand what your tummy looks like just to compare !
the price of crypto miners and gpu 's have been going up and down the last few years .
it sounds like he was trying to recover some losses .
who knows the republican party keeps getting more creative with their fraud .
i used to not care but everyone and their dog is using it now and it 's become insufferable .
it 's just constant kool-aid man everywhere plus it functions as a shotgun ar and sniper in the right hands .
it 's even more effective than a sniper in the right hands because it 's hitscan .
sure it ca n't instagib from 300m but what are the odds that you 're going to land that with a sniper anyway ?
what do you even mean you do n't see an argument in it being op at breaking builds ?
that 's it 's primary usage and it 's one that everything else needs to be nerfed for according to this reddit because it lowers the skill ceiling '' .
one shot can drop someone on top of you who has already swapped to your pump so you instantly kill them because they ca n't even see anything with their camera jammed into a wall with an exploding floor blocking their los .
poor rural white people have the worst rates of addiction right now anyways so that 's not only offensive it 's just inaccurate
i learned recently that yoda actually has a last name it 's layheehoo
i ca n't tell if this is sarcastic or not but thanks i guess ?
your mom is trying to emotionally manipulate you through your sister .
my problem revolves more around anxiety/panic attacks and a general sense of dysphoria and after having been on ssri 's for three years and quitting because i concluded they were n't for me which i 'm glad i did i now am prescribed klonopin and so far that 's worked pretty well for my anxiety and l-tyrosine cured my depression when used moderately .
i ca n't say the same will go for you everybody 's different .
i like robert mondavi bourbon barrel aged with a cigar !
my absolute number 1 fav show of all time .
so it met the chocolate and cracker on the other side .
i think it gets overlooked but i really like midnight cruiser
came here to say nope like everyone else but many others have already said that .
just so you know the chinese food in the states is way different than the chinese food in china or taiwan .
there are some things that are similar but most things are different .
please pm me if you know of any other more liberal welcoming resources .
i have an absolute favourite which is dark grey with a lighter grey rim .
currently however i am wearing a thicker green woolen one because it 's bloody cold here .
this is the beanie i take camping because it has an automatic constitution bonus of about 3 .
i will post a picture of my select few favourites tomorrow .
i 'd do it now but my wife would probably wake up and quite rightly conclude that i spend far too much time on the internet .
edit for special occasions i have my penguin bobble hat and my r2-d2 one .
these tend to come with me when i go skiing .
edit 2 i also have one with cat ears because my wife 's name is catherine .
i 'll see if i can find it too .
dude i had a efficiency v unbreaking iii fortune iii pickaxe but i wanted mending on it and sadly it says too expensive
try to unequip your armor store it in your stash and then enter your power armor naked '' .
it helped me and i pretty much only wear a hazmat suit when not in power armor .
i think the issue is that a character is technically unequipping all the pieces of armor when entering power armor and equipping them all at once when exiting .
i also had that weird clipping error a few times .
but storing all my regular armor in the stash eliminated the issue for me not wearing it anyways so no use carrying it around everywhere when you 're in power armor
because the real reason i watch basketball is to listen to people talk about basketball .
it 's getting harder and harder to describe the quality of the emperor 's clothes .
although the personal letterhead clearly says she is mayor .
unless the steel has been powdered and fluffed or they are weighed after being heated in a vacuum the feathers will have adsorbed a minute but measurable amount of air .
have n't tried the application yet is it an official release ?
such a pain in the ass to get again .
well you miss 100 of the shots you do n't take .
we start planting in the box and going onto the pit in the second practice first practice is in a sand pit and focuses on how to hold and run with a pole and which side of the pole your body goes on when you vault .
the newcomers are holding the pole just slightly above how high they can reach and just elevating a little to feel the pole making them go higher .
he just got trump to take all the blame for the government shutdown that is supposed to start next week !
that was also unplanned as trump was the one to insist on bringing in the media for a photo opportunity so trump had the advantage of prior knowledge of the press being there and yet schumer was still able to easily back him into a corner to where he forced trump to take the full responsibility if the government is shut down .
you wanted an example so does that mean you pay so little attention to what 's going on that you missed one of the top 3 stories last week or did fox news just conveniently forget to report on another major story where trump is proven to be an incompetent idiot .
that 's not what 's been happening at all .
you see '' leftist hypocritism '' which is delusional .
what is really going on is trump yesterday reaffirmed his allegiance to the russians by sabotaging the west 's effort to eliminate is .
oh so the auxiliary power supply is not electronically '' defined ... thank you ill try social sciences now ...
also the 9900k get hotter than the i7 9700k so when you do overclock it means the i7 may outperform the i9
the only time i ever drink dos equis is when i 'm hanging out with a specific friend .
in my opinion it 's definitely the best mexican beer
this was obviously sarcasm but peel help you against the horde of robots .
i 've done this and had the same issue .
lol to see if you disk space is still shrinking .
plex will still try to get metadata which is massive depending on your library .
for example my plex appdata is over 50gb while my library is over 80tb .
when everyone was worrying about sakura i was worried about tae worrying about sakura !
also please extend the duration of the 2016 compendium i need dat immortal void 's mace .
right brb expropriating the company you built for 20 years because come on there are poor people who deserve it more than you !
are you formally trained with a cs degree or self taught
i 'm still not over it 😢 i have a lot of pets which do cheer me up but still not quite the same .
why did tumblr ban porn even if 1/3 of its users use it for porn ?
what my cat does is she acts like she hates you but she secretely likes you
sorry about the watermark the app was free and required payment to remove it !
i 've heard there 's apps you can download to get a fake phone number
my son is 4 months but if he grows up and says he does n't like cheese i am getting dna testing because we may have a switched at birth situation here .
if you were lee sin or pantheon then it 's a pretty valid complaint .
especially if they meant you were taking most of the kills in spots you could have given them to your team .
i think it 's wild there 's so much support and pages and people talking about hiv but not the more common herpes simplex 2 and the even more common simplex 1 .
has taken off and thrived '' is not the same as is currently thriving . ''
can you name one major blizzard ip that has not done well at one point or another over the last ten years ?
the gods see fit to show favor to the pens
we wo n't though because we are obsessed with netflix ... you are commenting about how being content with entertainment is causing us to not make change and yet you do the exact same .
i 'm not commenting on your point just that it 's a bit hypocritical to judge society for doing exactly what you are doing
when i was a kid blowing up the moon was just a beautiful dream .
not an expert but would n't the emp be more likely to fry circuits than radiation ?
submissions to r/comedycemetery that are similar to this one https reddit.com/r/comedycemetery/comments/a84wux with confidence scores
12/20/18 madlad ending up with a concussion https reddit.com/r/comedycemetery/comments/a805k8/madlad_ending_up_with_a_concussion score 6/8
12/12/18 the husband had it coming https reddit.com/r/comedycemetery/comments/a5g8ls/the_husband_had_it_coming score 4/8
12/12/18 i 'll never regret the day i set up my poppy 's facebook account .
about dupebro https www.reddit.com/r/dupebro/comments/973sue/what_is_dupebro_how_does_he_work_and_how_can_i click here to do a reverse search http dupebot.com/search ? url=https reddit.com/r/comedycemetery/comments/a84wux
i figure bribing an art school admissions official is a small action ''
so they do n't play music during the half time show commercial showing the band that is playing ... .
i 've had cake twice today also birthday and office christmas .
it 's basically all i 've eaten today because my portions were definitely not as small as yours .
why would people turn their nose up at that ?
he only started saying saying that after i tried to lasso him ... so it 's impossible to tell
ceravee hydrating facial cleanser for your showers and then their moisturizer for whenever .
perfect because it 's non scented and non uhh chemically or whatever .
just try the cleanser it 's amazing and has helped clear up my acne
profar seems to be figuring it out as a utility type guy though .
three-win player last season and i 'd imagine he takes over at 3rd potentially with beltre gone .
good mom my calls are n't worth shit but luckily i can no longer afford a rope and chair .
i think the reason why they all go to europe is because teams pay attention to offensive players the most
you 're smoking something strong and i want some too if it has you thinking ainge would deal tatum and irving .
oooooowwwweeeeeee please pass the weeeeedddddd ! ! ! ! !
they 're like the abusive spouse being nice to you after they beat the crap out of you and before they lose their temper and do it again .
i understand how people felt seeing the prequels in theaters the first two were shit and the third will probably be no different but you need to watch it to get it over with .
because lying is wrong one would hope the chief of police would have a little integrity .
then again experience tells us what behavior to expect from cops violent thuggish unaccountable
hopefully that shit never make its way into the game unless its the weekend events .
could ifo initial fork offerings be a good experimental method for the transformation of bitcoin ?
what if people could use it in a right way ?
this woman was like a sister and mother to me at the same time .
i 'll be sad to see her go but i wish her the best .
i 've tried seems interesting but i could n't get into it .
i think ill give it the second chance someday later .
i just want to let this cutie pie ! ! !
i believe there 's a little bit more on the spacebattles thread along with some ideas for the third part universes .
why does it have to be a race thing tho .
plenty of artists of all races make covers of music from all kinds of genres
it 's so much better than it 's price .
did the vaccines also have magnets in it or were the magnets in the car ?
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history within the subreddit .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarise yourself with our sidebar rules and participate in the weekly community growth threads where you can gain valuable feedback and potential subscribers .
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/smallytchannel and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
you may drop your link in the community growth threads .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallytchannel if you have any questions or concerns .
just do my job and keep moving forward as if nothing happened ?
on another note i 'm facebook friends with the guy i hooked up with .
no one in the south will accept two northerners on the throne .
if jon was going to marry any body in the north it would be one of the manderly daughters because they are the richest house in the north .
jon already is a stark and has the support of all the starks him marrying one is not only dumb but would not be supported by anyone in the north .
dany is the only one who can legitimize jon as a targaryen regardless of what bran says or a piece of paper says because no one outside if the north will believe it unless dany who everyone knows is a targaryen confirms this otherwise everyone in the south will write it off as the starks/north trying to gain power .
why do you think varys and illyrio wanted faegon to marry dany in the books ?
im not disagreeing just that i can see why people are upset .
happy to see banana fish so high in the list .
it does n't get nearly as much attention on this sub
pretty much all of the outrage which is not equivalent to criticism yes .
and i 'd say that was an accurate assessment .
i 'm not concerned about them but people who go there from all .
my boyfriend originally disliked furries because of the rumors he saw online .
i just want to provide one example of a rational furry who is friendly even to those who hate him .
that means i do n't shriek at them irately .
itd all a moot point anyways because i was banned so shrugs
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
they 'd be more susceptible to the anxiety of approaching death but not completely unreasonable as long as that 's how you 'd handle it .
it would act as you do for the most part .
against anyone except zaraki he would have probably won .
even zaraki was so critically injured after the fight that candice put him down with a few lightning strikes .
yeah the royal guard are surely in the top 20 but like you said we saw them stomping and then getting stomped immediately after so it 's hard to really gauge their power accurately except for weaker than the resurrected schutzstaffel ''
no the nhs only covers procedures which are covered by your place of residence which gets the bill .
the key to progressing in warframe is to grind also ... .
there is a lot of math involved when it comes to making amazing builds .
for 1 status mods are anything that does an effect from cold to slash there all called stasis .
2 the starting percent will determine the multiplication percentage of the mod .
so if you have a weapon that has 10 stasis and 25 critical and 2.0 crit .
for this type of build you build for critical strikes not procs stasis .
put mods that enhance the slash dmg and because if you put buzzkill a mod that gives you 150 slash dmg increase on 200 slash dmg you get 500 dmg
but if you put a puncture mod on that gives 120 puncture from 50 you get 110 .
both good increases ones just better then the other .
from here you want to make sure you have what you want on the weapon as well if you like fast speed build fury .
but you say your having issues dealing with mobs higher then 60 .
by default every time your multiplyer goes up this increases the damage output .
so you doing 500 right .5x combo 1000 1.0 2000 1.5 3500 2.0 5000 2.5 7500 that 's cool if you get there most of the time combos fall off and you only get to 1.5 to 2.0 most and mobs at 60 die with that dmg with this build .
increase rate now your doing 1900 at .5 and a max of 20k-30k at 3.0 that 's a rough estimate
hey there u/cyber-hunter784 do n't forget to flair your posts !
if i did something wrong let me know message/compose ? to=j_c subject=alert+flair+your+post+bot
liberal talking heads on msm do not equal all liberals .
i work in the f/b industry i call on liquor stores .
i track some stuff this year i 've made 1003 sales calls and i 've bought every bottle of blanton 's i 've seen .
now also that 's not bottles on the shelves ...
i had to ask some favors be there when the delivery arrived etc ... blanton 's has gone plaid the demand has outpaced supply .
good luck i hope you guys can find one .
my friend legit like insta over reddit because subreddits are too confusing ''
oh thought she actually got a buff on her directly .
she still cant perform as well as 6*lorina though .
that said he should 've just picked a different gift .
considering the names are already a point of friction .
he probably picked that on purpose just to be a jerk .
people will continue to say how trash they think this album is .
if you take it for what it is it 's really enjoyable in my opinion .
spacey beats and catchy melodies all over the place .
however we can all agree best man is a song that should have never been made
faith only aided us when we climbed from the trees it serves no purpose today .
well hope you did n't get offended but if you 're wearing that shirt you 're asking for it
that expression looks like like he 's contemplating his life decisions after being involuntarily volunteered for performing at a fahrar birthday party .
did n't know our football team nickname was blue tigers .
and i actually address that too but the fact is there are a good amount of desperate teams that would agree to overpay .
that is flat out fucking stupid and has nothing to do with overstayed visas .
yes they are asylum seekers the trump admin closed the legal ports of entry so now even legal asylum seekers have to break the law which is a misdeameanor btw and cross the border on their own in order to legally seek asylum .
a wall wo n't do shit for a broken understaffed system .
trump could take that money and revamp the border security and hire more staff and be a fucking hero to the right if he really gave a shit about border security .
a pointless expensive wall is just stroking his weak little baby ego .
und nur von 30 auf 40 in dem beispiel ist immerhin eine steigerung von 33
as long as they are up to date with the ban list i would say kozmo or dino true king is probably your best bet ...
but ultimately locals is fr your own enjoyment so play what deck you the best
you know when i realised he is a very limited actor ? don..
he used to growl and make awkward faces to make himself look devious .
i was trying to figure out how to play with a block .
i thought nintendo came farther than a hunk of rectangular plastic .
no capital gains tax in singapore and in germany if you hodl for at least one year .
his full name is bustopher jones he goes by buster but more often than not now i call him the fat boy .
i 've been struggling with avrdude and my pololu programmer to get the binary loaded .
if you use avrdude get the latest version v6.3 and the latest pdf document that goes with it .
youtube howtos vendor tutorials and so on are not helpful .
sold starfarer gemini to c2 hercules upgrade to u/sapper202 https www.reddit.com/user/sapper202
clearly the pig farming went better than the glory hole ... .
why does he even need to get married i mean he scored just the other day .
please review the landlord tenant questions https www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/landlord section of the r/legaladvice wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues .
if this does not apply to your question please disregard .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legaladvice if you have any questions or concerns .
10 body fat on a woman is absolutely insane that 's down to literally only the essential fats left .
do you not have any negative impacts on your health when at that extreme low level of fat ?
i 'm surprised because i 've read studies before which suggested that 12 body fat was the critical '' value for elite female athletes before start to get hit with significant health problems .
i have reached the stage wherein i want my x220 the way it is .
i decided not to upgrade the screen to ips .
i will leave it as is to complement the retro keyboard making it a vintage retro style laptop but with modest specs that can easily beat entry level computers of today !
this is my daily driver and i like it !
i 'm not the poster and it still does not qualify as a meme or image macro .
she looks heavy enough that she would n't start showing if ever until the very end of her pregnancy .
i 'm a freshman and a lot of the people i 'm friends with now were people i met through the sfsu '22 instagram before school started and other social media platforms .
the first month or so everyone to me seemed very friendly and open so that 's how i made friends .
i do n't know about previous classes but there 's a bunch of dumb meme accounts made by the frosh people and it makes me feel like the frosh housing community is somewhat tight knit if you put yourself out there .
i think i use melatonin so much i might have developed an immunity help guys
is this really that hard for people to understand ?
your spelling hints are really shitty because they 're all essentially remember the fucking spelling of the fucking word '' .
fortunately none of mine did even though they 're baby boomers .
the in-laws did but they 're slowly coming round to preferring remain anyway so it 's not too much of an issue .
well racism does exist and the gulf arabs are kinda notorious for it .
but there 's also awful stereotypes and hate between other neighbouring countries too .
not a generalisation but i feel like arabs are more racist than europeans because racism and prejudice is n't as stigmatized
i noticed algerians and moroccans do n't like each other much .
the belief that lybians are retarded is too common in tunisia though i hear lybians are n't the best in their treatment of foreign workers too .
gulf arabs view the other arabs as second degree arabs but not as bad as asian workers in the hierarchy .
i see ... so when goku in the first chapter of dragonball destroyed wild animals a bike thingy and kicked a log of wood it was bullshit until dragonball z explained he 's actually an alien and his kind is a very powerful warrior race ?
and the smear campaign begins immediately lol its pathetic how as soon as someones name gets in the media people start going thru the last 20 years of their social media with a fine toothed comb .
let me guess someone found a picture of him from 1999 giving the ok hand gesture and now he 's a racist ?
i dont even need to click the link to know what kind of bs this is
even moreso because they are discounted at a higher rate than reds during dmt
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/league_of_legends_/comments/a88wzk/lol has been removed and you have been banned from r/league_of_legends for supporting a hate campaign
in accordance to srs this is not appropriate for this subreddit .
please note the moderators of r/league_of_legends are kind and generous .
they are willing to reverse the ban if you reply to this comment with the message sorry srs pbuf ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/league_of_legends if you have any questions or concerns .
nah if it was someone landing back in a residential area garden or whatever someone would hear it and spot it .
they 're so goddamn loud there 's no way you could land one with neighbours not noticing especially with it getting 24/7 coverage on the bbc and people being on the look out '' for it .
could likely be pulled up in a car with batteries and on some side road/field somewhere though .
facebook links are against reddit tos because of privacy and personal information concerns .
please go through our sidebar and the links within them .
i think no man 's sky is actually one of the better nominations to be honest .
devs have put a lot of work in over the past year and the game is almost unrecognizable and much better for it .
yep i feel your pain ... we 're definitely adding a gem confirmation window with one of our upcoming releases .
yeah this time next week it 's all over an done with
still ca n't get over the part for the nation we love and we made '' 1:16 so forking smooth man i love chris jackson 's voice so much !
... hey sayori i love you and all but i ca n't focus on what you 're saying when you sit like that .
ah ok thank you zasdwerty for taking ur time with replying back to me i really aprresh it
anal sex does not make you gay being gay is who you are attracted to .
if you are attracted to women with cocks that 's still being attracted to femininity not masculinity .
even more than that though you are enjoying a feeling not the person giving that feeling .
i thought my case prevents me from turning off the phone .
but then when i opened the case the problem still occurred .
panic i tried to click all the buttons and figured out volume up lock button is the way to turn off the phone 🙄
u/alexander_ofthenorth is not a verified user on r/massivecock be careful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
yea that 's something i considered just a few minutes after posting that comment .
start acting like you might snitch and they might start thinking about tying up loose ends .
last time i bought alcohol the cashier asked me how old i was i said 18 ... ...
how much a talent is being played right now should n't be the deciding factor in removing it or not it 's how much value this talent could potentially bring as a play style .
in this case i think they should have removed one of pip 's other talents and re-balanced his kit so that he 'll keep his previous capability and mischief becomes viable enough that people will pick it .
they 've made this mistake with so many other talents removing celerity instead of cherish reign of terror instead of fusillade demolition instead of royal subjects and so forth ...
it 's all about the picks most guys i know have completed it first or second try
https www.vive.com/eu/vive-deluxe-audio-strap https www.vive.com/eu/vive-deluxe-audio-strap wow did the price just went up ?
i swar it was just 99 few hours ago lol
we do n't know '' was the answer to how to cure polio ? '' .
we do n't know '' only stops progress if you let it .
settling on a non-answer and never ecapining it again is what stops progress .
in my country its extremely expensive so i dont know if its worth the pricetag .
i just made this oc have n't seen it before apologies if its a similar theme .
you can write cosh x as e\^x+e x 2 .
on the topic of kryla pulled one today and really like her so i 'm considering using the summer uoc on her .
o_p said the camera was 4k and could identify the farmer by zooming .
once the coyotes are done eating all the cats and dogs in lebo they 'll make their way into the city .
i forgot city residents are n't allowed to leave the city borders .
if your argument is they are n't used for hunting then you should also be ok with all center-fire rifles being illegal as they are not allowed to be used to hunt with inside of allegheny county .
i 'm sure you knew that already though since you 're such an expert on the subject .
is no one going to mention that the dad looks like a younger bam margera ?
i was so confused when it stopped getting comments and people said they could n't find the post anymore .
that 's kind of a shitty thing for them to do .
believe it or not i won that most wanted in thieves landing only by shooting from the hip .
it 's just so much more fun than insta headshotting people across the map with a repeater .
if u can get the first shots off with the dual wield semi autos up close it 's pretty much over i would recommend them .
off-topic discussion all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
please remember to be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's no reason to assume that having actual stats for the whole team other than only your own would increase toxicity .
first of all we have a system that while not showing someone elses stats gives you an indicator where you are compared to you teammates regarding a few stats but most importantly values them while hiding the full picture .
so we essentially have a stat system that hides the full picture because it is afraid of supporting toxicity but then it also shows you shiny little medals only asking for a neat discussion on vc .
the general rule would be that people who are toxic/unfriendly/whatever will find any reason to blame others .
but this current system again targeted to decrease/not increase toxicity does an exceptionally good job at doing the reverse .
shiny medals that only you can see are a great tool for anyone like that .
no one can even check if you 're speaking the truth or not .
we simply need stats even if it doesnt matter to alot of people but any competitive player aiming to improve benefits greatly from a good stat system .
you also want to have a better comp environment ?
it 's a tool that gives anyone remotely understanding the game a chance to adjust the their teammates simply play better .
oh also i 've got a question is blizzard an indie developer ?
i 've always thought that they 're a somewhat big company but looking at the stat system especially the profile one i ca n't imagine how anyone could do worse of a job .
overwatch is out for almost 3 years and we still have these ugly almost randomly ordered not connected/grouped stats ?
went on a bit of a ramble phone charge almost empty so ca n't put it in better order
tl dr current stat system garbage and supporting toxicity an actual stat system needed .
as a browns fan i completely am ok with this
... might be kinda awkward to get that for my family members though ...
you 're right convincing is the wrong word but i do think it 's interesting data that would inform us .
i only wish he could have played all of your minutes .
i feel like amy rose will end up changing her name due to sega potentially holding a copyright to that name .
a foaming douche oil has great surfactants just a little diffrent but with good cleaning abilities .
no child left behind policies and texting has ruined it yeah .
calling someone an idiot when they 're actually trying is beyond taboo so we allow some real dumbasses to just go uncorrected not just on their spelling and grammar but any other dumbass things they say .
give or take a couple centimeters depending on how excited i am .
ignoring promotional exclusives like blizzcons or heroes of the storm .
some are locked during event windows but you cant pay for them at all when theyre locked .
and they come back when the event comes back .
well in the us it seems to be in certain cultural groups .
in other countries/cultures its perfectly fine for a 5 year old to play at the playground alone with the other kids..
so why was the dad in such a hurry to hide all his shit ?
cuz his son 's crime is about to be exposed ?
why would he lose his money if his son 's convicted ?
and i assume he handed all his money to one of the lady 's cohorts meaning he just lost everything right
their not show up the new animation on the stream so is a premiun only for the one who where in the event thing the np preview or just a fake notice ?
reverse it and the furby is overpowering the hydraulic press
so happy to see this on the front page !
my daughter and i saw them for the first time in november .
he does n't like the rapping ... or the shouty/screamy parts ... but we 'll keep working on him .
i heard the store manager himself was the one who went back and changed their schedule but idk how true this is all rumors yknow .
still sucks for everyone involved who already had plans with their families and all .
yeah they have changed their rules and then retroactively punished him .
eh i 'm 16 and it 's fortunate not fournuate .
if you want to try him just go for it nothing worse than regretting that you missed out on him
not 100 positive but if you sort by length you 'll see a ton of textbooks .
only real thing of value in this gripe is lack
i 'd go viper joey janela meiko satomura p.a.c .
the ocs version of it is really really cheap and was generally regarded as trash by most people .
they did agree though for the price it was not a horrible high .
i bought 7g out of curiosity but have n't tried it .
thank god this solves one of my biggest problems with destiny 2 's sequel story .
they expect you to know things coming in but they treat you like an idiot if you do n't have save data from d1 .
no explanation of what light is or who these space rhinos are or anything and yet a mission later the ghost is saying those things looked like fallen which we 've never seen before
it 's a pattern with the last three women i 've met who are gemini .
we get along great then it 's quickly fades and i can feel they 're annoyed with me after that .
so it leaves me guessing am i too boring serious quiet ?
50 stat 240 lmao guess i should 've put in a little more work
u/eclipse_id your submission has been automatically removed from r/slavelabour because the title does not start with one of the required tags .
please use task or offer or meta in order to tag your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slavelabour if you have any questions or concerns .
the normal winter fest screen popped up for the current event
was level up even released when this was being filmed ?
raging it at 7hr straight phish show from midnight to 7am in the fuckin everglades .
i would love to see it play out that way but there will be too much pressure on trump to end it quickly .
it is fourteen days until the next session of congress and over the holidays !
well kanna mule can self farm while kishin mule is kishining others .
well the banning mechanism is really annoying and frightening .
this is so perfect but i hope op 's space lawyers are good .
they are a budget houston rockets team from last year .
brad is tremendous at game-planning for coaches that are stiff ideologues .
they dominated us on the boards because we 're missing our front court .
give us our centers back and we 're fine .
bucks turn it over a decent amount especially against good defensively teams like us .
they turned it over 20 times tonight compared to our 5 turnovers .
giannis ca n't shoot and is n't threatening in clutch situations .
not worried about the bucks if we 're healthy .
edit the more i think about it c 's in 5 .
i would n't mind selling my copy of lunar complete 1 and 2 in near mint shape no pieces missing
i am currently rocking 5-year-old v-moda crossfade m-100 's !
we got 50 target gift cards raffled off 2 tvs and had a taco cart outside
why did he have to send it at all ?
the director is in a quantum frame so it should know ?
the more i think about it the more i think him sending the email did n't matter he 'd already given the director everything it needed to start version 2 the moment he went back in time .
i 'm 19f he 's about to be 22m in jan .
i believe maybe your girlfriend should read into adhd and try to work with you to understand some of these issues and possibly how to react with them .
i 'd done this recently and being the non adhd partner i feel like our relationship has improved greatly through what i 've come to understand .
it feels like i know so much more about how to help him and how i can alleviate some of his stress through little more than just a different response or certain actions .
sure it 's not great to forget all the time and sometimes it can be a little frustrating .
i 'm not saying that it 's fine to always forget and make mistakes but at the same time we are all human .
even i can make many of the same mistakes you 've made and i think that 's where some understanding of your condition is needed .
that though it 's frustrating it 's not at all the end of the world and can be fixed relatively easily .
i had done that with my lover and we begun to understand how one another felt and we were from there able to build on and improve things so much for each other bearing in mind previously not even a year ago he was also feeling this way .
non of this is your fault but it 's also not your girlfriends .
i feel maybe you both need to acknowledge your actions and how they affect one another and try to come to an understanding of what could be changed even just slightly to prevent such situations .
it takes time and effort but with understanding things do become much easier and if they do n't then maybe it 's just not the right relationship .
i hope this helps slightly from the other perspective .
i also really hope that this is something you can both work on together and get through !
edit it 's 6:12 am so i 'm sorry this is n't the greatest response
i 'm just glad valentina is staying omggggg i almost fainted
i 'm pretty sure he meant not that it makes a ton of sense a lead acquired in the second half which would mean you did not hold '' a second half lead against the ravens .
you had a lead at halftime but the ravens tied it up and you did not have a lead again until overtime .
unfortunately he was mostly outclassed by j.k simmons in that movie he was still great though .
he 's 2nd all-time in passer rating behind rodgers .
in 8 seasons his teams have never finished worse than 9-7 and he 's never missed a game due to injury .
up until very recently some people in the media did n't even have him in their top 10 qbs .
when his offensive line sucked and he accounted for 80 of the seahawks offense the media said he 's a playground qb who ca n't excel within the confines of a system .
now that he has support from the running game and he 's not being asked to do everything they say he 's a system qb who ca n't succeed without the run .
meh not really they are more known for either their destructive behavior or for their great tech nobody likes them except their factions that have species and races that die like them .
how do i get initiated in if i have been a fan since the 2012 season ?
basically i was a colts fan but when i moved to cle i switched over great fanbase and first time going to games .
i figure if i was rooting for the browns during the weeden era i should earn my stripes .
everyone talks about mahomes left hand throw well i was in the stadium to see weeden complete a left hand throw but it was to a detroit lion .
point is that i have suffered not as much as most but some .
did you not see the end of the clip ?
in 2003 she allowed another different guy to do the same thing .
i 'll take it that the judge knows a lot more about the case than we do .
because the way you describe the process of getting unemployment seems odd to me .
the govt told you it was ok to file given the circumstances '' ?
being laid off is pretty much the main qualification for getting unemployment so that would n't be a special circumstance or anything .
also if you lost your job because they wanted to replace you with someone else that 's being fired not being laid off .
as far as a night job goes why a remote one ?
this time of year especially there are seasonal jobs at night stocking stores and such .
this is a direct result of rescues '' thinking every fucked up dangerous animal needs to be saved '' there 's plenty of okay ones out there but do society a favor and please destroy ones like this .
all this talk about trading ad is driving me nuts .
i swear i see/hear it mentioned at least 5 times a day now .
i 've watched the entirety of the last few games and it 's been infuriating .
i just wish the guys could get healthy and stay healthy
curves have nothing to do with being a real woman .
i 'll look him up as i like this style as op presented it .
you can find some through mit https ocw.mit.edu/courses/find-by-topic cat=engineering subcat=civilengineering https ocw.mit.edu/courses/find-by-topic cat=engineering subcat=civilengineering
really like this professor but a majority of it is above my head geotechnical engineering https www.youtube.com/channel/uc8reeiemhazzbvskb\_e7xzg https www.youtube.com/channel/uc8reeiemhazzbvskb_e7xzg
what the fuck is going on ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ?
if you 're anything like me you 're going to start to resent her .
do you dwell on it and get angry when you 're not together and then you see her and remember that you love her and the anger dissipates for a period ?
do you feel like you do n't have a voice and ca n't be understood when you tell her you 're not getting what you want ?
i also do n't mind driving to save money on hotels .
edit i forgot about the average rent to average income .
i 'm not entirely sure what the percentage is .
but when i was looking for an apartment there was a lot of options in the 450-600 month range .
most of my coworkers also make about 1.50 more per hour than i do and i make just over 16 per hour
there are not that many outback steakhouse 's in sf !
you just keep arguing the same points with different people in this thread i have no willingness to discuss anything with someone who so vehemently believes others are getting everything from tv .
we loved your submission the best lie ever but it has been removed because it does n't quite abide by our rules which are located in the sidebar .
please check http karmadecay.com https tineye.com or the google 's similar image '' search in the future before posting .
all of those miss things but it 's a great start .
also make sure to use the search button and check through this link
for more on our rules please check out our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar .
if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwholesomememes .
please link the post so our volunteers know what you would like reviewed .
i was the top scorer for the semifinals last week so that would have been nice to just end it there
a party with the philosophy that government does n't work will ensure it does n't .
to be fair i felt the leveling story for the zones was fantastic and tied into the raid beautifully for horde side .
its the overarching story that is actively ruining so many beloved characters that shows how out of touch they truly are .
not terribly surprising since he was n't around most of the evening .
also not the most reliable witness considering he admits to perjury
did you just say you 're not going to change transmission fluid after 220k miles ?
when you say the fluid looks clear '' what exactly does it look like ?
is there any grittiness to it if you rub it between your fingers ?
i do n't have a mattress i sleep in a hammock .
my 60lb meatball shares it with me pretty well .
sometimes she decides that lying directly on my neck is the good spot but she 'll usually lie lengthwise next to me with her butt in my armpit .
you 've never played creative destruction on your mother 's phone before and for that i pity you .
... . fucking hell skolsjsear solskjær has saved us again .
i want to be angry at someone today i do n't want this magna carta '' rubbish getting in the way of my emotions .
the state does n't mind a trial by media makes their conviction a lot easier .
i think it 's definitely racist to categorically say i do n't date women of color '' because you 're making it about race .
the same with the categorical statement i do n't date trans women '' .
both of those ignore the fact that there are variations in appearance personality and behavior and put people into boxes based on generalizations and stereotypes .
if you happen to like certain characteristics about people be they whatever and you tend to date certain types '' of people i do n't think that 's inherently bad .
i mean no one would judge you for tending to date tall women or liking women who are more independent or that go skiing or whatever .
it becomes prejudiced when you instead take your type '' and use a stereotype to say what group you 're into .
the same is also true of fetishes in my mind so it 's pretty racist if you categorically wo n't date women of color because none have quality y and also pretty racist if you categorically love dating girls from x country because those girls all have quality y .
both of those rely on racial or country-based stereotypes and are harmful .
but saying you like women who do n't have penises are independent and love to go skiing that 's totally fine in my view .
you are n't stereotyping anyone you 're just saying what you are looking for .
similarly i think it 's totally valid to say you are n't into penises and therefore do n't really wan na date trans women with penises .
i think it 's messed up though if you say that you wo n't date trans women as a whole though because you 're again generalizing .
you 're either saying all trans women have penises which is false or you 're saying you do n't like trans women because they have quality x which is feeding into a stereotype like i mentioned above and inherently relies on transphobic assumptions .
that 's his buddy realdealmada on instagram he was with jason throughout the whole tour really nyce guy
it will take all your effort to get through it but you can endure .
it will get better when you keep trying and do n't despair when it gets dark again .
it 's peaks and valleys and figuring out how to make them level out some .
the longest stretch of deep depression last about two years with maybe a month of non-bottomless suffering in between .
i just do n't like using up the last of my currency at any time really
barstool gold emergency pres conference is the current odds on favorite
i just took a look and it installed okay .
in the support thread it says it come with a built in script and i can use the older ones if i want .
i want to cry that 's the best goal we 've scored in an age !
i see that synthetic fertilizer is very important but i think i missed the bit about carrying capacity in there can you quote it for me ?
i named my first one darth beta and my new one clark he 's red and blue .
indeed changed not only my major but my university .
started out at a state school and then actually moved up to a big 10 university 9 years later here i am😅 .
dominance is 100 attitude it has nothing to do with what you do '' or do n't do '' .
so if your in school try asking her in a study group to get to know her better or maybe ask a friend to be a wing man may be a bit cornie but shpuld work .
i hope it 's not too forward but i reached out to a friend in financial aid to see what we can do .
i clicked on that hoping it 'd be senator clay davis and was not disappointed .
so in other words you have absolutely no response and will try to change the subject to something that i never talked about or even hinted at .
please point out where i recommended doing anything at all .
you asked why the hell we are paying them and i gave you an answer .
pretty cut and dry you 're welcome to discuss why you think it should continue to stay shut down if you want to stay on topic .
so a lmp car unbound by regulations beat the record but only held it for a few months .
the 2018 cars beat the 919 with regulations in q2 would have gone faster in q3 if they did n't get rained on arguably more impressive .
spa is also a very fast circuit and probably favours the 919 .
the current f1 cars are barely the fastest anyway .
i would put a solid bet on a f2004 with 2018 stick tires .
basically an f1 car unbound by regulations would destroy the 919 no contest .
there is nothing worse than people who complain about downvotes or brag about upvotes .
i even downvoted my own post as i made it because it does n't matter or effect anything
i thought they fixed that a couple updates ago mine has n't done it since .
with most real-world hierarchies falling in the gray area between
the acknowledgement of a gray area between these two types of hierarchies which i 've never seen jbp address or mention .
and the key distinguishing idea that you 've mentioned in my opinion is the voluntary ceding of power .
i would agree with the terminology you 've come up with to underline this .
however a society where things worked that way would be a society where communism would work too .
we 're gon na win the world cup i 'm calling it now
would it be possible for a team to get a gigantic budda guy that takes up the whole net ? ? ?
like a 600lb guy and with pads theres no holes ?
yeah and that is n't the same as being outclassed .
lol ca n't remember if we had a goal like that under mou
that 's on local laws then not the actual concept of food production .
i assume it 's not making 25k/year and commanded by his employer to have a fairly new car .
they pay him a stipend anyway which cuts into his monthly cost .
the players do n't seem under any pressure to perform .
i see the lax attitude of players mentioned here and that 's got ta be down to sarri in part .
what teachers did you have when they literally did n't know their students ? ?
ah but the bishops were originally ships that 's why they move diagonally tackling against the wind and ships have women 's names .
so instead of getting mad at lebron what are you doing against the child slavery in asia ?
i agree it 's the saddest thing i 've ever heard taking down names and such
cats are a pretty cheap pet and usually pretty low maintenance too .
most shelters give away older cats for virtually nothing and they 'll usually come fully vaccinated and de-sexed .
cat food and kitty litter tends to be cheaper than dog food and accessories .
that being said they 're still a commitment and require attention .
i love cats as pets though because they do n't require to be walked bathed or trained !
bowling is a valid suggestion so i 'm also going to add roller-skating and an escape room because people of any age can enjoy those activities and they 're very casual !
i 'd like to report a murder by words .
just wondering why you did n't interrogate any of those downed opponents ?
it will become a unique ability to get drunk for the few people who did n't get the illness .
for the others yes they would get alcohol poisoning before they could feel any effect .
lot of people would switch to some kind of other drugs others who do n't want to would still try to drink the old stuff for a while .
before the virus having a high tolerance to alcohol was considered cool now it is the opposite .
anybody who can still get drunk is the center of attention in a party .
big alcohol businesses clubs bars and stores also need to reinvent their business model .
countries would legalize some drugs other conservative ones would n't which would lead to mass protests .
people would invest a lot in science funding to solve the problem .
drinking and producing alcoholic drinks is deeply embedded in our culture from the very beginning of mankind now suddenly it seems that all of that is gone .
it would cause some kind of global turmoil and changes in the local lifestyle of the people .
however putting it squarely on big market vs. small market is equally wrong .
maybe they are fortunate that their superstar loves privacy and in consequence persuaded george to stay there as well .
i see it as incompetence combined with small market .
clearly she regrets having sex with the ex over you .
which is why she told you and then said i would of rather been with you .
that 's a compliment not an insult on your masculinity .
like you said you 're not exclusive so you should n't really be concerned about this .
if you do n't want her hooking up with other guys then lock that shit down .
otherwise do n't complain when she has sex with other people .
yeah i 'd hate to be accused of such lies .
i mean if that were true you 'd be a giant idiot .
no one could possibly be dumb enough to want to arm teachers and certainly no one is dumb enough to support trump in any future election .
sometimes you see a dong challenge the dominant dong and boy i tell you it 's a sight to behold .
i do n't care about the g but i have a hard time taking people seriously when they talk about going to college but fail at basic punctuation .
i know this is a bit more over your original build but it 's definitely a improvement got a ryzen 3 2200g b450 mobo 16gb ddr4 a better rx580 and a bronze 80 psu it 's recommended at least a 80 psu
pcpartpicker part list https au.pcpartpicker.com/list/tmg9qz price breakdown by merchant https au.pcpartpicker.com/list/tmg9qz/by_merchant
krista tretí krát to tu vidím ani to nie je tvoje tak načo to sem dávaš ?
? gon na be a long road for you lol
is the r9 series still receiving new driver updates ?
this issue was fixed for my rx 580 8gb several months ago .
there 's a machine that ty just send the photos to through their app and you get your photos right away .
starting is the hardest you wo n't miss the extra if you never get used to having it .
i disagree because witchy '' is actually one of my seven capsule wardrobes .
it 's called indirect tax because whatever you get from business tax eventually goes to consumers .
the real personal tax rate in china is 35 which is on par with the norm .
there has been discussions about this approach as indirect tax designed to be income-discriminating might be less so than direct tax
you 're not inspiring a lot of confidence that you know what the title is referring to ...
we have the same blue merle mini aussie looks identical named cooper as in mini cooper .
but aussies are very very smart need activity and can be very anxious .
the ultimate fucking example of a man on multiple occasions putting country before self .
grew up split between nj and south america and i 100 agree with you .
now if maryland can find a way to somehow stop burning their cars down on the shoulder ...
did not see it in the patch notes are 3rd person gas masks visible on spectated player yet ?
i vacuumed all my carpet and pledged my furniture .
time to look through you history till i find somewhere we share a common goal .
i started listening to x in october of 2016 i had actually found out about him from denzel curry after seeing him in that infamous xxl cypher 😂 i would say i definitely prefer his music back then but that 's not to say i hate his music now .
and skins even with all of the controversy surrounding it i know it sounds like dickriding but i literally ca n't name one x song i dislike .
there are some i did n't like to begin with like and sauce !
but they tend to grow on me then i have them on replay .
man all these promos are just from the fortnite guys
the existence of statistical outliers does not make any difference to the point i am making .
i feel like the camera is tilted a little bit otherwise i like the composition .
reminds me of an old barn on an overlook turn on rt 78 in southern ohio .
i dunno i 'm pretty happy that i upgraded from 100d to a7iii
how did you buy an idris outside of any sales ?
i 'm not sure pandering is what you meant to say ?
but i 'm not attacking him i 'm just disagreeing .
the only things i 've said to him that i feel qualify as an attack is after he started making things up to try and support his opinion and i feel like explicitly lying to people is a fair thing to be called out on .
i only felt like that when walking next to shorter partner or when i was fat .
both are a thing of the past and being slender and fit i feel great and beautiful .
is because i got blocked by the user for a weird reason to me and i tried to contact the moderators through i was harassing and i got permabanned
why would their allies including my country bring down the usa ?
i feel like this video stopped at a crucial moment
fortunately we had your wit to grace this page in order to point it out by repeating a comment you made two days ago to someone else in another thread .
unfortunately you seem to have failed to apply your superior ability to convey meaning in a minimum of words to make a constructive comment in this thread or the other !
what does it say that you had nothing to say about the video itself but my comment stirred you sufficiently to summon an albeit aborted response ?
indeed you appear to me to be a singularly unimaginative purveyor of pithy putdowns and precious else .
here 's hoping your further reddit activity will serve to prove my assumptions unfounded .
until then i congratulate you in your discernment at being able to join the prestigious yet ever swelling ranks of people who claim my comments are longwinded and fail to convey meaning .
maybe one day i 'll be able to state the obvious as concisely as you do .
are the good landlord posts the latest jerk on here ?
this is why you should join randoms with 150 hr
surely better withdrawal terms have been negotiated during prison sex . ''
you think a six year old can comprehend all the things the you said ?
apple is down mainly cause nobody gave a shit about current iphone
would n't be surprised honestly lol but hey as long as i 'm happy with it who cares right
you appear to have submitted an instance of wordplay .
please make sure to read and understand the subreddit 's rules before posting in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
legacy was the most boring plain car i ever owned .
fuck you and your pot metal lower control arm joint .
i do n't get all the hate on these guys like yeah sid kind of a douche but i personally find the show to be pretty funny and i love when the motherfucker rants .
i would leave it alone unless they bring it up .
you do n't need to explain yourself to them .
im seeking specifically why a woman would get upset if a man asks his seat to be lifted after she uses his toilet at his house if she expects the opposite at hers .
congratulations for making sure your seat is lowered before you shit .
if only they raised that money to make an easier inmigration system that money would go to good use .
accidentally liked the video shortly before he actually drops .
however the first few minutes are arguabley more sweat inducing
i thought that i slightly telegraphed my sarcasm by repeatedly replying with the same word slightly '' that op used on very heinous examples of his behavior .
but i was slightly wrong here in slightly underestimating the way people would interpret my slightly sarcastic statement .
i dream of some sort of mortal kombat vr game .
i do n't think it 'll happen but it would be a blast .
if they find oil on it america will be there in 2 weeks .
as a lakers fan i 've literally watched deng draw a paycheck the size of ariza every year to not play shit we 're paying him like 5 million a year to not play for us when our best 3pt shooter josh hart does n't earn that amount over the next 3 years .
i blame the people that offered him that money .
who the fuck would n't take that if it was offered ?
there is n't a clause in there saying try your best the whole time or we wo n't pay you '' if you know you 're on the tail end of your career but somebody wants to throw crazy money at you then take it and run .
trevor ariza has roughly 15 million reasons to not give a fuck .
what makes populism bad is that the solutions that are proposed tend to be based on ideas that are popular instead of empirical evidence .
so essentially all politics since the beginning of time .
i 'm not sure if i got this correct but in the u.s do customers not retrieve their own trolley ? ? ?
as in do you have workers who actually give people trolleys all day because that is ... ..interesting to say the least unless i 've got it wrong .
if that 's the case it 's pure laziness from customers if they ca n't even be bothered to get their own trolley .
i understand if there were n't any left and you asked an employee to get you one but like like some of the other comments stated .
even if we have a volunteer military many young americans are still forced to join the military because they ca n't find a job in our shitty job market .
if trump refuses to sign both chambers of congress would need to override the veto which is 290 votes in the house and 67 in the senate .
now that trump has made wall funding the official litmus test i doubt congressional republicans would overrule him in large enough numbers to make it happen .
i 've gotten conflicting advice when to submit my packet you and the other guy to comment have convinced me i need to submit it already .
f1 cars had carbon monocoques in the 1980s but they sure as hell were n't safe by modern standards .
i liked the part about aladdin she 'll never take that from you
3d pinball space cadet cause you always had the high score on your own computer
well me being a discord noob just joined today i did n't know saying reddit mods '' would notify every single one of them so this is my b
the full reason is sort of long but it boils down to it 's almost nothing like infinity gauntlet . ''
it 's based much much more loosely than i was expecting on infinity gauntlet .
keep in mind i did a total media blackout prior to seeing the movie .
i had n't seen a trailer read an article about it seen a commercial for it nothing .
i was expecting something so radically different than what we got it was jarring and i came away disappointed .
however this is probably not an issue for 99.9999999999 of the other people who saw it meaning you probably should n't pay much attention to my opinion .
how much wood would a wood-tkachuk chuck if a wood-tkachuk would chuck wood ?
the attendant said they gave your information to a random woman ?
for the love of god please try to contact someone above them that is not okay regardless of the situation .
there 's a post about pulling out of syria on the dipshitz that made it to number 11 on all .
that 's the highest i 've seen them make it in almost 2 years .
you can tell this means a lot to putin by how many bots and trolls they have working on this .
i bet everyone is working overtime in moscow right now
i love when a dog 's ears are the same size as his whole head .
i fully forgot he was in charge of the rnc finances .
how is that not mentioned in any of the reporting ?
too scary to tie him to the whole gop instead of just trump ?
they ruled that the committee that tried him did not act impartial and thus he was n't given a fair trial .
again i strongly urge you to educate yourself on the case because your information is dead wrong .
i sometimes use guitar amp plugins i use bias amp to send a vocal track to a parallel bus for saturation and added harmonics .
when used subtly it adds an edge to the vocal that is desirable in more saturated genres .
anywhere you want some extra high end but eq is the wrong way to go try it out and see what happens .
i find it to be a more creative process as well .
i love you to a sales rep as i got off the phone .
if you somehow think r/politics is silencing bad things about the right you 're delusional
this thread for instance got deleted once it hit the top with 9k upvotes all other threads were submitted after this one and none had over 200 upvotes .
the reason for deleting it already submitted '' was bullshit and mods did n't reply when i pointed this out and asked why it was deleted .
it only takes one bad mod if you think it 's impossible that mods can have agendas contrary to the subreddit then maybe you 're the delusional one .
spiced rum is my favourite😍 it 's 1.25am on saturday here but i had a nice relaxed friday night in
i think this would be a solid thing for anyone to get for christmas .
idk i feel that out off all that was listed eddie murphy would be the best fit
this city sure has a problem with letting crazy bums scream about crazy hum things for far too long .
lcw is one of my all time favorite records .
i 'm not spending my evening talking to cops and the next month attending court as a witness because some asshole boss was bitter about his shitty bar sales .
when it comes to violence unless it 's my loved ones involved i 'm noping out of there .
oh and when the cops did show up because someone called them and i noped outta there i found out later that they basically said there was nothing they would or could do about it .
this could be a reason to work there or not to work there depending on how much time you want to spent praising jesus .
man that sentence would make zero sense to the uninitiated ...
plus all the shit i nabbed from the mini fridge
with all the updates around 100 i think i 'm guessing it should tell you on the game page in your console store
me what other groups do you think should police each other ?
you well other people say feminists should police themselves !
you are clearly unable or unwilling to answer the actual question .
where on the website can you subscribe to the newsletter ?
if this is true i 'm convinced ng is doing this on purpose at this point .
i get it jwst is incredibly complex and delicate but there have other easily avoidable mistakes .
i will be messaging you on 2018-12-23 01:23:54 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2018-12-23 01:23:54 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/a8122j/the_taco_bell_cantina_in_alexandria_opened_a_day 0a 0aremindme !
to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
i got ta to watch a porn video with subtitles on
reading your comments ... interesting person to say the least .
but yeah i would normally say freedom of expression but after the recent terminations of mild content i 'm not standing by that anymore ... never know onision could be the next target .
is this one of those toys when you turn the handle the head pops out ?
i thought peskin was the only turdbag supe but apparently safai is giving him a run for the money .
why ca n't dice fix issues like this at launch ever ?
i hope to be back on all fours very soon 😋
i just got a new pb from amazon and upgraded to v71 .
i even reported to google that my caps lock shortcut did n't work .
update i just sign out and log in again .
i still do n't get the auto complete though .
i 've noticed an uptick of aspx pilots trapped on outposts since the 3.2 update .
i 'm pretty sure bernie got more people out of his supporters who voted in the primary than hillary did in general of the democrats .
she just did n't connect with people and trump was better in the media than she was despite admitting to an attitude of sexual assault .
i get that forsen is famous and shit but i doubt people gon na watch ark reskin
carbon good tax should be used to incentivize investment in renewable tech
land value good tax this could be a viable use case
income inefficient tax and would have a similar effect to the estate tax you do n't want to increase
the tiniest things becomes a huge task and the amount of discipline required to do anything is very overwhelming .
yes i bought my dad an iphone this year for his birthday and i bought my mum and ipad mini last year .
people who need a basic experience to get their stuff done are perfect for iphones .
perhaps teenagers who are n't photographers or who do n't need an all day battery life they could just get iphones .
but people who have lots to do lots of hobbies and lots going on you 'd better go android .
ios just does n't offer the flexibility that many people need but at least in the case of my parents that flexibility is n't needed so ios offers them that basic but smooth/fluid experience they 'd want .
plan your day exercise eat right make sure you 're either outside or with others in order to fight the urges that will come your way
i can give you an easy challenge if you 're on psn and happen to be on my list .
i have multiple forms of both depression and anxiety and id say it definitely affects my sex life .
the effect on my everyday life is more of a concern for me but sex just takes a little extra effort to maintain consistency .
probably due to some issues of her own in relation to mental health .
luckily we are able to help each other if needed .
i unfortunately ca n't stomach the taste or texture of liver .
but it is a little high for my reality .
because i have not been able to find a list of the content topics that the course offers .
click the three dots to the top right of your post then select post flair
at the end of windows 7 support i 'll have to find an alternative .
this is a dual purpose machine for business and personal use so i need to keep using windows on it for now .
who 's using manas to fight paracers and who is using paracers when titans still exist ?
more seriously though sounds like a similar case of poison wyvern breath attacks going through walls when they should n't be .
i imagine that 's not intended and will be fixed .
he might have stayed on the phone longer if it was about a condo building .
but it is about peoples ' lives and geopolitics .
that 's hard boring and is n't about him .
fox is on and he 's hungry or ready to golf .
i know many hard working police officers your assessment of the police in general is wrong .
because integras are some of the easiest cars to steal .
but ho i took even more extra steps by getting attached to brand new characters rather than the original selection .
at least they are n't going the way of sweden https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zztc2ma2geq
lock the furnace in edgeville to a varrock diary requirement .
i dunno but i def hear the baying of the hound
we 're sorry but accounts under 14 days old may not submit posts in r/subredditdrama .
please post with an established account/main account if you have one or you will have to wait until your account is old enough to submit .
in the mean time you are still able to participate in the community by commenting in existing srd threads .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/subredditdrama if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i do n't think they describe how he looks that much .
when i think of him he looks like just some dude with long ass gray hair and gray beard
and honestly if you see me every week '' ...
not quite sure what 12.500 points will get you but there are likely decent items around that range .
there is a boxing day section all the items are listed that will be going on sale but again no point price is posted .
just make sure your on cibc rewards and there is boxing day sales section .
you need a new lawyer and do n't submit your insurance you submit the woman 's insurance info .
while you 're looking for a new lawyer just keep going to your appointments and submitting the receipts to the woman 's insurance and the current lawyer ...
i think from the sounds of this the physical therapy place is under the impression that you were in a car accident not hit by a driver
if you are linking to the lost redditor please delete your post screenshot the lost redditor and post the screenshot instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lostredditors if you have any questions or concerns .
now to think of something noble to do with the money ...
i did a one year conversion masters in computing which got me my current job as a web dev .
knew nothing before that but i know my firm would hire someone with little coding background as long as you are keen hard working interested and also intelligent obviously .
2 flash of light https art.hearthstonejson.com/v1/render/latest/enus/512x/trl_307.png 2 hsreplay https hsreplay.net/cards/50028 wiki https hearthstone.gamepedia.com/flash 20of 20light
2 potion of heroism https art.hearthstonejson.com/v1/render/latest/enus/512x/loot_088.png 2 hsreplay https hsreplay.net/cards/43373 wiki https hearthstone.gamepedia.com/potion 20of 20heroism
3 zola the gorgon https art.hearthstonejson.com/v1/render/latest/enus/512x/loot_516.png 1 hsreplay https hsreplay.net/cards/46403 wiki https hearthstone.gamepedia.com/zola 20the 20gorgon
5 call to arms https art.hearthstonejson.com/v1/render/latest/enus/512x/loot_093.png 2 hsreplay https hsreplay.net/cards/43384 wiki https hearthstone.gamepedia.com/call 20to 20arms
9 uther of the ebon blade https art.hearthstonejson.com/v1/render/latest/enus/512x/icc_829.png 1 hsreplay https hsreplay.net/cards/43406 wiki https hearthstone.gamepedia.com/uther 20of 20the 20ebon 20blade
25 shirvallah the tiger https art.hearthstonejson.com/v1/render/latest/enus/512x/trl_300.png 1 hsreplay https hsreplay.net/cards/49981 wiki https hearthstone.gamepedia.com/shirvallah 2c 20the 20tiger
hello my baby hello my darlin ' hello my ragtime gal .
when pizzas on a bagel you can eat pizza anytime .
men do n't require nearly the same social proof of their mate .
the high school quarterback will date the hot art student .
in my experience most calorie info online is based only on abv .
it 's not a no mans land same land as all others .
just wish the mayor did this with all well-heeled developers except those investing in truly blighted areas .
i 'm not a conservative but public subsidies distort the market and line the pockets of the well connected .
send it by parts gpu psu cooling system mobo with cpu+ram .
sorry dont mean to hijack this thread however im having a similar issue .
found cia updates and dlc for games and when i go to install them via fbi the only options i get are delete rename .
nothing about installing the cia like i normally would with full game titles .
i would love to see a finished project once the crest is done .
did you freehand the crest or blow up a picture you found ?
whenever i feel like i need to cut down i just play a lot of xbox with friends and it keeps us pretty distracted for a while
in order to close this game we 're going to need a big run to pop
boy ... we sure could use that 3pts that was squandered earlier .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
content for r/mildlyinteresting or other subreddits see the rules faq here https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules wiki_not_hmmm_enough for the details of this rule
note r/hmmm does not accept any oc pictures you/your friends have personally taken .
if you have any questions about this removal please read the rules faq https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules because it will have the answer .
dear u/ntristhebest your post has been automatically removed because your user account is less than three 3 days old or you have less than the 10 comment karma globally on reddit if your account is more than 3 days old .
the moderators will no longer approve of any post or comment from any account that is less than 3 days old or has less than 10 comment karma https redd.it/30b44n globally on reddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gotradereferences if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd be super pissed if my husband bought me a job '' for christmas .
i never see footage from up there but i bet it gets absolutely epic sometimes .
when i was younger i was with my mom and grandma in my grandma 's friend 's book and knick knack store and the four of us were talking about books and reading .
then a random lady comes into the shop and joins the conversation .
she proceeded to talk to us for the next half hour we never got a chance to escape and she would constantly interrupt everyone so she was doing 90 of the conversation .
i did n't get to speak a single word because she just started talking over me every time i tried to pitch in .
she runs the reddit account while aria runs the twitter .
i asked her about it last time a pornhub tweet came across reddit .
the worst is when he wakes up and goes straight to his phone though haha
it is maybe the second smallest armored vehicle i believe i have laid my own eyes upon !
if you can get to a command prompt type sfc scannow also try recovering to a previous date .
if all fails do a fresh install of windows .
again shit shower and shave before her tinder date ?
how the fuck is that normal and ok to you ?
take your piercings out and let them heal real quick ... then get them pierced at 4mm .
that 's your only option to easily get that goal size this year .
and i hope if you stretch further you 'll really consider doing it slow .
a lot of people here do n't seem to use it ... even this is just steady freehand .
yeah i feel like he 's doing this on purpose to get infamy .
but you know it 's just a total coincidence because he just has so much to say to all them haters .
do n't worry i 'm sure whatever afcs team makes the playoffs will lead a 2nd half comeback to knock the chiefs out of the playoffs
i would feel burning anger and i would immediately cuss out the fuckwit parents who were just standing there not being parents .
of course at the same time i 'd be calling for an ambulance .
i still do n't think anyone gets that for the most party they 're all silent protagonists so they 're not actually talking to each other lol .
i 'm a celtics fan rob will produce blocks even in limited time .
if he gets even 10 minutes he could legitimately have 1-2 blocks .
u/signation320 is not a verified user on r/massivecock be careful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
then the only other things left are multiplication and division .
you may have talked to daniel stefani yesterday but you 're talking to fucking caustic today ''
he 's complaining because they gave up a winning drive to gabbert and cites defensive playcalling as a big reason why
i think lee would have tons of success if he were able to initiate a grappling exchange .
conor literally chokes when he 's forced to defend against rear naked chokes .
you know you 've gone wrong when the best thing you 've got going for you are lukewarm mozzarella sticks .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a8rk4d/people_of_reddit_did_you_ever_study_for_anything .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
and they also do not have the opposite belief .
neutrality is a subset of atheism and we can say the same with neutrality being a subset of theism .
you clearly said atheism and neutrality is not the same which means being an atheist does not make you neutral .
you have to declare what your position actually is .
so what difference is it with neutrality and theism ?
promoted a bunch of 3*s to 4 cause i did n't have any other better choices a month ago or so .
amazing that at that age he can still have such lightning quick reflexes .
that 's all well and good and i appreciate it but it 's a little unfair to say if you read the comments '' without taking the timestamps into account .
dude i replied to made his comment eight hours ago and i made mine six hours ago .
most of your replies with the guy 's name were made four hours ago and the oldest was right after mine .
i used it for my recent surf trip to baja but it has a lot of info on the states as well .
it has an interactive map where users can put landmarks such as free camping along with their experience at these spots .
before i crossed the border i parked at a rest stop maybe 40 miles north of san diego .
it was really noisy and a lot of other cars but no one will bug you since there 's so many people sleeping in there cars as well .
i 'm following a build where the 2 weapons are termed as stat sticks .
we do n't allow landscape astrophotography on the sub .
like the magaers are capable of recognizing when they 're being ripped off .
trump has been playing them for fools in the most transparent way since day one .
making my bed every morning and reading one book a week .
that 's because and lets be really honest here american wwe fans are basically assholes .
they are never satisfied with anything and i am firmly convinced that they only reason they do this is awesome chants or boring chants is because of the dude next to them .
the people in the audiences seem like they are n't even watching the matches most of the time .
first off this article discusses someone in bernies inner circle 2016 campaign who has ties with manafort which has nothing to do with him receiving money but having a relationship with a russian asset who just got indicted to me is actually a lot worse .
2nd of all reddit blocked me from posting more than once in a short period of time .
here is the other article discussing karl roves republican superpac doing media ad buys for bernie 's campaign .
third of all i thank you for callling me sir '' which means a lot to me however i am a dyke so with that said you can suck my dick .
make sure it 's up to date and the latest one .
typically that sound happens when windows finds a new device .
if your monitor shuts off and then on it 's either the video card or monitor that is causing it .
groups that do weekly shounen jump like mangastream and jaimini 's box series do use magazine scans .
these magazines are indeed garbage but these groups have photoshop magical techniques to clean them/make them presentable .
we also have the bigger shoujo groups that tends to scan magazines but most of the time they suck at cleaning them .
other more traditional old school groups scan the tankobon .
those are relatively easier to clean using photoshop and can give you pretty high resolution pages if the scanner is patient enough to scan it at 600 dpi .
there are still a bunch of group that prefer it this way .
and yet majority of the groups now just buy and rip the e-book which most of the time can be left as is or can be tweaked a bit using well photoshop or some other image editing thing like waifu2x .
but you can see him trying to spin it even now .
he 's pointing the finger at the democrats making noises about working with them having border security meetings ... it all builds up that narrative that he 's selling that the democrats are being obstructionist .
so in the end he can play it either way and win if the shutdown happens he 's standing strong against democrat bullying after trying valiantly to find common ground .
if he caves and signs the budget he 's doing so under protest with a democrat gun to the head of the american people .
it does n't matter that anyone with two reasonably functional brain cells wo n't buy it .
his base will eat it up and sing his praises which is and always has been the mark he 's aimed for .
to him those are the only people who matter and only as long as they worship him .
i remember seeing on r/soccer about a year ago that he had about a 35-40 win rate for each premier league club he 's managed including liverpool .
my take-away from that is give him burnley or city and he 'll get them 12th place .
just a question but is n't the goal of being in contenders to join owl ?
i get not wanting to expose yourself and all but eventually you have to show yourself if you get to the highest level
never actually using facebook.com not having the app anywhere .
i only use a wrapper for the messenger site otherwise i ca n't talk to half my friends .
i 'd like to do more damage but i do concede i 'm reliant on at least one of their services .
we got our german municipalities after the treaty of versailles in 1919 so after world war 1 not 2 .
they were even incorporated back into the nazi germany just like the grand duchy of luxembourg during our occupation in ww2 while belgium formed a military government together with northern france until 1944 .
i 'm not in a customer service industry but i still sub to things like r/talesfromretail and r/talesfromyourserver because it means i know some of the stuff they have to go through .
from those stories customer service people have earned nothing but respect from me .
rip i was legendary 3 and i dropped pro 1
yeah written as just dont have enough time for him with all the hard moming i 'm doing and he needs room to run .
i cant stand people on craigslist finding new homes for their adult dogs and cats and they add a rehoming '' fee .
like bitch practically nobody would want it for free but adding a price tag that animal is doomed .
edit i especially cringe when people do this with pit bulls .
in my area pit bulls are all you find in the bound because they are a restricted breed .
time to trade for that masterpiece arcbound ravager with a nice candy bar
you must have never gotten a sparrow from exotic engrams huh ?
you must not even know that its actually possible to get a sparrow from an exotic engram .
this submission has been removed because posts need to have context and content besides the title https www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/wiki/subredditrules wiki_specific_content_restrictions .
please resubmit with a post body describing your submission .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
i was holding alt when i shit in my chair and clicked with my mouse .
after a terrible week currently 24 points with 3 to play and a drop to 38k i 'm considering this for a 4
had a customer call the office because our oldest and crankiest carrier cleaned his shoes of their dog 's excrement using their porch steps .
when you have your own route you know which houses to use the sidewalk but it still happens .
i dont understand people that let their dogs poop in the front yard and they just leave it there ...
in fact if you buy beginner friendly '' paper decks they usually contain fairly simple cards with just one or two keywords and very basic effects .
but most of the cards in standard and thus in arena are meant for competitive play and it 's not uncommon to see walls of text on some of those even if the effects themselves are not that complicated e.g .
rekindling phoenix which simply auto-recurs itself or ixalan 's binding which removes a permanent and prevents the opponent from playing a copy of that .
i mean the spaceship in wall-e does n't make any sense .
there should be almost 100 efficienc not mass dumping of valuable materials .
edward 's spell may not be the best joseph has seen from him but it 's enough to send a brief crushing pain down joseph 's wand arm when his shield charm cast in defense is n't nearly as strong as it needed to be .
the worst of the pain is fleeting resulting in a quick recoil but quickly enough he 's recovered from it and ready to fire back .
turquoise light shoots from his wand towards the ravenclaw but even as it flies joseph knows it wo n't be very effective .
a dull ache remained in his wand arm after the hit throwing him off just enough that edward could easily defend this one .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has been posted recently by another user
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
can identify being that type of girl this is a good strategy .
when guys start to talk to me i definitely do n't want myself to be the topic of conversation .
if a guy opens with something unrelated/funny i may still assume he wants my number later but at least he treats me like a human being and not a piece of meat to be evaluated and marinated some time before cooking lol
completed a ba bounty yesterday doing a forge and dropped a prime engram doing it .
got a 647 chest piece from the bounty went and opened the engrams and got a 646 chest .
i 'm just spreading the word on how powerful that gun is .
i want a fox maid to help me around the house preferably one with medium sized tiddies so i do n't get envious later down the road .
do n't get me wrong i 'm aware there 's many reasons why yellow jackets protesting is a big story .
large scale riots resulting in violence in a rich western country is a popular story without any help .
what i am saying is there is a right wing and russian effort for these stories to be picked up and amplified and exaggerated
p48 truth untold https youtu.be/qvdzifxb_eo gives me goosebumps everytime .
miyu also rearranged the song which showed that japanese trainees did have the potential .
he is on r/hermitcraft its just that he isnt r/hermitcraft
we had to get it resized right after she proposed but now i get to go pick it up right after christmas so i can show it off finally
they ban shitty gift threads or comments on the ss subreddit .
its a marketing tool for reddit so i doubt they take kindly to a reddit specific one at least .
still its a big place so likely something out there .
it is fun although facing g12 zombie and acolyte is not fun .
in a 3v3 setting it is very very difficult to kill them off 3 times .
and if your team does n't manage it then obviously that counter resets the next time .
i would have thought this was a joke if not for the bot .
you already asked for pictures of a couple of my items in my sale thread but i wanted to let you know i came across my animated legends class and voyager class optimi if you 're interested .
is there option to watch anywhere else than on voot ?
i 've got both sterling and sane and planning to stick since city still have great stats .
i 've done rashford this week will likely do digne next week and maybe pogba for a hit then allison and rich .
if so every one of the tools/utilities/mods that 's pinned on that page is available either in the sidebar or on this sub 's wiki and have been for years .
the mod post was requested to be unpinned in the end .
you can verify this with laptop if you wish .
it was the dark souls overhaul mod '' which focused almost entirely on pvp .
it 's important to note that bot king was also posted on this subreddit which technically should have been pulled since it interacts directly with users online .
this is why i think it 's imperative that we have clear cut guidelines .
especially since mod development is set to increase in light of all these powerful modding tools that have recently been released .
wait until those troopers find out they just arrested their undercover boss
no its not she posted this one an hour before the other one .
ended up taking it back no touch support in uefi as a microsoft tech said is a clear indication of hardware failure .
gon na be a few weeks before i get a replacement due to holiday shutdowns ...
this is the dumbest idea i have seen on this site and i have seen someone mention michelle rodriguez should play jessica cruz just yesterday .
pour la vidéo controversé soit ce qu'elle fait est légal soit c'est illégal et on ferme sa chaine .
la subvention devrait pas être basé sur des valeurs floues qu'on veut voir transmise ou pas sur youtube sinon autant arrêter de subventionner 90 des chaines .
from what i 've found lush herbalism is not a good option for sensitive skin .
it contains potentially irritating ingredients especially regarding daily use including fragrance ground almonds .
other skincare products such as moisturizers should also be similarly gentle alcohol and fragrance free are big ones .
for example the louis widmer skin appeal sebo fluid contains denatured alcohol as does the skincare gel of the same brand .
as a current resident of the shiloh/belleville/mascoutah area i 'd say it 's like a 5.5 out of 10 10 being a total hellhole .
knew this comment would be here after reading that title i 'm sad i could n't have done it myself
back when i was a kid we had pbs from antenna .
sexless marriage is n't the same as initiating a romantic relationship on the premise of no sexuality you illogical freak .
i guess impotent people exist and women with fucked up uteruses and whatnot so those ca n't be entirely blamed .
i do n't need to be a psychiatrist to tell whether a person who is eating their own poop is mentally ill or not the same logic applies here .
just so you know i 'm from qatar so this gay agenda bullshit does n't apply to me we happily stone our gays here d
ur tired honky sarcasm is top notch keep it up nigga
i got ballistic fiber from it probably the only thing worth mentioning
yeah exactly my childhood friend has a rare condition called central hypoventilation syndrome .
he also has a disabled card even though he looks perfectly fine .
the amount of shit his mother got for parking in a disabled parking space is ridiculous even though when there is an emergency a few more meters could cost his life .
and dewgong is just like the manatee type creature dugong .
we are now witnessing why teams who have dan christian win a lot of t20 games
i went to a fitter with my bike and i feel it eased some chronic issues but that 's just an anecdote .
i 'll probably do it again with my next bike .
you should probably also see a physical therapist to make sure you do n't have any muscle imbalances or something that you need to correct .
but only if you have insurance that covers it i guess .
go to college to try and do what you love instead of taking a good paying union job out of high school .
i 'll send you a pm when i get to the holistic nature of the battlefield qs on my practice tests .
treasonous but not literal treason which is the only crime expressly defined in the constitution treason against the united states shall consist only in levying war against them or in adhering to their enemies giving them aid and comfort . ''
i 'm not minimizing election fraud just pointing out that the founding fathers felt strongly about treason and wrote a specific narrow definition of it into the constitution .
many of the crimes occurring right now are treasonous in a general emotional sense but not treason in a legal technical sense .
there has n't been a single sims game whose aesthetics could be considered realistic .
if you mean the sims 3 that games is far from realistic .
the gold is so he ca n't delete his comment and thus erase his shame .
games are terrible medium to tell stories with the narrative is locked to the player character .
that sounds like the completely wrong thing to do .
post a form check address the problem if one ... beating around the push is not addressing the problem if such a thing exists .
do n't you think it looks pretty hypocritical to others when you have a message of border wall for me open borders for thee '' ?
even if your position was actually right it would n't be fair for you to assume nazi and anti-semite about your opposition for having a problem with it since you 're not communicating the differences clearly enough for other people to understand it .
i did n't say it had to be an action film .
in my experience people that i meet in real life like channel orange better while people on reddit like blonde better .
if i threw my hat into the ring i 'd say that co is the better of the two albums .
critics a fresh take on a genre with little left to offer .
fans bait and switch garbage that left nothing to the imagination ''
who would 've thought a superhero movie could be so linear ''
fans genre defining magic that brought nostalgia back to the big screen ''
critics and fans are rarely on the same page .
want me to proof that streamers use and see those 2 maps all the time ?
only the buildings and where below the keep the pillars are a variation some of them are t17 t18 others already t19 .
there is a lot of luck involved it 's not like you face everybody around you .
last week went horrible for me because all i faced were lightblessed surtr+10 walls .
i went for 100 instead of 110 points because eir was limiting my team .
i managed to create a map that does well against surtr and in 2 weeks fae walls but not ephraim walls the problem is that my guidance flier can be chosen between elincia lagjearn and ceada .
they are n't exactly the best unit to deal with rein/lyn .
green fliers would do well but then again surtr+20 survives .
your rank is higher because i still have 3 2 if unlucky matches to go the major problem opponents i did n't rematch hint to use spring breeze 1 2 aka cointoss if i had loki it would be a free win and as you can see from my posting history .
my defense kills quiet a few units but even with escape ladder most players refuse to surrender and i do n't have the units to dish out dc and galeforce every season .
another thing is i already faced t19 through rematches and i regret 3 of those because i did n't have the right comp for those aka 60 lift missed 1 pot missed no 15 relevant matches
basically there those were barricaded 2 path spring breeze maps where you need 3 turns to break through the side and possibly lose 1-2 pots to kill 2-3 surtr+10 because the remaining units were dancers/firesweep poisonstrikex2 lyn/pain veronica .
the swapped menace for armor march and the idea is to chip down hp on direct combat and surtr will deal 1 damage .
look i got literally zero rematches the last 2 weeks .
mostly because 90 were copy paste map 1 or copy paste map 2 .
who would you rather rematch somebody who cleaned your map without issue and ebola lynn/cancer veronica as lead even though unmerged or somebody that has a dragon as lead and lost 1-2 units .
if you mean salty because is introduced blessings and ar got boring because 12-14 maps you face are the same spring breeze maps making the mode kinda boring .
the only thing i can tell for sure is that after i reached t20 i will only get my 500 points and not bother reaching t21 unless is fixes fuck ups they did .
eg force a map rotation every week or change the formula .
simple example might be used in t19 with 6 units though place a guidance flier without assist in range of the broken wall place a cancer cav above just to spread savage blow/pain damage without counter .
you want that unit to be killed place a melee inf or armored unit left of the flier no assist place a dancer above the armored unit .
you can bait under the wall but if you do so the flier moves down the inf may move right depends on your units gets dances and kills your bait unit .
if you did n't clear up you lose quiet some units .
if test the traps you will get into range of the cav unit also getting the inf/melee unit next to you .
of course that 's a crude example which can be avoided by going the right path similar to deal with copy paste spring breeze left
i received mine last night and the effects were great but it was some of the ugliest flower i 've gotten !
the trim job left a lot to be desired and it smoked a bit harsh in my opinion .
have n't vaped it yet though maybe that 's the way to go .
their pineberry and hawaiian haze have been treating me well though so i ca n't complain too much haha
thanks tomarrow i will start with the cup instead of tampons and face my fear .
that 's a very very bold statement that wo n't be forgotten easily when they will inevitably fail to deliver
why does it look like someone grabbed the area near your eyebrows with a wrench ?
if you are simply stating a fact that x co. is using the result of your work in the x app you should be okay .
if you want to put their logo in your portfolio you 'll have to get permission .
boi you can barely use a smg11 without getting your arms ripped off and you still put a supressor on it
pretty big jump from it completely changes the game '' to it reminds me of my childhood . ''
i 'm not a fan for other reasons but as i 've noted elsewhere in this thread allowing companies control over their business practices short of illegal or discriminatory practices is the price we pay for first amendment rights as currently structured .
perhaps but it 's difficult to find platforms that do n't reserve this right .
i think it 's because you 're using the hot wheels mod .
this body style was only available in '69 and '70 but the '70 had the outside set of headlights removed and had this instead https cdn.barrett-jackson.com/staging/carlist/items/fullsize/cars/81404/81404_front_3-4_web.jpg .
you can also tell a 1969 and 1970 apart by the scoop on the rear quarter '69 had them '70 did not .
side note that the 1969 boss 302 did not have the side scoops though .
i 've had my game crash constantly for the past few weeks and even more so the last few days .
i 'm on ps4 just upgraded to a slim .
i play next to no multiplayer but play tons of blackout zombies without fail my game crashes every 10 minutes or so .
the other day i finally got the damn redeemer 5 seconds later the game crashed and said id been disconnected from the cod servers .
good point it is still very early days but i think what i 'll do is take your advice and see how it goes tomorrow .
if it comes up naturally somehow then that 's great but i 'm not gon na make an effort to mention it just yet .
i do n't know what prices are like in your country but that comes out to 45 usd and i 'm seeing some as cheap as 15 on american ebay .
either optimizing the factory playing on different settings i really enjoyed a ribbon world 80 tiles high or modding .
i 'm currently 300 hrs into ab 100 hrs on my current map and have n't got even the purple science going yet .
this subreddit website also has a big problem with right wing groups brigading it and filling comment sections with trolls and bots .
this problem is not sub specific they are everywhere .
my biggest advice is to keep ball cam on unless you have to actively go away from the ball or are within a couple feet where the cam may switch quickly .
an example would be i turn ball cam off to line up for a mid or corner boost then turn it back on after i 'm aimed the correct way so i can react as soon as i get the boost .
or i 'll turn it off to dribble so i can continue to look forward .
ball cam is definitely important to get used to .
i 'd go into striker training and leave ball cam on the entire time .
you will get used to the swivel of the camera and start placing shots more accurately .
also get used to approximating the speed of the ball .
helps tremendously going for aerials because the ball wo n't be in the same place as when you take off .
so you 're saying i 'm just 30-40 years behind being possibly relevant in my football knowledge .
put me in coach i 'm ready to play !
these raptors remind me of the spurs when they won it against miami .
if that 's the most helpless you 've ever felt then you 've had quite a good life
yes i 'm on now if you want to get got home early gt is karazy
i may not have much but i 'll give you anything or all i have for either of those explosive shotguns .
definitely wanted the acceptance before especially since they were super cool .
one day i was walking to gamestop to get the latest installment of big chungus big chungus 40k as something special for christmas .
as i was salivating about killing the heretics in the name of emperor bugs bunny i saw a random old beggar in the corner .
he seemed really sad and i thought i could spread a little festive cheer .
so instead of buying big chungus i decided to give the old man my 100 dollars .
as he thanked me gratefully i said to him happy holidays ! as i was gon na walk off i randomly saw a small figure in the sky heading towards us .
no it was ... ... all of a sudden i heard a voice saying it 's merry christmas libtard. all of a sudden ben shapiro flew from the sky and crashed into the old man causing the old man to explode to bits and die instantly .
the world started shaking as everyone around me were screaming and trying to escape ben shapiro 's wrath .
i try to run away but to no avail as ben shapiro popped up behind me .
he then started kicking the literal shit out of me as i started shitting uncontrollably all over the place .
there is no free will without god you liberal atheist piece of scum ben shapiro said as he was kicking me .
then singing angels came down from the heavens and gave ben shapiro a flaming sword .
he slowly prepared the killing blow and then struck .
as i felt my life force burning away from the strike i could hear ben shapiro say get destroyed fucking libtard.
wondered if anyone had an experiences buying a tabletop water distiller here .
are they available in sogo and other department stores ?
prisoners as ai that you can capture from towns and get in one of these camps .
they will give you intel about enemy defenses from the area thy were in for like the last 30min .
after that they will gather a small amount of bmats in their prisons .
would n't it be great if you could steal your enemies prisoners and let them work for you ?
i was a mess the first few times i got the lead and my first few pole positions did n't go well either .
the more i found myself in first the more comfortable i got there .
there 's definitely a mental hurdle there but it gets easier in time .
i throw half a capful of extract in mine along with my heavy cream .
my favorite is orange but there are a ton of different ones out there !
the amount of time i 've wasted trying to explain the stupidity of this ! !
now i just call it a gas station cappuccino .
lots of ugly presents before i ever made one that looked ok .
i have the same couch but in fabric instead of leather .
there was a guy in british columbia had a pig farm was feeding women to pigs .
oh one thing i forgot to mention i wo n't be using ethernet .
if we even lose to lamar jackson i 'm gon na be sick
ya but apparantly it is only like literally 1 island it is a very very tiny map and even burke is like umm ... .
this is just the same thing where what they do in that server wo n't matter
adding an additional ban does n't make ww less of a wasted ban .
in a less conservative stage list without ww there are 2 or 3 stages most players would want to ban anyway .
koliko god je sve to sto si rekao istina vucic za razliku od ovih ubija i napada opoziciju.uveo je potpunu medijsku blokadu i za razliku od svih proslih prica o razgranicavanju sa kosovom sto je izdaja.mora da leti posle toga fer izbori pa sta bude bude .
real estate agencies do nothing for people and charge for it .
so essentially the same as putting it in a landfill ?
tiger does n't want to be fed he wants to hunt
yes i suppose if your body burns muscle when you use stored energy 25 but primarily stores excess energy as fat then if you are maintaining weight not losing weight this might become a problem .
but if you 're losing weight overall it should n't be a huge problem as ultimately you 're cutting down that fat and would have lost the muscle anyway .
that said if you 're losing weight i would recommend resistance exercises to maintain your muscle mass and stop muscle loss as not only do they make you stronger and look most fine but also serve as a calorie sink in terms of metabolism .
seems like a lot of unfounded accusations and completely irrelevant nonsense from someone who has n't taken the time to sincerely grapple with jordan 's ideas .
games also have the problem of your camera not being centered at your head sometimes so there 's also problems for it like where to have the effect actually start or how to make it do this properly all the time .
nepali names i believed were not suitable for this story .
we just need a decentralized way of publishing them !
web rings we 're fantastic but they do n't seem to be as popular .
in theory making a site should just be a matter of typing some markdown in an app and picking a theme and posting a link to your public key somewhere .
but right now you have to deal with certificates hosting domain names etc .
i 've had a dog that thought every skunk was his best friend .
i could n't tell you how many times he was sprayed but i can tell you without a doubt in my mind that there was a skunk in the gray fox exhibit .
in fact i do n't there there was a single gray fox in that zoo they were just skunks painted gray .
pretty certain these types of giveaways where you make people donate/sub/drop bits are against twitch tos report the stream see how he likes it .
i 'm in work so i ca n't get the wording for the twitch tos but it is definitely there .
i mean i 'm not sure how many kids we 're talking here but affording a relatively cheap car with 2000 2200 month seems possible .
if you hate this country and support of it so much then fucking leave .
it makes me sick that my tax dollars go to people like you
the only time you might not be able to redeem it is if you already bought the amazon pack in the past .
other pack codes or mount codes do n't matter .
you can redeem both the amazon and the origin packs at the same time .
i 'll keep an eye out for any adds from r/ffbe .
i keep hearing ridiculous suggestions like uhhh what about continuing jack 's story ? ''
i do n't think i need to tell you all the problems with that lol .
i even saw one person say hey how about a prequel for sadie ? ''
a game where you play a housewife on her ranch for the entire game since that 's what she was ?
landon ricketts was even at the blackwater massacre and one of the only survivors so that would be a great tie-in to the gang .
i do n't get how it 's a jurassic park reference ?
lol everyone was breaking in that ... except bill hader .
you can get by at most gigs with the wedge monitor and a di .
you do n't need a 500w amp a giant cab despite what others here have said this sounds like shit live .
you do n't want crazy bass amplified behind the microphones .
you just need to position the speaker so it 's angled towards your face .
12s/15s will bring out the lows more 10s will punch the mid range .
22 m/21 f nyc area asian couple here too !
sure ogs used wingbacks by molde and lingard goes perfectly as a false-winger//semi-winger .
played great also but i guess none will be rotationproof for a while at least .
lolll one night my parents cooked hamburgers and i claimed i did n't like hamburgers so i did n't eat it .
they said i had to sit there at the table until i eat at least half of it .
after they finished dinner they cleaned the kitchen turned off the lights and went to bed .
leaving me alone in the dark at the kitchen table .
about 5 mins in i realized there were probs ghosts and shit lurking around so i stuffed that damn hamburger down my throat and ran to bed as fast as possible .
'nanny state ' laws usually are the ones where the idea is meant to protect you from yourself ... this does n't really qualify as that does it ?
this seems more like a complaint about overreaching public nuisance regulation than protecting people from their own choices .
speaking of ... is there such a thing as 'private ' fireworks ?
seems like the exact kind of thing that 's pretty hard to keep private .
funny enough season 8 also only really adapted one storyline but was unsuccessful unlike the first two seasons .
coulda bought a fender too and this would n't have happened .
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/fortnite/comments/a8t79b/looking_for_low_level_to_lake_me_into_their in r/fortnite was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in an automatic ban from r/fortnite .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnite if you have any questions or concerns .
anyone else think that you should actually be able to do the knife trick that the emote was named after .
russia and china do n't love each other but they 're working together in a number of areas .
it 's the basic balance-of-power-principle at work nato is so powerful that russia and china are being driven into each other 's arms to counterbalance it .
it 's no formal alliance but it is cooperation in some areas .
plus russian has lots of natural resources it wants to export while russia wants to import natural resources to fuel its huge manufacturing sector .
and i say these things in the name of jingling joe amen .
afaict some individuals have started using the world commercial '' to intentionally mislead when they really mean proprietary '' .
i think it must be some sort of anti-open source fud in a desperate attempt to make more money .
i went with my family for the first time today and it was cool .
honestly i wish it were bigger or located elsewhere to facilitate the amount of people that go there .
i knew it would be busy but there was a point where i could n't even move my arms lol
lol i guess we do n't need actual elections .
the fact of the matter is that statistics is grounded in actual mathematics so your opinion on sample size is plain wrong .
if the sampling is good say not just questioning transgender redheaded women over 50 on commercial drive who drive electric cards then its highly likely that the survey results reflect the actual popular sentiment .
not everyone actually goes out and votes of course .
oh my god 3 you ca n't can not say the n word without wearing a pass ! !
you 're mostly giving your money to the employees in the tourism industry .
i do n't know what they 're talking about it looks lovely https www.dailymotion.com/video/x2pzv92
also stuart binny 's best bowling figures in odis are better than wasim .
best president ever despite the media and leftist loser 's best attempts .
what was with ron and don in the post game talking about winnipeg being definitely the best team in canada ?
the leafs have a slightly better record a better goal differential and have beat them twice .
do n't do it save yourself and your sanity and avoid all shops on boxing day !
good thing the guy made up the story and does n't have a source then eh ?
how come it runs with the hypervisor disabled tey it ?
i mean okay i guess like do what you want but damn .
because it 's the same post on a weekly basis lmao
he literally complained to me that it 's not fair that 2 people have to consent to marriage but only one has to want a divorce for it to happen .
the point is that these deployable supers are unique in that they are an annoyance instead of an attempt to kill you .
that 's why i feel it should n't charge your super at all .
in the linked scenario would you give way to the blue lorry or held your lane ?
they never fixed ark so they will most likely never fix atlas .
i think wildcard should be more or less bankrupt a year from now or operating with a minimal team .
someone told me once about some marriage counseling they went to before their wedding and the husband and wife had two very different sets of values but they chose to get married anyway .
20 years later they are getting divorced for those exact reasons .
listen to them when they show you who they are .
for late his killer through balls are as much dangerous as him running to 18 yard and firing one past the keeper granted his teammates do n't scuff the chances .
and if all thy fails he 's a threat from set pieces .
i have been watching barcelona matches if i can want to watch the legend play the beautiful game as much i can before he hangs up his boots .
i mean all the ingredients all the supplies are to focus powers .
of course it is very helpful to read others methods others experiences but at the basic level it is depends only you your emotions and your connections to the magik '' itself .
at my place i feel if something is strage .
cleansing without good reason could be more harmful than useful .
so if i am feeling still comfy and well do not care much about that .
if i do cleansing i burn various colored candles white red and my own made multicolored i have specific ones for that not using for other things some tiny branches of birch tree sage and using salt all the time have a salt vaporizer in my room .
while not toxic bananas are not good food for a cat since they 're obligate carnivores unlike dogs which can eat 20 or 30 of their diet from fruits and vegetables .
cats lack the enzymes to break down fruits and vegetables and unlike humans they do n't have any nutritional use for carbs .
even the small amount of protein in the banana would be useless since it would be undigested .
eating a lot of banana would cause digestive issues and only eating banana would cause malnutrition and eventually death .
mailboxes seem to be in place far more often than payphones .
i think telstra have removed phones whereas auspost have n't removed mailboxes .
what 's the unique tactical identity of zidane 's team then ?
the three other managers have a clear idea of how their side should play .
what 's zidane 's and how is he incorporating the other three approaches into his own ?
note that 3 of the 5 crushers are in the list and the best supports are already there .
but it might mean that you will be sitting on your item longer because you have the higher price .
if someone else has the same thing they might bring their price down to what mine sells at to sell theirs .
then you are waiting longer to make the sale .
it does n't really matter it 's kinda just to show off tbh
i do n't know what happened in this case but i absolutely separated my infant from my parents ' cat when he slept at their place .
mostly bc i do think that particular cat would seriously consider trying to eat a live baby .
babies are n't even allowed to have a blanket or plush toys for safe sleep no way a cat qualifies as safe .
he 's about 8 years old in this photo nearly 10 now .
that 's all 100k stadiums others have less capacity .
please replace ate '' with 8 '' so we are n't reminded of all the animals that get eaten every year .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
chart out a solid marketing strategy and build an end-to-end customer acquisition funnel .
put you on the social map and help your company gain more visibility .
can act as an ambassador for the apac region and handle client communication business dealings cold calling/emailing etc .
help you expand both horizontally as well as vertically .
collaborate on projects so the clients can utilize the entire suite of services and not just development .
no matter how cold it is i always have to open a window when i get home on new year 's to let the new year in . ''
my grandmother always did it when i was little and it 's just stuck with me .
on first approach i understand what you 're saying .
a lot about abba just seems off or plain weird .
i say this as an american steeped in traditional american music particularly viewing the u.s. as the primary market for popular music .
music not really geared towards an american audience sounds strange .
abba is unapologetically swedish or european to make it broader .
this song was not intended to be released in the u.s. but to germany scandinavia and maybe the netherlands .
i thought about the political incorrectness too but then i 'm in a racially charged society that has n't been able to reconcile its past evils where a song can spark debate about appropriation .
i doubt abba approached pick a bale of cotton '' with the intention of putting a lighthearted twist on slavery sharecropping or the black american experience .
at least not anymore so than eric clapton did https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pe9hvsdcal4 covering robert johnson 's songs https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gtdlzdhhrci the rolling stones https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cjqwcm37rok when they borrowed heavily from the staples singers https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=j1jgf-6bfpi or brian ferry https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=anzq5263l_8 covering goodnight irene '' originally recorded by leadbelly https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1nfpdu1sl4a .
more than all the other arts music passes from one person to the next so each can put their own sound and spin on a song .
probably thousands of artists have covered leadbelly from all over the world .
i guess one of the drawbacks advantages to creating really excellent art of any form is that people will take it and do whatever they want to it .
the only way not to have that happen is not releasing it .
in a similar way i thought they filmed each episode of star trek in the week between episodes instead of filming the whole season then airing each episode sequentially .
in boating this is called the rule of tonnage .
i want to sell some 1.5 year held funds at a loss not panic selling just do n't want to be in these and so might as well do tax loss harvesting .
i 've already turned off automatic reinvesting back about nov 23 so i think i 'm ok with that in terms of wash sale .
if i just sell them myself on schwab and do n't rebuy anything similar within 30 days is that all i have to do on the investing end ?
and then i 'll have to do the tax form filling out part when i do my taxes .
or do i have to do anything special now before 12/31 besides just selling them ?
what would you recommend as a helping hand with gms2 after the introductory video tutorial ?
take your logic roll it up into a ball and shove it up your ass .
i wanted to make elves into a edo/meiji restoration period analog in my most recent setting but it did n't pan out .
gave them a super cool flavour that 's more unique than the standard elves .
i 'm a member of the 20 fps max settings club .
imagine how bad bjps bench strength is when such a crooked guy is made rbi governor .
if it makes you uncomfortable then i would open door it but on the other hand if he does n't have any other associates on his friends list then it singles you out .
even if his profile is public you could still get get singled out .
just depends on if you wan na take the chance .
ariana is so cute i 'd date her before sleeping with her .
i 'm going to add it to my list !
and that type of play was so sustainable ... ..did n't matter if we finished first .
i 've been looking for people who actually want to play as a squad on xbox from nz
i just want to point out that it concerns them more to get tc than any other resources ... what is this ultra grief meta ?
pls allow us to tc stack again ... destroying whole bases like this is ridiculos ... . if you want to do that you should have to foundation wipe like in the old times
it includes landing on planets engineers and a few other things.. and i think some of the new mining stuff .
i am not sure what the launcher looks like when you only have the base game so i do n't know if horizons is listed there or not .
as far as planetary landings are you attempting to land on a planet with an atmosphere or a gas giant ?
it seemed good but what do you think about play shot ?
looks like we are all rams fans in the post season .
glad you joined the program it has certainly changed my life .
cross an ocean for your cadets and they 'll give you results
there is play-doh cologne/perfume in case anyone wants to stop carrying a wad around in their pocket to huff ...
6 months flight as you probably dont have the medical staff or time to do rehab
thinking about the 4th quarter with a lead at home with the seahawks playing some damn good football
i wondered about the primerizer the woman at ulta was absolutely no help with that .
first aid beauty is new to me i 'll have to check it out !
what i do n't get is ... no one films anything for no reason theres always a reason .
so why does everyone always have to get so butt hurt about it on this sub ?
shit like this is why i stopped going to games .
i live 3 stops from the uc but some of the fans are just fucking awful to be around .
i do n't feel like i fit in here half the time
edit instead of coming here and looking at memes to make myself feel better about my shitty body and loneliness i get downvoted en masse because i do n't like fucking communism because im just a moderate dem .
god damn why ca n't you folks just be a bit more inclusive of people who arent radicals ?
driving desperate people away for political purity is just not good .
is this really the attitudes you want for the trans community ?
would be nice to see carson not have to make first contact 2 yards behind the like of scrimmage pretty much every play .
thank you for your submission please remember to supply as many details you can .
these include if applicable size origin store and/or geographic location age and any writing on the item .
additional pictures can be added as a comment in this post .
whatever you 've googled/found already should be included to save time and effort .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
so he has a history of being racist huh ?
has there been any new information regarding this since ?
the only thing i 've found is this link https www.gamepressure.com/games/house-flipper/ze4bd4 showing it will be on xbox in march 2019
and i literally said this to my wife whe we were playing the beta that it would make too much sense .
just go in a corner and shut up you obnoxious jerk .
it still worked when we put it at the side of the road too .
so a little research shows that this generator uses 7-11 gallons of diesel per hour and it would take an hour to get a full range of 335 miles with a charging station .
you 'd be better off with a toyota corolla .
he was the first overall pick ... nobody passed up on him
which is offset by the resources found on a moon unless you plan to ship all the fuel and oxygen to mars from earth forever .
i havent seen it in stores is it online only ?
can someone please catfish bob sutton as a underage girl and or boy and gather evidence leading to his demise ?
i got them at a japanese manga store when visiting sydney in australia not sure where to get them online otherwise .
three days of happiness is one of my all time favourite manga as well !
well you do stare at it for like 20 of your game time in destiny
the way he was playing around with some cardboard while asking looked like otaku ... no offense for otaku..
are they just buildings or do they have legs to move ?
i would rather fight a walgreen sized man than 100 jackie chan walgreen'es .
if you do my bad thoughts are your fault .
sadly your opinion is uninformed diamonds are already not rare they only suffer from artificial scarcity because debeers is pretty much a diamond cartel .
the only reason they are important at all was just because an ad campain in the 40s .
complains for 3 quarters and then changes his tune if we are winning .
lying is now a dump first ask questions later thing .
the dragon ... macho man ... eighth wonder of the world ... . sensational ... big daddy cool ...
they were talking about who to invite to deener 's charity event and deener said anyone is welcome ! and vinny said i 'm gon na ask the unit to come ! and deener responded back anyone but him ! while the whole cast laughed .
walk around there and one of the server disks that hosts a few fileshares had tipped into the threshold for showing a red capacity bar
people think belichick can do no wrong even the hoodie is n't perfect .
250 for a pink floyd wish you were here sacd isnt that expensive ... .
oh i just mean removing old accounts that i do n't use anymore .
and that 's a valid way to look at things .
but i would have preferred jodie portray that more fun silly side in maybe the way catherine tate did when she played the doctor donna .
also in the past the doctor has had companions die or end up in life threatening situations but this season incompetence would have killed the doctor and her companions at least twice over if not for miraculous just in time interventions .
so even if the writers and the actress herself want to forgo that cliche tough girl persona they should n't throw her competence out the window along with it .
d will get the seahawks into 3rd and very long but will give up a first down due to shitty tackling and about 1000 yards after contact .
timmy i 'm respecting your privacy by knocking but asserting my authority as your father by coming in anyway ! ''
try not to merge echo and indigo two very different groups on paper at least .
marcel prime has been in there because marcel alpha works at the oi and they like the get intel about anyone they can .
the reason that baldwin killed marcel alpha has n't really been revealed yet .
why is every post from hamilton on instagram shared in this community ?
i do n't think they do tournaments now that they run nl cash games .
thank you for your submission but it has been removed because it is considered too vague of a post .
feel free to repost with a more fleshed out title with at least 40 characters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/happy if you have any questions or concerns .
msg me for details or to see my drawer .
i take venmo cash app google pay and amazon gift card 5
this saddens me as i reckon skyrim is my fav vr game .
however i do agree with you and want to ask if you have the patience to tweak the settings through a simple 3rd party program and would consider installing some quality of life mods ?
after an evening of doing these things skyrim is a much better vr experience !
check out the skyrimvr sub for stickied guides if you are interested .
they just updated the cockpits for the warbirds 2 days ago ... . ... ..
verlux 's comment is pretty good but it 's too old though .
leafs have been consistently at the lowest for taking and receiving penalties all seasons .
we 've had full games with no penalties called on either side .
i totally agree the leafs deserved all that they got .
but there was some missed ones as well that seem to happen consistently in most leafs games .
when i had my first smartphone i thought it looked good it 's been now about 10 years and i unfortunately do n't find this do n't all that fun anymore .
that jj quote had nothing to do with tlj .
that 's weird because according to your own link it actually is about tlj
asked by indiewire about pushback from star wars fans who decried rian johnson 's film for its focus on more female-centric stories bolstered by the edition of franchise newbies like laura dern and kelly marie tran abrams was clear
their problem is n't star wars their problem is being threatened .
if you are someone who feels threatened by women and needs to lash out against them you can probably find an enemy in star wars .
you can probably look at the first movie that george lucas did star wars a new hope and say that leia was too outspoken or she was too tough .
anyone who wants to find a problem with anything can find the problem .
is it the can you feel it '' prime ad ?
my favourite thing was to make an egg-shape out of legos with one of my beanie babies inside of it and pretend it was a digi-egg .
less than halfway through my gift wrapping and it occurred to me that i spoiled the hell out of my daughter this christmas .
as someone who 's moved overseas and fucking up to here with the cold and wet and also missing my family yeah the feels .
shit if i die before my cat please do feed me to her .
well all the parts that ca n't be donated .
at least that way my body will serve some use other than just fertilising some grass .
but yeah i feed my cat a mix of plant based vegan kibble .
purely because she 's a fussy little shit who would rather starve to death than eat only dry food and i 'm not about to let that happen to an animal i promised to take care of .
except at the very start where he made genuinely interesting interaction videos .
ca n't say i blame him though this kind of content is more consumable and makes more money .
daytime bombing tended to be precise and targeted norton bomb sight at industrial targets .
night bombing was indiscriminate they would drop them anywhere ofer cities with little concern for taking out housing .
well and i ca n't hear anything and neither can my skypee
just in general tho would the tele fit my needs
i guess i 'm just a little jumpy because i 'm so used to people hating on hunting/hunters and the redneck stereotype that is generally applied to anyone who partakes .
edit ok ... why keep downvoting me when i tried to respectfully step aside .
definitely makes me think of you all as snobs if anything .
needed a root canal and was waiting for insurance to kick in .
i 'm talking major pain kept me up all night long at times .
this was during a period i got off the opiates so i was fucked lol .
i would cop a bag and rub a fat rock around the tooth with the root canal and the pain would be relieved almost instantly .
and i figured out doing lines through out the day kept the pain away just the same .
anyways i 'm groovin off these dillys so stay up nodsquad ✊🏻
we do n't have designed plays for him which is why he never gets the ball .
he is n't a ball handler and we never force it to our best player
i see how he could have waited which would be considerate of him and i 'm guessing would n't have made much of a difference to him obvs a guess as i do n't know him .
but i also see how he 100 has the right to break up whenever he sees fit so i 'm not sure if he qualifies as an asshole even though waiting a couple days would have been nice .
but you are definitely nta you did n't do anything wrong ...
literally one of the better seasons of snow they 've had in recent memory .
the media does frequently glorify dangerous driving especially in action movies but ok
that 's a huge fire and i 'm even sure if the vein connects centralia to ashland .
you piqued my interest now so i 'm gon na have to look it up .
they had a tv show in the us that was on a lot for a couple years .
their tv show would later be revived as 2gether on mtv .
your playoffs are in the hands of the browns lol
looking forward to watching you guys in the playoffs .
i just feel way more of a connection with watching cfb .
i still enjoy watching the nfl chicago bears fan but the traditions of the schools and the reputations that college programs develop are awesome .
so again what is the appropriate response to a man or woman who complains they do n't have a partner when they feel entitled to partner with a laundry list of traits ?
i liked it but not as much as the first bioshock .
i also never thought the story was as confusing as people made it out to be .
that is seriously a great idea i never thought of .
the difference is that he will have more health than the normal but will drop more coins
at least oj completed his playing career before fucking up .
bones is fucking up the majority of his prime .
we will never know how dominant peak bones could have been .
he could have broken mm 's record of title defenses for all we know .
i 'll add that majority of the water is also exhaled out .
it 's 01:23 on the 24th here so just sat here .
i got a ton of other exclusives i can play while i wait .
would i be the 10,000th person to say that you look a bit like ryan gosling ?
i feel like you could pull off a discount-celebrity joke if you wanted .
in your bio did you mean to write i have weird taste in coffee '' ?
i personally think your last line 's okay to keep given the context of your bio .
just wanted to add that i love your dinosaur pajamas and that pug collage is excellent
there is an underground sprite cranberry black market at my high school .
the dealers can charge up to three dollars for a cold can sometimes .
i invested early with a friend of mjne buying stock of sprite cranberry because he already had the infrastructure and contacts and ive been profitting 30 a week in the given market .
if you have 24 cookies and you split them evenly into 2 groups ... how many cookies are in each group ?
you would n't split 24 somethings in half by putting 13 in one group and 11 in the other .
as stated previously this would have had more to do with the position of the sun highest and lowest .
the 1 represents the first full segment of 24 after the sun reaches the highest point in the sky .
meaning that noon or 12pm probably started without being so and was entered as the clock was standardized .
heating that part might make it pliable enough that you can get the gun in easier .
as a member of gen z we do not endorse this trash
my best friend got some arrogant bastard and he was so proud of it .
it 's worth noting that after the restoration the church of england began insisting that all anglican ministers had to have been ordained as priests by bishops in the apostolic succession .
before the civil war and the puritain interregnum ministers ordained by continental reformed churches or by the church of scotland during times when it was presbyterian had served in the church of england without any re-ordination .
however they were always a small minority within the church of england as a whole and usually conformed willingly to the book of common prayer when worshiping in english .
however after the restoration the church of england bishops found themselves sheparding a church where most of the clergy had received presbyterian or congregational ordination .
requiring their re-ordination as priests by the bishops served as a useful tool to sort out who was actually willing to conform to the book of common prayer versus who was willing to lie about conforming to the bcp without actually doing so .
i think that hooker 's view that the historic episcopate is desirable and ancient but not necessary is the correct one .
we should continue our present policy of requiring our full communion partners to enter the succession but grandfathering all of their current clergy in without requiring any sort of re-ordination .
as for the church it is defined in the articles of religion as
the visible church of christ is a congregation of faithful men in the which the pure word of god is preached and the sacraments be duly ministered according to christ 's ordinance in all those things that of necessity are requisite to the same .
since the apostolic succession is not even by the most conservative estimate actually part of christ 's ordinance we can say with confidence that the apostolic succession is not necessary for the church to be the church according to the 39 articles .
i think that we should officially reaffirm this definition of church and declare that any statements that added to this definition were erroneous .
next vacation i will leave the country as i do every year !
pictures like this make me glad my range '' is my back yard .
if you full-screen the video you can see he has re-bound middle-click button to right click and right click to f1 .
a piece of paper that says i have a ba in anthropology
course it matters you are playing against 5 star 11 in a 3 star evel.3 is the easiest one to exploit
i agree that national has made plenty of mistakes .
he was standing up and then he fell through the bar !
no you tweet at the leg and fire your secretary of legs to preempt his resignation in protest .
you replace him with a sycophant who will say great job tweeting at the leg boss ! ''
that will make it red even if the ping is low .
i have to agree with above those nipples are just perfect
would look amazing with my swollen head popping out as you kissed it
my friend and i used to get together and take shifts to sleep to complete 24 hour races .
it just looked hella random having a car amongst all the characters .
the roar just look stale and their style of play is too slow and laboured other a-league teams are guilty of this but last season and this year imo it 's noticeable how one paced and slow their ball movement is .
countless times in midfield it 's square ball after ball and almost a fear of getting forward quickly .
they really need a fresh start with a new coach aloisi has had enough time and whatever style of play he 's tried to implement has not worked .
i want about a game about not solid not liquid not raiden not big boss but solidus .
a deeper story going into how he became the man he was .
i had to make a yahoo email account back in the day just to log into youtube .
bouncing from 2-3 and i 'm not facing a lot of jank anymore .
i almost always assume pretty much everyone is trying to screw us over .
can you imagine the scenes when the browns do get a ring ?
enter it might as well just speed up the process
it 's not misogynistic to dislike a video game character maybe due to her accent being kind of weird specially to non americans
i love these mcs about assholes demanding there food before its fully cooked and then demanding a refund when it 's cold .
i mean how impatient do you have to be to not be able to wait like 5 more minutes for a burger ?
it was honestly such a fun film and like i did n't want the fun to end .
felt so connected and it all happened so fast .
i want to visit scranton bc of the office lol but yeah i was excited for maybe 5 seconds then it was just awful .
in my opinion every cast member is 100 funnier better fit their role than will .
thing is even in bo3 you might never see the opp 's full deck
she revealed some of her power to him as early as episode 3 by appearing to teleport around to fight charlotte .
she could have used the same strategy to just stop time walk in front of him and shoot from head on in order to appear like she was teleporting rather than struggle to kill kyubeys for several minutes and let an injured one get to madoka and make herself look bad in front of madoka right off the bat .
also in the early timelines homura had no problem letting kyubey witness her timestop even though she considered him an enemy and in a lot of the side material when kyubey discovers her power early on nothing of consequence ends up happening as a result .
of course it 's technically better to give kyubey less information but he never does take advantage of the knowledge of homura 's powers in a significant way .
not enough to make it worthwhile to hide it to the point that she makes herself look like the bad guy while kyubey looks like a victim .
there 's also the option of homura well not injuring kyubey at all since she knows it 's a pointless endeavor since he has unlimited bodies and madoka could potentially see homura harassing him .
but the show does n't let homura use her powers in a sly way or let her not pointlessly pursue kyubey because they really wanted to make her seem like a mysterious possible antagonist to the viewers .
i hate christmas because i have a heart two sizes too small .
shortly after the credits started rolling they switched on the lights and turned off the sound .
i went to the administrator and told her that there was supposed to be a post-credits scene in this resident evil movie .
she was nice apologized said that they just got this movie and were not aware there was such scene there .
as a compensation she let me and my bff watch last 30 minutes of next screening .
they use polling to understand audience reception so they are not lead around by a loud minority .
it got a 5/5 and an 89 approval from comscore .
this is a recent change i started just shy of a year ago i think he 's just not understanding the empowerment i feel to finally be a complete woman .
all i can do is educate and hope he sees the light .
i thought it was ddr3 lol yeah no you were on the money as far as price/value .
one thing i 've had to get used to is people burning conifers in wood stoves .
i always had the impression that you 're not supposed to .
it 's different than new england in about every important way but i like the amount of public land a lot better than new england .
i miss hardwood forests and a wetter climate though .
you might be surprised how incredibly common this is across every industry .
not even because he 's my ult but i could see so much art and furniture lol .
i imagine i 'd be in a one-sided love type of friendship with onew .
me being the one who 's in serious like and wo n't say anything until we 're laughing reflecting on old memories the day before he 's getting married to someone else .
you know i used to like you right ? ''
other than shinee mx might be another group where i 'd be compatible with all of the members .
i can see myself bonding with those whom i would n't expect .
kihyun and i would bond over something goofy like cleaning but i 'd end up feeling very comfortable and quickly opening up to him .
it 's not easy for me to do that .
either i 'd be drawn to him or he 'd be drawn to me .
i give off mysterious icy vibes and he seems to like that ?
he 'd bring more of my creative side out .
are my sign buddies so they would be fun to have around .
i feel like ive seen your artstyle on pixiv before .
was there a point in time when you drew ibaraki looking up a some bananas on a tree ?
film stories is a new one that i think is great .
simon brew the editor just has a wealth of information and a habit of picking good writers with funny or insightful things to say .
i started it for my first time a few months back and ended up watching all the seasons .
i used to have one and i think mine had decals on it that was playing cards .
just do n't hold the blower directly close to the components and you 'll be fine
eh i do n't really think that that 's major enough for people to talk about i 've seen db as a kid and when it gets brought up its usually about db/dbz s fights and super saiyan transformations ''
but do you at least know that he is n't a dbz s human ? ''
a bunch of adults in that thread sound like a jealous preteen middle child about babies .
i really do n't get why they throw such a fit whenever a baby is posted .
me flashman why your level music sound like balloon park from sonic
i went to the crimean war and all i got was this lousy shell sign .
v was definitely an improvement over iv but vi is hands down better .
it 's really an achievement and should probably be nominated for a grammy in world music .
first time was on hard and it ended up being around 400 .
bc of draymond this game came down to a one on one with curry vs. harrell .
from what you 've described he sounds incredibly stressed and i do n't really blame him .
i 'd separate him from the other dogs and give him his own space in the house to just let him decompress and adjust to how much his life has been turned upside down .
there 's really no reason to think this dog was abused .
he sounds like his temperament edges into nervous/timid territory and that 's simply how he genetically is .
couple that with a lack of socializing when he was young and you get a dog that 's wary of men especially taller ones .
which honestly could be a bit of a worry later on .
have you introduced him to other people since bringing him home ?
i would n't suggest doing that for a few more weeks anyway but if you did how did he respond ?
if this dog truly is a great pyr mix and is very timid and nervous you 've got a bad combo going there .
u/schrodingers_nachos here is the gift for the cousin this year .
print off a qr code that points to this extension .
the scene from the office '' where andy crashes a golf cart 😂
as long as we can get more bits before the time comes we 're good .
i would get in touch with a qualified medical examiner . ''
these are the folks that sign for you dot physical which must be renewed every 2 years .
you can drive with sleep apnea when treated but you have to get through a dot physical and find an employer who is okay with it .
i 've double-checked that it 's up on a couple different devices you may just have to try again .
took a while to break them in audio-wise but theyve been lovely for a few yrs now .
hachimitsu to clover al http anilist.co/anime/16 a-p https www.anime-planet.com/anime/honey-and-clover kit https kitsu.io/anime/honey-and-clover mal http myanimelist.net/anime/16
tv status finished episodes 12 genres sci-fi comedy slice of life sports
tv status finished episodes 11 genres comedy slice of life
personally i do n't see much value in the xamel .
with it 's 500 cost what matches are people considering to use it in ?
it 's because snapchat was completely unprofitable and they were desperately trying to find a way to make money .
so they tried to promote the fuck out of the discover page by shoving it in people 's faces so they could get some ad revenue .
i added you as a friend if you want to trade
there 's actually a bot that puts all posts on review with keywords now .
go find a meme subreddit or some shit like that
and not mentioned in that link is the shoppies union who sold out their own members for a cozy deal with the big supermarkets .
that 's corruption whether or not it 's legal .
we need unions as a counterbalance to capital but can we please drop this 'oh so innocent ' nonsense when it comes to unions ?
they 're like any other political beast and subject to the same corruptions
this is an article about the build we did .
we called extreme home make over tree house edition .
my wife approached local businesses she had a budget of a like 6-7k to build with .
business literally just said to her when and where do you need the stuff and your money is no good here .
was so much fun to spend the week doing it .
not a parent but a teenager who experiences this regularly .
my dad will knock wait 5-10 seconds and then open it even if i do n't answer .
this is due mostly to the fact that i 'm often sleeping or have headphones in listening to music too loud to hear him .
i do n't mind this too much especially because he only opens it a little to peak in real quick first .
my mom on the other hand knocks as she 's opening the door .
read through and burned all my journals a few years ago because she did n't like what i had written in them that fucked me up big time
i bet it 's a little rough as well ?
it 'd be nice to see some backstory for her to elaborate on whatever training she 's had .
it does seem really weird that she supposedly does n't heal at a meta human rate but was able to get up no problem after being hit by a car ?
it kind of feels like she has whatever abilities the writers want her to have in the moment .
it 'd be nice to give her a more definitive skill set instead of changing it up whenever the plot needs it
so ... you just put one on the cat without researching the proper way🤔
it 'd definitely be cool to show jill having to rip away at the shell/mask/rubber to reveal the various kinks the scientist 's did on nemesis before he was ready for deployment and that cover is just to make him look presentable like x. presuming nemesis killed jill he would be ready to put on the market or something
there 's one in minot north dakota that still looks like that .
although i remember the first few days were a nightmare due to lag on mobile
kinda wish i bought mine at best buy instead of the microsoft store .
they said their regular warranty was a year and that they had no extended one .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah buddy we have police brutality everywhere it 's nothing new .
a few years ago the governor of missouri made switchblades legal .
or maybe you could mind your own and let the others do whatever the fuck they want .
i think if the eagles lose the vikings get into the playoffs .
he was king of the one-liners in his day .
as he lay dying in a hotel room he looked around at the decor and said either that wallpaper goes or i do . ''
he was also very bright and had interesting things to say about human nature .
the picture of dorian grey is probably his most famous work .
love the gameplay i almost do n't wan na watch too much since i want to play the game myself hehe xd
every time i searched a name of some got char it always finished with the word death so it always looked like got death '' .
well on the bright side at least the rules however fucking retarded are being applied equally .
this has become quite the thread but i would like to answer your question directly .
a little background i have chrons disease and struggle with food constantly .
i manage my chrons with diet and exercise but there are swings in this disease where i ca n't eat anything without being very sick .
currently i am veggan vegan but i eat my own chickens eggs for those who will bash me they are happy free range and get cuddles and pets constantly .
also i do n't yell at them when their production is slow .
my doc at points in my life has seen my health decline and suggest to eat chicken to fill the gap when i ca n't keep anything down apologies for the nastiness .
my body has been so used to its lifestyle and i had really terrible reactions to the meat .
i went to a local butcher who had happy healthy loved organic birds and i still was just not on board .
i had a tiny bit and was more sick than before .
your body does n't have the right shit to process the meat and you will be on the toilet for a while afterwards .
for the people on this thread who will criticize my choice do you struggle with chrons ?
have you ever been in a panic to find food your body will not physically reject ?
i am proud of being veggan and for the people really worried about the animals go vegan .
i was really interested and this all made sense until i got about halfway down and was like ‘wait.. is this guywithrealfacts oh goddamnit '
the thing about brock turner is that his case is very much an outlier .
yet for sentencing of women on rape charges it is the rule that they get very short sentences if it even comes to a lawsuit .
it does n't feel like a special day anymore .
can we stick mad mental mick from down the roads tweets on the whitelist then ?
i leveled shaman rogue mage warrior and hunter to 120 .
hunter and mage was kinda fun so was warrior and rogue but i could never get good dps on them .
one of the challenges that the card frames solve is that it 's easy to see what a card type is at a glance .
the box toppers from uma did this well by giving the hint at the top of the card and might be something to consider in your design as well .
it does n't heal but it does accelerate normal healing just like healing globes .
your submission found at https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/comments/a960bj/best_dark_elixer_farming_strats_th8 was automatically removed from r/clashofclans because it does not include one of the required tags in its title .
posts should be formatted with the tag included in the title as follows
please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashofclans if you have any questions .
if your submission was a loot post please review the announcement we 're all out of loot !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashofclans if you have any questions or concerns .
to be fair harper weathered two recessions created by international pressures which canada does n't control so stop trying to pin the blame on harper including the largest recession since the great depression and canada was considered to have the world 's best most stable economy during that recession .
and the hawks traded him at the draft that was smart .
but at least the hawks have a guy that tries to shoot 3 pointers 6 feet past the 3 point line so there 's that .
there 's also another one up there with it for 2,500 seals .
they 're required to make some of the end game crafting gear and tend to sell for a decent return .
no but they have the attention now and that 's what it 's all about in the end .
afaik online stores are somewhat cheaper but i never really bought phones from these online stores cos of the lack of security when it comes to warranty and stuff .
i told him you 'd like the ending '' so he 's in the process of completing it .
i do n't think i would describe it as a cardiovascular issue per say but it does look like eczema or heat rash as some people would say .
if you are concerned about it you should see your gp np or derm .
however if it 's mildly itchy and red and comes and goes it 's likely from an allergen like the above poster said .
an otc antihistamine or ice to the spot may help .
if you can help pay my student loans off sure
its not perma ban but perma death your chars just fall in the fight against the back mage
communism looks just as good on paper as any other idealogy until it 's actually tried
even china is going away from communism because you need capitalism to be sustainable
i server hopped for hours at level 15 16 17 18 19 and 20 at both watoga station and harper 's ferry .
never found the handmade plans but i bought them from someone this weekend so i wo n't have to do that ever again .
uh it was a little speed bump in my life compared to all the abuse in my childhood .
wow it looks like something a 3 year old would draw on an atlas with a crayon !
right this subreddit is the only place on the internet where everybody is angry at bethesda .
for the restore from seed issue would utxo commits and checkpointing be of help ?
i looked at the video but do n't see the point .
i 've been doing past life regressions for about twenty years i do n't really need a youtube video on the subject .
you may have been an illiterate fool in a past life but you do n't have to be one now .
thread kind of dumb for me to not consider there is no other switch to distribute to .
you can buy something that will allow that dream to come true .
warr is incredibly vulnerable to kiting especially as a new player dh will make life easier for you
this is assuming the chargers do n't win that division and that the ravens win their first playoff game .
they could easily drop in the wildcard round to the chiefs/chargers .
it 's also assuming houston wins which is far from a given with their history .
julie fast is a good author to start with .
i think that is the one they sold at lowes .
my dad had one and got me one also .
i stupidly stripped the paint off of mine ugh .
about the therapist yes more than one time but it always comes back after a while
about the anime things i already have a group that shares all kinds of porn between each other in which there is a furry that i 'm helping to reveal himself
about the suicide i always give up or because of the funeral thing or because the people that i know see me as someone too smart to suicide and if i did it would probably create danganronpa levels of despair
wow what a load of attempted deflection that post is .
lol we 've had 8 years of austerity based on lies .
you ca n't discount a democratic vote because campaigners lied or we 'd never have had a legitimate election in our history .
there were two votes in that period and people voted for more austerity .
people knew wear they were voting for in 2015 .
firstly the tories are n't far right secondly what relevance does that coalition have to do with brexit ?
the coalition ended in 2015 the brexit vote happened in 2016 by my calculations that 's a year after the coalition .
and then another one after that when leavers start whining ?
i guess we better let the tories stay in power then no need for any more ges the public made up their minds in 2017 .
well there 's no risk for you then is there ?
because it was a referendum decision which both parties pledged to respect .
despite the fact that we 've since realised the vote was based on lies and that the deal she brought back was terrible and a no deal would cripple us but let 's carry on walking into the abyss .
the opposition have consistently opposed the government on brexit .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
it is already answered by either the sidebar or on the faq page https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/wiki/faq wiki_common_questions .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20 2fu 2ffreddievg message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/a94vyw 20by 20 2fu 2ffreddievg. .
sometimes i do 600mg and 300mg in the evening and other times all at once
yeah which is so bizarre because like abraham lincoln took naps too .
i hope i 'm alive to witness its final form of a giant mech .
do n't get me wrong i still want to field the best team vs. bayern .
but i just wo n't be overly upset if we go out .
i can understand using katakana when you do n't know how to write the kanji but the particle
there are tens of millions like this one all over the world .
right now they 're still partying imagine the wailing when they hit the wall
because they are miserable on the inside and know deep down it 's bullshit so they make it like you 're the evil and miserable atheist .
omg what a pc cuck you are making an effort to not offend others s
red basket i would like to shop alone but did n't read the sign
lol square acquired 4 of their engineers so the founders could say they had a successful exit instead of went under .
i really feel like spirits could have gotten descriptions added to them like the old trophies had .
that would make me want to collect all of them and read about them .
spirits now are just art and just says from fire emblem series '' or something and that 's it .
i know it would have been too much to add since it would take a long time but damn the whole spirits thing feels pretty barebones to me .
but i do try to make them matter so i have been progressing zana questline .
sheesh i know someone who did that with a thumbtack !
i guess it 's not that unique after all .
i do n't know but they must be lying there nose is growing .
not to be a dick but it 's kind of corny looking .
that said if you 've drawn that illustration you have mad skills man .
i think a composition of 2 of these bad bois on back of a bomber jacket would look cool .
they pay my company well to ensure that someone is on site 24/7/365 to be able to respond to alarms and other emergencies and i did n't bother trying to get time off because i work graveyard shift and get home early enough that it 's no bother .
also holiday pay is a lovely bonus to what would otherwise just be a normal work week for me .
the 15-member squad for the twin odi series against australia starting january 12 and new zealand starting january 23 is pretty much the core team for the world cup in england that starts may 30 .
the selection committee 's decision to bring back dhoni is set to raise a few eyebrows as the logic given before the australia t20s was that he was not going to be in the scheme of things for the t20 world cup in australia in 2020 .
the former captain is already retired from the test format .
that 's the reason rishabh is a part of t20 squad .
also now with kedar jadhav and hardik pandya are fit and kedar being an off break bowler it will be difficult for the team management to fit in rishabh in playing xi in the world cup unless someone gets injured .
already dinesh karthik and kl rahul are there in case ms gets injured he added .
from the last t20 squad shreyas iyer and manish pandey have been dropped as hardik expectedly made a comeback and kedar was also included to give him more game time .
the squad is also an indicator that till the world cup all doors are closed for test vice-captain ajinkya rahane and premier spinner r ashwin .
the other senior bowler ravindra jadeja however after a good show in the asia cup is in the mix with first choice wrist spinner kuldeep yadav and yuzvendra chahal .
left-arm pacer khaleel ahmed has impressed the team management enough and if all goes well will surely board the uk-bound flight .
india are currently engaged in a test series against australia and will play three odis against them starting in sydney .
this will be followed by a limited-overs engagement with new zealand beginning with five odis from january 23 .
the three t20 internationals against the kiwis are lined up from february 6 .
csm version of life its a box of chocolates ''
life it 's like a box of chocolates—a cheap thoughtless perfunctory gift that nobody ever asks for .
unreturnable because all you get back is another box of chocolates .
so you 're stuck with this undefinable whipped mint crap that you mindlessly wolf down because there 's nothing else left to eat .
sure once in a while there 's a peanut butter cup or an english toffee .
but they 're gone too fast the taste is fleeting .
so you end up with nothing but broken bits filled with hardened jelly and teeth-shattering nuts .
if you 're desperate enough to eat those all you 've got left is a ... is an empty box filled with useless brown paper wrappers . ''
in that case would n't wholesome not be an oxymoron though ?
because wholesome does not mean anything to do with whole or some .
the analogy is that while the classification is correct it is too general to be of use .
if you googled assassin bug '' you would get many species of assassin bug not just the one pictured just as if you googled ape '' you would get many species of ape not just humans .
but i am going to ask my crush for her number when i get back to nd
uhm ... am i the only one wanting to smack this dumbass in the face with a dry hand
his products are really good better than the crap my doctor wants to prescribe .
they do n't own any ark mods and the contract explicitly states the mods would only be used for ark
so taking into account how you seem to have a grasp of the language .
some believe the star of bethlehem mentioned in the story of the birth of jesus was actually jupiter in retrograde motion .
the dimensional chasm sub weapons arrived before world 3/raid 3 in jp/ph so both dimensional chasm and time set were used in tandem for a while .
and when raid 3 comes out the dimensional chasm sub weapons got an instant boost from tier 11 to match raid 3 gear too .
it 's a good future-proof sub weapon for now .
ss good indy article describing the situation without taking a side .
author wants troops pulled out but has concerns about the way it is being done .
my friend bought one true way overpriced but the quality is solid .
the thing that gets me is he paid twice what he normally would for a life time warranty .
i 'm struggling is to why anyone would want a life time warranty on a piece of technology might as well get a lifetime warranty on a 500 mb ipod tech goes obsolete fast .
mate how hard do you have to fuck up to not make a cult in cultist simulator ?
what 's this community 's confidence level that they will release dlc for storymode ?
if so when do you think that would be ?
you can watch the vod back after not as satisfying as having the true interactivity but if she 's doing a makeup look it 's essentially a long youtube video with q a
cut middle of your stock and weld u shaped part .
if your reciver allows replace stock with standard metal side folder and cut top part .
the advanced combat rifle acr was a united states army program started in 1986 to find a replacement for the m16 assault rifle .
under the stress of battle the average soldier with an m16 could guarantee hitting a target at 45 meters but hit probability was reduced to one out of ten shots on target by 220 meters .
because of this the acr program was initiated in the late 1980s to create a weapon that could double the hit probability .
the acr program was preceded by older programs such as the special purpose individual weapon .
after seeing your other posts it seems that you are so more clearly interested in free plane tickets and money than the men who give them to you ...
i kind of feel sorry for you but more for the guys who are paying for stuff .
but hey there is no harm if both know it 's just a transaction .
in that regard i kind of understand your families reaction it not that they are against you meeting a long distance bf or something like that it 's just that they do n't want their son to fly to some extranger who is might or might not be a sex trafficker .
lol i once joined a snd match with my team down 3 to 0 or whatever is one round away from winning .
after the first round i was easily top of my teams scoreboard and we ended up winning by a stomp .
we just moved bedtime back a hour to make up for no naps and we have her do quiet time for a hour also during the day because i need a break .
my blood ai n't that thick crank that heat up ! ! ! !
i start pleading for death at somewhere around 25° .
it is called 'the heart of rage ' and you will find mention of it from the lips of haluk in certain videos .
while i can not break my own nda others during the demo test of a month ago broke thiers and released entire videos of the content in question .
you go in with haluk and his team as a new lancer and try and quiet the storn in question .
the only one they have ever given a name to .
the existence of this massive 'heart of rage ' shaper storm changes absolutely nothing about the world around or inside it .
it is just another instanced area not unlike a stronghold where content remains static .
back in 2017 they even showed us a shaper storm occurence and described it as 'a world event that happens dynamically while your javelin is out in the world '' which calls to mind precise examples of other randomly timed dynamic world events that happen create challenges to overcome and then disappears leaving the area just like how it was found pre world event until it happens again .
they also mentioned these storms are akin to 'pocket dimensions ' which further explain why there could be any manner of content inside one that leaves the area outside one that means to say the scenery archetecture surrounding area the zone itself and the content in that zone the storm appears in ... untouched once the storm event concludes .
this is all i can speak on utilizing information that was already made available at one point or another to everyone .
the guardian has actually been pretty critical of corbyn to the point where loads of corbyn supporters despise it .
i never have this issue with beta product '' .
my phone never has an issue and i abuse the hell out of it .
and trust me it 's either pixels or oneplus all three other phone companies have terrible launchers and bloatware
so it means he was clean and then went doping again .
he needs to be let go from the ufc .
angle 's perfect at the goofy fun stuff this episode has been and i did n't even realize he had n't been on this episode .
you 've done a good job making this episode entertaining wwe .
seeing the fuckin upvote count go up and down every other second was hilarious
i might be mistaken but i 'm pretty sure they patched that out with the very first update because i tried just that and it did n't work had to win three times in a row legit .
oh ho ho ho we got ourselves a chad over here .
if you have ps plus there are great deals every month including two free games for download .
i was gon na say your first comment did n't deserve all the downvotes because she 's clearly wearing that to be looked at drooled over and given better tips .
you 're going to want the optional storage expansion .
but the good news is wireless has been available since 2013 !
you imply that he was the only one doing it .
before every major game launch this is how things have always been .
no one forces you or anyone else to watch him .
the reason everyone was there was for the reasons i stated it was n't for the stupid game that everyone knew would fail it was for him and his entertainment value he brings .
i do n't give a damn what category he is in if you do n't see gameplay move on with your life you are so upset over something so silly .
move on with your life you already stated your distaste for lirik so why the hell are you wasting your time ranting about him in his reddit sub ?
do n't buy anything without reading about it first .
pick one growing style do n't overcomplicate it with additives and crazy products .
find a simple to use nutrient system like general hydro or many of the common 1-3 part systems .
do n't cheap out on lighting you 'll regret it .
and have to up size and spend more anyways .
pretty sad since the overwatch event is gon na end soon
i am sorry you are also having a hard time with being in no contact with your ex .
focus on yourself and the relationships you have that truly matter friends and family .
you are going to be the one to come out on top .
its hard today but you will come out of this stronger .
trump committed two cardinal sins in the eyes of the gops bank rollers .
threaten to pull out of a never ending military conflict that lines their pockets and tank global markets .
i have no idea what this means but i love it .
who do you wish will be waking you up from your dreams ?
total cost is allot lower with the right skills and high int 'about 17 of each etc and 5 flux
you 'd have to eradicate all other life on earth to get rid of diseases of course people will keep getting sick
i feel bad for him it 's a good goalkeeper with bad luck
i am managing a deli in a big grocery and if something like this came along i would still pass the buck along to whoever was my acting manager .
thank god i 'm not in the position to be 1 responsible person at the moment because i would have a hard time not laughing at first about the situation .
so what 's your solution for a 500 billion dollar a year trade deficit ?
just check out the latest chinese fighter it really looks a lot like ours does n't it ?
what kind of world do you want to live in ?
got a 1600 was eyeing this or the asrock itx .
with the recent downturn many are paying over 5 or better .
any company not secure enough to share profits through dividends is not a company worth risking your money on .
i 'm pretty sure this is from a video where it gets hit in the face with a shovel
no it 's still up only the one post went away
i literally have 25 pounds of paper you underestimate the number of handouts high school gives lol .
i was thinking of doing that but all our grocery store bags are plastic and the paper bags we have are gift bags .
i 'll probably just dump them in but good idea .
oh it 's far far worse for landlords in los angeles county .
i 've tried to warn landlords i work for before it happens but they do n't listen do n't get paid start eviction proceedings and end up getting their asses kicked in court .
as conceived in 1632 by portuguese printing press operator andre filipe boxing was a gentlemen 's game in which two men would square off and regale each other with stories monotonous for days on end until one of them fell to the ground from boredom or exhaustion .
over the next few years the new sport developed a respectable following of a few hundred local socialites .
it was filipe 's son andre filipe filipe who developed what he called the punching strategy in 1637 after seeing a schoolboy strike another in anger causing him to fall down .
when andre filipe filipe challenged the then-champion british ex-patriate sleepless bill bishop to a match bishop was the odds-on favourite .
you can imagine his surprise when while he was describing what he had had for breakfast that morning andre walked up and thumped him in the neck sending him down for the count in the parlance of our time .
while it was universally agreed that the boy had violated the spirit of the game officials were unable to find any actual rule that punching violated and were forced to let the victory stand .
this upset caused an uproar in the boxing community large enough to spill over into local newspapers and stirred the interest of many outsiders to come see what the fuss was about .
the newcomers were enthralled to engage in these borderline barbaric displays of human strength and skill and the rest is history – after a few spoilsport schoolmoms single-minded about safety added the padded gloves of course .
today 's boxing enthusiasts fantasise about the newcomer that would rock the ring the way filipe did .
classification of the modern ruleset has essentially locked the punching strategy into place but it 's easy to get caught up in the fantasy .
young scholars with big dreams often enter the ring with their crazy new trick usually a variant of hypnosis .
and though they 've achieved the occasional victory none of the gimmicks have been robust enough to make it to the big-time .
the real wonder though is that andre filipe 's original vision of boxing is still around .
gentlemen 's boxing clubs can be found in cities all over the world you can visit one most any day of the week and see two erudite gentlemen exchanging pleasantries in the ring .
most people only come to watch a few hours of a match and then leave .
but every once in a while you 'll find amongst your elders a stout fellow a die-hard fan who perhaps witnessed that historic battle between filipe and bishop who for love of the sport must stay to witness the last glorious seconds of wakefulness slip away only to return to fight again another day .
most normie folks are n't happy when they are single unless they are guys playing the field and it does n't really cause problems for them .
yeah but if they assimilated they 'd enter the gene pool eventually ''
that is probably the greatest play on words that i ever laid eyes upon
its either pound-feet uncommom where i 'm from or the more common foot-pounds .
the name makes sense ... but it 's just not a good name .
i ca n't imagine the supreme leader of the seas walking up to people and going i 'm the ocean master ! ''
i do not doubt you as the ability to evaluate a piece of work is separate from the creation of the work but how do you know what you say is bad writing really is bad writing ?
food is food and she got herself some food .
this issue was with only having recycled legends and not any new ones .
another issue was with the specific legends chosen vick champ and hopefully soon a moss ... make it much better .
still need to release new legends favre sapp aikman manning harrison faulk smith polamalu woodson .
we are almost to january ... release new players come on madden !
the fact that people were working in brutal conditions for pennies with no way to negotiate with their employers because the government was unwilling to intervene on any level and since any businesses willing to actually pay their employees was crushed by businesses who could y'know not pay their employees it resulted in extreme wealth inequality where business thrived and people suffered .
ive done it before but my buddy has n't done it yet .
do n't get me wrong thick is great bro but why must you resort to unnatural means to do so ?
i looked away for a millisecond and when i looked back she was gone
so my life is being piloted by people in the distant future playing a children 's card game .
all i see is mitch mcconnell without his glasses .
puck raggers and ip booters do n't apply to this they suck lol
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=anyone ever cheated on a partner then kept the relationship going ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
idris b deals a lot of damage i usually try to position my b to hit enemy carry all the time because they will be squishy .
if mid game make sure to get your perk .
ok ok now i get your point but do n't you agree with me that must have a better solution like putting quads and solo so you can play with your friends and solo the blackout is a chaos right now people soing duos in solo it 's really not funny to play
my gen 1 booster pack blue eyes white dragon i lost in elementary school .
i only shoot the ones that look like there going to attack the civilians !
the few times i 've browsed goodwills around here phoenix they were charging the same or more for damaged crap i could find brand new and mint elsewhere .
they 're a ripoff in more ways than one .
they 're good for dumping my old and non-functional electronics though .
haha i used to play those all the time !
i 'll have to give the free ones from humble bundle a shot .
tofu pretending to be turkey is like mcdonalds pretending to be applebee 's
the lead singer for type o was peter steele that 's why i asked .
why do active protesters think people who do not protest are ignorant and do not care anything about this society ?
maybe you wrote that all backwards and flipped it as well .
and the moment you dare to hit them while they do the objective or while they rescue you instantly turn into a camper .
some australian residents and citizens are immigrants they too may be eligible for this scheme .
i mentioned them in response to the previous commenter and added the proviso the kinds of immigrants taking these jobs '' because not all immigrants would be eligible .
i will admit i erred when calling it a job as this is closer to intermittent serfdom .
are their any to the point video 's to explain these things because i look at them almost everyday then i realized you have to know so many different things .
it just seems like it would frustrating instead of a good time
that 's interesting but it seems to be based on a study made on mice and has not been replicated in humans .
i do n't think it would be fair to count it as evidence that trans women are inherently stronger than cis women of equal size .
it seems to me that the original statement about strength differences in cis and trans women is not yet supported by evidence but there is a theory about high androgen exposure possibly being advantageous after the fact
on your point about height i will very stubbornly refuse because it is not a point of contention
you should post more of it id love to see what else he comes off with also great responses from you .
if you have a couple days off this holiday season watch as much of his stuff as you can .
lol trump opens his yap and mnuchin too and the contards ca n't figure out the correlation
why should we put weight in trump or your claim then .
if anyone needs a refresher i think this https youtu.be/yjh-wkq9miq is what op is talking about .
if you watch the sequence starting from when finn picks up a blaster poe is flying overhead and it 's like he has aimbot .
police confirmed the 34-storey opal tower had moved 1 millimetre to 2 millimetres '' . ''
do they precisely record the position of the building to have a reference ?
iirc the sacrifice was teased at tennogen before last and was around august and gas city has a new eidolon that steve has teased a few times so there 's definitely more story content coming part way through the year
what if i 'm saving to buy a house in 5-8 years ?
too long to put in cds/savings accounts too short to go with equities .
if everyone in your industry knows someone trustworthy who has a really gross firsthand story about kevin spacey that is very similar to several other stories and which he has indirectly confirmed in several ways .
do you actually need to wait for a trial ?
i know plenty of people that spacey was a creep to .
and no one in this business needs a trial either .
we do n't wait till the trial to find out if a known mobster is actually a mobster .
the trial is just how we confirm whether the mobster accidentally left evidence .
strongly suspect it 's nothing and just a typo but he put the cancelled event ufc233
that is a big answer to why his fluids can do this stuff .
the diamonds must be teaming with 'life force ' or some kind .
oh my god maybe that is the real answer to why gem production is down on homeworld .
they lost a diamond and htus lack the energy production to make up for it ... ... lost two supposedly as white diamond is utterly despondent
one on pull and one on release is how the binary and echo triggers work .
any bumpfire device does not work like that but still uses one round on pull and a reset on release like any other single shot or semi auto trigger .
also that is n't very nice i was just trying to be friendly .
i 'm sorry you 're upset though i hope you at least get to have a nice day
i used to do a prank at my friends house by turning his tv volume up to the highest level during some quiet golf game or some shit then mute it so when they inmate it it will blast at full volume .
i nearly had a heart attack when i was playing dark souls in his room and heard arbys .
also keeping in mind that confirmation is done many years later than it once was .
dc has never been popped his entire carreer in the olympic and in the ufc for fuck sake how come this crackhead weasel is getting away with getting juiced up ..
first it was the dick pill then now residual from the dick pill '' what the fuck type of dick pill who last 1 year in your fucking body .
get the fuck out of here with this nonsence he 's popped and they trying to avoid canceling the match..
now it all make sence dana white compliment joe rogan 3 days before this scandal and say to numerous journal how joe rogan made the ufc etc '' ... its to control him and damage control since jre has a long reach towards mma fans..
i have a group of friends that i give small gifts to every year .
i generally do n't expect anything in return and often do n't get anything in return .
will you have dinner with your family tonight or may i kidnap you ?
the joke is that this sub makes fun of dwight for being possibly gay but swears they are n't homophobic .
also a lot of times miss saying/writing words that are important to the context
i really hate how we have crafted this idea about high on reddit when there are really just 2 challenge winners 1 real winner and 2 bottom queens .
everyone else should be safe ... arbitrarily using the judges critiques to fit a narrative about robbed queens is tiring
nope my reddit glitches and it says the posting failed but it actually posts it .
i still have this extended barrel project sitting around in my room waiting to be finished
and now that entire life he loved may be shattered .
honestly if it were me i 'd rather not know .
either way sucks but at least i 'm happy in my ignorance
i wonder if you do n't wan na use one of the ghosts if you can upgrade them using the tokens then quick sell the player for snow at their level 87 ?
i 'm early 30s and starting to grey a bit .
i have had people tell me to cover them because i look too young for them i do look younger than i am .
but i have seen what dying does to hair and i am not about that .
i do n't know why they would even want dsj
this submission has been removed for using all caps in the title .
if you believe this has been in error please contact the mods .
our resident code monkey u/razartuk is hard at work making this pattern matching more smarterer .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/christianity if you have any questions or concerns .
i think we are kinda shifting the question to be more equal than it really is .
i think it would be more fitting to ask if a guy would give the same forgiveness if hit by another guy which i would and have .
this question doesnt work for both sexes for a multitude of reasons .
because lets be real what matters more a sense of justice/equality or ensuring your own safety and well-being ?
if it 's something you enjoy doing and have an aptitude for .
have you considered tutoring if you excel in a particular subject ?
if you tutor in the client 's home or online you could keep your costs down .
unfortunately it 's been removed because of the following reason
if you think there 's been a mistake contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdoctorwho .
ate so much bread i ca n't stand it anymore .
i 'm lactose intolerant so cheese is off the table for me .
real chocolate does n't have milk 72 or bust .
this is the one move i will never be able to punish correctly .
thanks for trying to help me i really appreciate it .
i repluged some things now my pc is on again .
i 'm now in overwatch to test of it happens again crossing my fingers that it does n't shut down random during mid game .
the manual says if it 's top left red light it 's the cpu etc but with these random shutdown and booting up again there is n't an indicator .
things i did to get back on again was replug the psu gpu plug and did the same with the gpu psu plug .
replug cpu psu plug tighten some screws around the cpu cooler .
i love uniqlo but for polo shirts i always go to giordano .
they have plain colored polo shirts that are p500 that are just amazing for the price .
does n't mean there 's an invitation to sexually molest them .
i feel like saying duh '' but i think you know these things already .
fuckers hold the rest of the family hostage with that shit .
people who have been in haram relationships should be the one asking this question 🤦🏻‍♂️
i got suspended for 180 days for blasting pumoed up kicks onna boom box while wearing a trench coal thus happened on 4/20 this year
ok if you can pls send some pics i will buy
dicaprio 2 easily had more sonically appealing music than kamikaze while still keeping a very solid lyrical base imo .
honorable mention to vince staple 's fm for doing the same .
love em and kamikaze was good but he can do better and there 's other albums this year that are more enjoyable imo .
even earl 's new album was very interesting to listen to .
so it 's hard to say kamikaze deserves it over some of the other quality releases this year .
i often get compliments on my musical talent but i feel like that 's not a compliment to me more like a compliment on what i 've worked on .
the only time i 've ever heard someone compliment me is at pipe band camp when someone came looking for me and my brother and said they wanted us to come out and join them because we bring a really awesome atmosphere with us wherever we go or something along those lines .
made me really happy and kinda sad because i realised it was the first time i 'd ever been complimented directly to my face .
soon games will advertise no dlc/microtransactions '' just like food advertises no trans fats ''
been using the program the ewi comes with but i will try this out as well .
however lebron is a better finisher and a better passer than both while ad is better than both at rolling to the rim/catching it at the rim .
he can also spread out for a jumper as well .
overall i 'll take the size and finishing ability .
merry christmas mate what a kind action to give games freely may god bless you always 3 3
pretty funny really given that she is n't particularly progressive .
i guess it 's just a matter of perspective though .
if you are near vancouver wa fate n fury has a good competitive and casual group .
let me ask you a fair question what do you do successfully ?
fixed fortifications are a monument to the stupidity of man . ''
please tell me if i 'm right or wrong in the context of groups
a is homomorphic to b '' and a is isomorphic to a subgroup of b '' are the same thing
plenty of innocent people die your wife will leave you anyway eventually and all that remains of your life are crappy sequels each worse than the one before it ?
trust me i said randomly selected '' i did n't want to get called out giving it to someone who does n't need to because of that
yep if you check my post history you can see more of this chunky boy !
pacifist mode should be turned off if you take a workshop period .
you 're correct got my name 's mixed up .
as a swede in love with finland the most important rule is let the non-finnish sit closest to the door as they are the ones who 'll rush out first .
if there are any swedes there sit them outside the sauna as that 's where they 'll end up with their pripps blå anyway complaining about the heat and highfiving each others for doing a proper finnish sauna for like 2 minutes .
what kind of genre or type are you looking for ?
we laughed for a good twenty minutes about it .
also the gamestop was mad as shit at me since i bought so many copies of brink at once they got sent twice as many .
it 's per capita and my god you are a tool
s corporation income also flows to the individual tax returns as well .
the biggest downside to an s corporation is the need for a separate tax return filing and the need to pay yourself via wages .
this means you will have payroll to run payroll taxes to remit and a higher administrative burden .
the biggest downside to an llc taxed as a partnership or sole proprietorship is that all the income is subject to se income even if the money stays inside the company .
it is possible that the savings in se taxes pay for the additional administrative burdens of an s corporation .
if you ever decide to ditch the 8gb stick that came with it i have a need for another couple 8gb sticks .
a korean pro player mentioned that a camille/galio comp is a for sure win .
obviously as he climbs out they just superimpose the rest of the costume on the green screen part .
edit lol i thought what i said was so daft that people would see i was n't actually being serious .
my point was that even if homosexuality was not harmful physically or in other earthly means all sin harms our relationship with god .
i do n't think that you can create a scientific experiment proving that your relationship with god is harmed thus i was suggesting other forms of proof such as personal testimony from god .
as catholics we accept the bible as true and god as existing .
discussions about those points are probably better served for other topics .
you are going to get downvoted for this but i think you are right .
garfield is a genius at core systems but he has not adapted to video game .
so he designed the best parts of this game but also the worst parts .
he is right about card grind sucking in many game but gamers are also addicted to skinner machines and expect them at this point .
he was strongly against balancing the cards which was clearly a mistake .
it feels like the powers behind artifiact changed with the last patch .
i get really annoyed at someone when i ask them to repeat it and they do n't bother to say it louder or clearer .
i wish to roam chernarus like the grim reaper .
then i did 12 about 3 weeks before the half and i really hurt myself .
if so that 's a huge leap in your long run distance 50 ! .
in addition to the 80/20 rule i like to bear in mind the principle that changes should be made gradually .
most half marathon plans involve a gradual buildup both in total weekly distance and in the length of the long run .
guess you have n't watched a lot of car chases .
because almost always the criminals leave a path of expensive destruction injury and death in their wake .
i would n't waste my dna on leveling indominus just to be faster because it is already slow and indominus vs indominis is irrelevant cause the cloak throws off .
this is amazing and very kind of you and the people who offered keys too !
i 'll be opening my gates in a bit i 'll send you a message when i 'm on !
a lot more camming on msn was invloved lol .
just got memories of the windows xp background habbo hotel and msn lol .
bear grylls 's has a huckleberry huck and a marmaduke duke
the nicknames are n't so bad but those full names ... oof
wow i 've never met a woman period who 's even heard of that song !
i need some big chungus idk what it is buuut i need it
their fifteen minutes of fame died after the brits gta 'd their madre de deus .
one guy claimed it was nexus widescreen support unless you can claim the increased fov over a windowed screen or stretched and squashed image is an unfair advantage in what is n't really a pvp game ?
check your alignment do you drift to side when driving straight and take a peek inside make sure you do n't have coyote bits in your radiator or belts .
and of course verify your lights and turn signals are ok .
but it looks like you corner-clipped him so my money would be on car being ok to drive .
the dangling wiring looks like it belongs to the horn .
i 'd duct tape it up and out of way just so it does n't catch on anything .
the mandala the buddhist wheel of life revolves through six realms .
each realm is populated by characters representing aspects of human existence—our various ways of being .
in the beast realm we are driven by basic survival instincts and appetites such as physical hunger and sexuality what freud called the id .
the denizens of the hell realm are trapped in states of unbearable rage and anxiety .
in the god realm we transcend our troubles and our egos through sensual aesthetic or religious experience but only temporarily and in ignorance of spiritual truth .
even this enviable state is tinged with loss and suffering .
the inhabitants of the hungry ghost realm are depicted as creatures with scrawny necks small mouths emaciated limbs and large bloated empty bellies .
this is the domain of addiction where we constantly seek something outside ourselves to curb an insatiable yearning for relief or fulfillment .
the aching emptiness is perpetual because the substances objects or pursuits we hope will soothe it are not what we really need .
we do n't know what we need and so long as we stay in the hungry ghost mode we 'll never know .
works sometimes it 's good for getting the uk to an ally dominate a region you have to naval invade through .
but sometimes you have to do it several times before they listen
do what the rest of us do make multiple accounts so you can do one-man brigading .
how was i lucky to get it right if i literally read the bounce .
i timed my jump off the wall and the flip to take the shot
they all scratch different itches and are all excellent in their own right not to mention super portable .
christ that 's 25 times as expensive as just getting it from the coffee shop here .
how hard can it be to smuggle weed in a place that empty .
i 'd be delighted to share my chocolate with you .
in the supermarket why on earth do people turn their shopping carts and block the path ?
it 's an extra action you gain nothing you lose more time you block others .
like hitchcock was a total scumbag but his movies are so good
plenty would n't call it a necessary evil but simply necessary .
people that are are 5'5 and even shorter can and do have fulfilling romantic lives !
height might seem like a big deal when you 're a bit short but most people do n't care very much if you 're a nice guy/gal overall !
the actual resolution of this image is 1334x750 not 1200x800 .
see this https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f page for information on how to find out what the resolution of an image is .
i know i posted bad stuff about presents yesterday .
i do n't think she inherited the tradition i think she just needed a way to make sure i did n't go out to the tree before she was ready for me 😂
i can smoke my 5 year old and 3 year old sons .
if i did ever play it online my kids would think less of their father so i 'm not getting nintendo online right now lol
where does say it how many players play artifact each day ?
yes i know it not a ult but my point stand it gives you team the initiation they might not have had prior .
there 's been a lot of things but the one i remember off the top of my head is when i was in a private school .
i was bullied there incessantly and there was one girl lea in my classes that was incredibly mean .
i got my old friend rose to transfer into the school with me so i would n't be alone with these assholes and lea would tell rose to stop being friends with me because i was weird .
it 's flat expansive lacking in breakfast tacos but overall quiet .
i pumped once a day during my maternity leave early in the morning about an hour after my baby last nursed .
i 'm one of those who never got anything from pumping if i pumped right after nursing and my daughter always nursed both sides so there was no pumping one side while she nursed on the other
if your supply is okay there 's no need to pump a zillion times a day .
one extra session when your prolactin is high will give you a nice stash and not a huge oversupply .
you do want a bit of oversupply if you are going back to work but hopefully that wo n't be for a few weeks yet .
just remember to pump for each feeding you do n't do from the breast .
i was considering upgrading my graphics card to a 2070 but i was hoping to not be bottle necked by my cpu .
would a i5-6600k oc 'd to 4.5 be fine ?
and by chance if there is a really good deal i wanted to upgrade my cpu as well but now i hear my mobo could not support it as well .
upgrades i was considering was a i7-8700k i5-8600k or a i5-9600k .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like it would have been a really special moment at the wedding !
my only tips are use a heater/thermostat to keep the temperature between 78° and 90° .
also do n't overfeed they wo n't starve trust me .
fyi forgot to mention which game so to clarify in referring to dark souls 3
yeah that is the truly horrifying thing about it .
even if he 's gone it does n't solve this massive problem we have and i do n't even know where to begin with that .
my grandmother gifted me my late great grandmother 's sweater to my 16th birthday .
it still had spit stains on it and my great grandmother 's name was sewn in nursery home required the name thing .
i really thought this was the worst gift ever but after reading your story i guess this price '' belongs to you .
omg i do n't know if anything could top this .
tried but then i remembered i was a cunt once and cheated for lols in 1.6 on community knife servers and got banned .
im still a cunt but i dont cheat anymore d xmasspirit d
the alcohol fetal syndrome symptoms low nose bridge thin upper lip basely got that bit between your lip and nose kinda weird ears etc p
east providence had a cple for under 700 a mo
there 's no 'may ' we do die out .
they provided a direct link to the working version via the steam console see the link in my previous comment .
i agree that minimum of 4 is where this game really shines .
at 3 each season feels almost 2 against 1 unless nobody forms an alliance .
just as long as u do n't mash it !
after seeing debunked vids of homeless people in on these before it 's hard to take them too seriously .
i 'm glad he 's at least getting the jacket anyways but i ca n't stand these people that film this stuff .
i thought this phase of youtube came and went awhile ago but found out it 's still pretty popular
i mean they could just stop the beholder of it 's eye stalks and de-fang it then trap it and use it that way .
if it we 're me though i 'd have it be a lot of skills checks for them to get the eye keep it in good condition then prepare it for the ritual/magics at hand .
as the other guy said it would have a few charges a day 1d4-1 and would do just what the beholder 's eye does for 1d6/4+1 rounds .
raw and rai i do n't think it would work .
no i was doing all if them under 3 minutes before i even found out what the speed glitch was .
annoyed to the point where i 'd just take a nice break from the rest of the holiday season .
breakfast cereal for dinner is not that bad a thing ...
that song is so heavy emotionally speaking and that intro really sets it up .
how long has it been since you 've seen the doctor ?
it alarms me that they 'd just shrug it off as teething and leave it at that while baby is actively losing weight .
you may need another visit or a second opinion .
they might look harmless but they 'll kick your non-chicken ass !
oh gee how dare someone to pretend like they really care when they do n't .
i am sure you have been sending aid over there right ?
could you outline the correct way to store water with bleach ?
i mean i 've also fasted before but an entire week ? !
game is generally phd level of quality coupled with basement dwelling tweenie economics .
how embarrassing to screw up by doing unbalanced in game economic system .
people would have giggled at a realistic 1900 money price system but gotten used to it .
so reset and cause howls of outrage and prob major refunds or band-aid upon band-aid to patch up a broken money system .
if they want people to play online for any decent length of time they need to fix the money price system to a realistic ratio .
rdr2 is not skyrim with magical amulets and potions to influence trader 's prices .
you 're right but it 's not something i 'm worried about when doing the encounter .
posture is also interesting plus aim assist and whatnot .
but yeah it could n't make a too big difference .
what kind of a sad desperate individual spends christmas spreading fake news ?
of course she has orange hair which means she 's toxic .
were you in uni the past year she was collecting money ?
maybe it ' s too late but thank you anyway for your generosity to the other sub .
it 's by far the best ‘83 or ‘84 gold wing i have ever seen though that is n't saying much .
it is probably one of the best japanese choppers i 've ever seen i would buy/build/ride it .
i usually like more stock older bikes but i like the aesthetics of this way more .
honestly it could adapt to grow hair as necessary .
so as long as the base design is big unkillable dinosaur thing it 's pretty accurate
aerial bombing is not a war crime intent is required and just because the one side does n't have the technology to go do that specific thing does n't mean it 's a war crime for the other guy to do it .
are you aware of what the viet minh nva and vc were doing both in north and south vietnam virtually since the end of wwii until well after 1975 ?
he pumped out so much music that a lot of it is great and a lot of it is trash is what i think he 's trying to say .
his prime was great but after 2010-ish he kept releasing stuff at a high volume despite how bad it was .
an amazing artist '' would have the know-how to essentially not release music like rebirth ianahb 1 and 2 etc .
nobody said either you 're exaggerating to try to prove a point that is n't even an issue .
glad to hear as i have n't used them before .
the athletes who say a doctor gave them it are full of shit because some people will buy it .
all these steroids can be purchased on ugl sources online with thousands of places and shipped to you discreetly for very cheap .
they 'll be out of your system in no time as well .
thats how bodybuilders clearly on steroids pass drug test and powerlifters even on the olympic level for lifters .
there 's absolutely no chance jones has n't used this recently .
i 'm not sure what those are .. where/how can i find those ?
fake or real do you have any how it happened
the innovator 's dilemma when new technologies cause great firms to fail
good to great why some companies make the leap and others do n't
the goal a process of ongoing improvement eliyahu m. goldratt 2014
lean thinking banish waste and create wealth in your corporation
data-driven marketing the 15 metrics everyone in marketing should know
the effective executive the definitive guide to getting the right things done
well it 's vary useful for office work so i guess not that bad
i bet your job is a real ... . hoot .
pretty much.. i got 5 on it.. messin ' with that stuffed-crust cheese ''
i was fortunate to start producing hip hop before moving over to edm .
and what you realize is that rhythm is based around feel and purpose .
i know that is a cliche response but as long as you understand what your doing it does n't matter .
so yea it could be cool and different having that halftime rhythm before going into the 4 on the floor as long as you transition well it can be something cool .
do n't overthink it every genre starts with someone saying fuck it this sounds cool
doctor manhatten to explain how your god concept is n't man-made ?
shut the fuck up i saw the meme it 's cool or something
hey i read it its a nice idea im also from india nice to find sm1 indian here for a change
or they sell because they never wanted to play .
my mom wanted me to play the violin to be in an orchestra one day but i hated it .
no way i was pulling chicks with this shit was what i used to think .
your submission to r/christmas has been removed because your account is too new or your karma is too low .
we have instituted this rule as an unfortunate but necessary anti-spam measure .
in the meantime feel free to comment on any submissions in this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/christmas if you have any questions or concerns .
let 's say you wan na tank oryx 's shotgun on a warrior all projectiles do 160 dmg
a bplate warrior with a deca has around 1200hp with a pally buff and a bit less than 50def .
a warrior with this armor would have 1050 hp and 70 def bringing each shot to 90 10-11 projectiles
bplate warr takes 60-70 dmg and can suck 18-20 bullets
70 def goes to 140 so it will take the minimum dmg 24 easily tanking more than 30
of course i aggree with you hp is more important in many situations where def is less important in god lands for instance tho taking 60 dmg from ghost gods is too much for a warrior imo and hp benefits more in a lh where there 's usually already a mseal .
still playing with a ton of def is very fun tanking a ton of shit and seeing hp drop at a steadier rate instead of taking a sudden very damaging blow .
edit i 'd rather rush an abyss with 600 hp and 80 def than 1200 hp and 40def
write down your thoughts feeling and do n't let your emotions guide your actions with regards to anger .
i have a little algorithm that i follow when i have strong emotions
what do i want to be the outcome or bigger picture
4 what will i do to get to where i want to be ?
support your self your mom and your sister by actions of kindness compassion .
tbh i did n't even know there were age restrictions in settings but i was able to play previous games so i 'm assuming everything 's fine there .
also i 'm able to play war stories which i assume are age restricted so i guess there 's a server issue for me somewhere .
are you trying to say us has some sort of monopoly on morality ?
like we 're so special only we 're allowed to build military bases ?
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i will be so pissed to open this card in a rare slot
edit i do n't think i 'd want to pick this in draft even in colors .
do n't think it 's better enough than current counters to warrant play .
exactly what i was going to ask and i think there may be a kirkland 's within driving distance of where i 'm staying !
why do i die instantly with level 3 armor and 200 health ?
both of these questions are questions i have seen asked and questions i have had myself .
if you wan na kiss her move it to kiss her .
if she kisses you back then it seems she wanted to kiss too .
if you do n't wan na kiss her do n't feel obligated to try .
thats not the point of the post its just a display that other very similar games actually got something from the devs .
ea couldve atleast given us something like a non repeatable baby icon sbc or a free untradable 150k pack .
am i the only one who sees the talking hat from harry potter..
but first we have to obtain the knowledge of tragic extant of our relatives failings
i 'd believe this if it was n't for the fact that it would be the worst way to do this effect
try turning off led clear motion scenes are darker when it is on because of bfi .
you can also mess around with the gamma slider to enhance the luminosity of whites on the screen .
you can also adjust the hdmi black level for each device connected via hdmi settings general external device manager hdmi black level
leon 's in there you just ca n't see him .
ca n't bare to play the game to build a raft even .
could someone have gotten a hold of the boss 's phone or spoofed the number ?
btw do you guys remember that video on fb with redlips aspen demo ?
now we know it has been his edit this is the guy who posted it this file comes from 12th planet 's lost usb where died this way '' etc comes from too .
thanks for leaking that by the way you are the man !
op if you can get higher quality wood for the platform you 'll actually be lifting on .
it 's denser and will hold together better plus it will last longer .
when i made mine i used the 50 piece you can get a home depot or lowe 's .
and the logos also a good idea i made one of those as well and used a polyurethane epoxy to seal it all .
there 's a 'creepy old man ' and a 'do n't talk to strangers ' angle which some find a little bit troubling .
so you get 100 match on the first 3 and then 50 match on anything over 3 and up to 5 .
you want to start your next song as close as possible to the end of the previous one but it 's okay to have a second or so of gap .
you do n't want to cut off a good song too early — for example if you get a proc in the very last moment of mb then that 's a free bloodletter which is great .
but if you cut it off early to activate ap instead then the proc only gives you a little bit of a speed boost which is n't as good .
as the other reply mentioned you 're usually going to go 30 30 20 which means 30 seconds of wm 30 seconds of mb and 20 seconds of ap because the songs raging strikes barrage all have 80 second cooldowns and 30+30+20=80 .
we do n't have relatives over my dad is n't in my life and neither is his family and my mom 's family is in another state .
we 're all pretty white trash though so they probably would n't care either .
my mom locks the fridge because my brothers would get in the fridge and eat people 's restaurant leftovers and stuff they bought etc but everyone insists i 'm the one eating it which is why i do n't have access .
i 've seen my brothers eating others food but no one believes me and the problem is fixed '' now because there 's an adult unlocking the fridge for them now and they ca n't just eat it all in front of them so that just makes me look bad
seriously i wish people would just act like rational actors on this .
bethesda is n't a charity they like money and they 're likely pricing things at what 's providing the best returns .
no amount of anecdotal i 'd buy more if it were cheaper can beat the actual metrics they have and we do n't .
hell i might get something it were cheaper and if i could be bothered about cosmetics but i do n't expect any company to build their business plan around my personal preferences instead of actual data .
god that whole dorne thing in the show was ridiculous .
sand snakes get mad about their dad dying so they kill oberyn 's brother nephew etc.. as if that what he would have wanted .
it 's like the writers wanted a dorne story line but then realized that they ca n't fit it in so they just cut it out in the cringiest way possible .
guys newsflash boxers do this all the time to generate interest .
haugen said something similar when he fought chavez in the 90 's .
bernard hopkins made some comments and trashed a pr flag before his fight with trinidad .
mayweather broner etc have made such comments or gestures to rile up the crowd .
i play a shit ton of ab and i have to fully disagree with you on that one chief
ab is generally easier taking way less awareness and being focused more on meta tank tiger 2 h is one of them
also ab players for the most part are fucking retarded so it is pretty easy to farm kills .
lonzo is so trash bricks all the shots he takes and now he 's letting players so blow past by him .
i 'm not a concert pianist or anything but i do play and read piano ... what 's with the treble clef coming in and out of the bottom staff on fall the smell of mushroom ?
i 've been using everyones tips and found much more success at controlling it .
i have a potato pc and to be honest i have 60 fps most of the game .
i used to get 50ish when landing but after they added the last ac software i get 25-30 .
and i spend 1k hours on hot drops and just do n't feel like landing far from the plane so im waiting and hoping that this will be fixed .
same i 'd love to get into c4d it looks amazing but do n't really have the time either
yes but by handpicked that 's generally from the thousands of various pieces she 's got in storage across a dozen or so palatial houses with several hundred years worth of antiques .
so his point very much remains it 's not like she 's wearing a diamond grill with queen lyf across her teeth .
yeah i was just looking to find them for 1 as well !
i have bought from baker creek the past couple years .
it was a lot of fun and a real bounding moment between me and my step dad .
oem version is the so-called modified version upgraded version !
70 of our parts from genuine razer components a small part of the production through the independent so the appearance and feel and no difference between genuine high similarity !
to meet your mouse this section of the requirements !
if you are mind do n't place your order thank you ! ''
greedy and acting strange like a dumb pee pee head
i have no idea why my renewed license hasnt been sent yet and its been a little over 2 weeks
i ca n't trump 's hand is already there .
if you have a tivo or something similar you could always set it up to record the games .
and the actual convictions were for things they did before trump started his campaign and hired them .
or lying to fbi and tempering with witnesses which happened after .
it 's not that relevant when they committed the crime actually if they committed a crime before associating with trump it 's telling that trump has a tendency to surround himself with criminals .
trump will go to prison after he finishes his mandate too ...
reminder this thread is only for serious and thought-provoking analysis .
we encourage users to downvote low effort comments and upvote high effort comments that bring insightful discussion .
temporary bans may be handed out to users who post memes and other low-effort or off-topic comments in this thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nba if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a boring guy who happens to do a lot of fun shit .
my conversation skills suck i lack the know to be funny at random some folks i get long with and they do bring out my funny side but mostly i 'm at a loss for words most of the time .
i 'm gon na stop here cause i realize this is gon na be just a long list of things i suck at .
but it is annoying how little netflix uk seem to care about the content made available on there
this is likely less due to netflix and more due to to the companies they are licensing from .
harry potter is available in south america but basically nowhere else .
when i 'm stable or hypomanic i usually convince myself that i 'm not bipolar so when the downswing comes it 's a big surprise .
and you really do n't want to go down the rabbit hole of locking up politicians for violating the constitution with their policies not after 8 years of obama .
a coach sounds like the level i 'm looking for .
i 'd hit him really because he reminds me of another 'privileged ' writer '' i 've worked with .
niceness comes off condescending and lack of personal struggles can be smelled in his work ... the guy i know i mean i do n't know who this is ?
ah and no one may ever question op they are immune from any discussion of their public posts on this public forum
do people actually think it 's offensive to say merry christmas or do they just think it 's better to say happy holidays ?
not being allowed to come back is a big part of the procedure i 'd think it would have been hard to miss that info .
that guy above was rude but no you ca n't get back into your dorm unless there are special circumstances .
early thoughts kd is going nuclear steph needs to drive like his just did more and poor klay is breaking my heart .
dray with his usual hustle on d is pushing our tempo .
one thing on defense ... can we cover the damn perimeter ? !
ingram is garbage from 3 and yet he 's splashed already
hey i 'm heading over to court to settle something about custody of kids idk if i see him i 'll let you know .
spurs fan here ... please beat the lakers or some shit .
i think he 's drunk and thought he was in r/nba lol
with some passion and a lot of practice you can set him up for a lifetime of happiness https youtu.be/cozht9qafjo
update 12-25-18 took some of the advice from the replies and started applying to temp positions with the state .
have an interview tomorrow for washington state senate committee support staff .
i know it 's only a 14 week position but it 's a start .
been making myself flashcards for interview questions learning about the different committees and what they do as well as learning more about the backgrounds of the interviewers .
drive down a street with stoplights pull into gas station buy a six pack .
it 's probably for the best that they 're wrapped up in using each other for narcissistic supply and leaving you alone .
your sister provides plenty of that while you provide none .
as for your sister look at the bright side .
art shows about mental health issues are far preferable to her being a state senator .
i have an acquaintance with a delusional narcissist sibling who is a major player in state politics .
hiveos does n't currently support grin and they have not made any announcements that they will even for the mainnet launch .
in all honesty it would probably just get digitized and they 'd be done with it it would all be updated and standardized .
i 'm a guy i broke up with my girlfriend who i was living with in november .
i spent most of december at family events barely even got to go home and stayed at my parent 's the whole time .
i still got tons are you seeing anyone '' even from the people who knew the whole situation .
i am playing ac odyssey right now on my computer monitor not 2 feet away from me and everything is perfectly sized and crisp to read .
yes but by leaving it off all the time you 're training your muscle memory even when you 're not gaming .
israel influences american politics on a much larger scale .
yo i feel like shit all the fucking time .
even when i have other people around me i just want to escape .
i used weed for many years to do just that but it turned on me and gave me psychosis .
i have no way of escaping now and i honestly just feel so miserable .
even worse when i have to spend time around my family members who i really dislike .
no one in my family is like me or relates or understands .
they think they got it so bad but they take a lot for granted .
my brother taught me magic the gathering as a kid .
he ended up visiting his best friend in tucson az who originally taught him mtg .
he met a mutual friend that night nigel who was invited over to learn how to play .
nigel moves to new york and reaches out to the only guy he knows my brother .
they become great friends move in together and help me a couple years later when i moved to nyc as well .
found me a place to live and got me an interview for a job i have loved for years .
i met my long time girlfriend at this job and have since moved in with her .
if it were n't for magic the gathering i would n't have a wonderful relationship a fulfilling job a comfortable home and such a powerful bond with my brother .
do you honestly believe that mexico as a country is full of morons ?
i refuse to believe this a real thing and not a spoof
did you make sure you saved it applied it above and rebooted because that 's never happened since i 've been using it .
no exceptions the winner always deserves to win because the jury is part of the game .
it is impossible for a jury to be wrong because it 's the jury 's job to decide who deserves it .
honestly all the sports sims are taking a turn for the worse .
production of meat from birth of animal to butchery causes a lot of water to be needed and increases local temperatures by a noticable amount
you 've never heard of the where 's wally book series before ?
ok but uh ... what about just being a slippery bastard while melee'ing them and adding the use of the melee perk ...
be careful i think that 's the brand i got at first the stickers are very susceptible to falling off it 's a decent cube especially for starters but if you travel with it put it in a safe place it wo n't far apart just a fair warning
i have seen 48 core servers with 1tb ram completely crippled because of bad code ...
had an iphone screen break and took it to them and the screen was never the same .
they do n't use genuine replacements they use cheap chinese trash fact
you 've become the very thing you swore to destroy
if the soviet union could n't russia sure as shit stands no chance .
what if we get multiple colours of beer and multiple colours of gravy for our multiple poutines ?
that 's what they meant by going back to the good ole days
honestly i 'd watch anything with him in it .
i 've rewatched it so many times and it still scares me .
long in earth 's past dinosaur era or earlier the oxygen levels were much higher and there were giant insects .
maybe not the size of a horse but more like the size of a dog .
the biggest insect that ever lived was a dragonfly about the size of an albatross .
they stomp down a large area of snow to compress it and then cut those
p zen crm are my put targets tomorrow.. already have puts on sq wix mu nke amzn chgg
we 've all had those days just got ta move on to the next .
however it appears your post is missing the duration of the video in your title one of our posting requirements rule 2 .
if that was the only thing wrong you are encouraged to resubmit your post with a corrected title .
if you are sure that your post title includes the duration please message the moderators .
a properly formatted title looks like this the fascinating social life of snails 17:33
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mealtimevideos if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a band director and trumpet player and i 'll say that if i were your director i would welcome someone like you in my band who seems interested and motivated enough to contact me .
i 'd be happy to work with you in person or even through email if necessary .
if you can take private lessons there 's no better way to improve .
they will come in time and are n't particularly important outside of pep band and lead playing .
stick to a practice plan and work your way through the book at a pace that allows you to progress quickly but retain the information .
when you get new music ask your director if you can get it as soon as possible in order to begin working on it look up fingerings of notes you do n't yet know .
if you have a section leader contact him with your situation if he does n't already know and give him a heads up that you will be working hard to catch up and will he be willing to answer your questions when they come up .
you can easily do that over email if you are nervous about what the dudes think .
as a side note if i knew then what i know now i would n't give a doodly-darn what the other guys thought when i had questions but i do understand your feelings from personal experience .
do your best and contribute your part to the group as you can without competing against the other more experienced players .
as your musicianship grows so will your confidence and then so will your fame as a great band member .
this is why i do n't use my mandolin .
i nearly severed the end of my thumb on it about the second time i used it the little protective cup to hold veggies is worthless .
it 's a pampered chef version was not cheap .
i am scared to death to use it now .
it is true this is how crewel kits came long long ago .
if you like the design go outside on a sunny day and separate the colors .
the gifter meant well ... but i agree that kits can be a challenge .
noticed the bolstad one immediately haha ca n't wait for their course renovations to be done
last comment go to http dkimvalidator.com http dkimvalidator.com and send a dummy email as instructed .
sell your 1050ti upgrade to a 1070ti/1080 if you can swing it somehow or at least a 1060 6gb 1070 .
it 's not like she 's calling katie dumb .
i have a programming project/test to do for a job interview friday and whenever i make a motion towards my laptop i get this feeling of my hands being moved away as if i 'm not allowed .
this has happened enough today that i became very sad and worried to the point that i spiraled into a depression .
i 'm currently trying to fight it but when i 'm not allowed to do what i want/need to do i 'm just left with terrible thoughts .
you 're the second one i 've seen post about this .
someone on another forum was saying there does n't seem to be any availability for dinner after may 31 .
i 'd keep checking over the next few weeks .
you say it 's not a viable counter because it takes too long to activate .
if you 're in that kind of fight you were likely dead wether or not you had reinforced or got concussed at all .
that was a total different situation and kevin attacked vince .
vince hits aj that 's fine aj hits vince back he 's a heel now ?
at least in a quiet place deaf people can make sounds and get killed equally !
blind people have every right to die like the rest .
also i just finished watching it and had to explain half the movie to my parents so i missed half of it .
i did musicals in high school and i was good friends with damn near all the girls is school .
i bet she 'll want to take a scalpel to it !
i just kept thinking oh man you do n't know who 's daughter you 've messed with !
rbs basically have to either challenge the yardage record or the touchdown record to have a shot .
he 's about 600 yards rushing behind aps 2012 mvp campaign .
and since he only has six rushing tds on the year he 's 22 away from lts 2006 mvp campaign .
i really want someone to think you 're serious so i can wooosh them
plenty of cheap belts on amazon and many of them are cut to fit note you cut the end that the buckle is attached to not the end that 's shaped .
being slammed on the ground was probably better than catching the metal support to the spine at least
you will be able to in a couple years .
opens up in australia today should make a couple million here
for all the money bcci has why ca n't they build and maintain a good clean stadium with good facilities ?
ah i got that joke in my xmas cracker too
while i 'm here i might as well mention the not so well known long arm from gb .
after a gb buffer a back heavy and input long arm at the same time not so useful in 1v1 but game changing in 4v4 .
here 's a sneak peek of r/2meirl42meirl4meirl using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/2meirl42meirl4meirl/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
i also assume op you get paid a bit more for working for public holidays as well right ?
edit added 'also i assume ' because i was n't disagreeing .
i was frustrated with her probing him until i realized she seemed she did n't know what the papers said either .
i think fantasy players would be interested to see how robust this metric is ?
i knew kittle was putting up numbers but i did n't know they were this good .
i 've never gotten a gift on xbox and honestly did n't know you could do that .
middle of the week halfway between winter and summer and right when it threatens rain but only mists .
unfortunately your comment has been removed because your reddit account is less than 20 days old or your comment karma is below 20 .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
if you 're a new user you 'll have to wait to post in this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/destiny if you have any questions or concerns .
i think more than 1/3rd of all players have at least 1 faction complete in toptier i got 4 complete myself been playing since groundforces launch .
a buddy got the brittish tree done in 3 weeks so it isnt that bad really .
it answered my question and it also made me feel like i 'm 5 yrs old .
go heavy mechanic industrial mechanic airframe powerplant if you can .
ask your college if they have courses for these subjects or a reciprocity agreement with another nearby college that does .
those 3 fields are hurting for young guys to take over as the older fellas retire .
i rarely hear good things from auto mechs about their job both in person and online and it 's usually just the experienced guys saying they 're doing alright . ''
learn diesel and you can get in at fleet shops and dealerships for trucks earth movers and much more .
most employers that need techs with a cdl will help new hires get one .
industrial classes can give you a variety of skills that would make you very desirable for places you did n't even know existed in you area .
a p is pretty self explanatory but probably the most demanding safety wise .
forklift outfits are also looking for anyone with mechanical skills from any other field .
many service companies need field techs to drive out to customers and service their end-loaders narrow-aisle reach trucks combines etc .
i 've even heard of machine tool makers cnc lathes mills looking recruiting guys from diesel/auto classes to go around installing equipment across the country .
a lot of opportunities are out there but the office degree '' jobs are what seems to get the public eye right now .
if you do walk down any of those paths avoid the tool trucks .
buy the cheap but decent stuff and upgrade the tools that wear out or break too often .
husky masterforce kobalt craftsman and pittsburgh are all good starter tools and may last for decades of pro use .
most field techs i knew have barely any snap-on mac etc tools since they 're on the move and tools get lost and stolen .
some personal history after years of depression and job interviews that seemed great but never went anywhere i recently took a diesel and heavy equipment course .
a forklift company hired me and they were actually a pretty good employer .
i saw and learned many interesting things while out in the field but field work did n't fit with me or my life at the moment .
i found an industrial mech listing at a major company minutes from home and got the job .
now i plan on taking some electrical tig welding and plc courses to make myself more viable at this job and if i ever have to find another job i can look into several industries .
my only regret is not going on this path 10 years ago when i just got out of high school but everyone lives life at their own pace .
yeah those pesky british spies might go after the sacred pigi caj recipe if we 're not careful .
racism is any form of generalization based on race .
he generalize shady business practice towards a whole race while also forgetting the irony that shady business practice is not race exclusive .
your post has been removed for violating rule 1 .
please include a call-out in the image s you provide simply posting bullshit here does n't count as it being called out .
fast moving magnet vs block of copper induces a current .
this current of moving electrons inside that conductor induced by the magnet is always headed in the exact direction such that it causes a magnetic field which counteracts the firsthand magnetic field of the magnet which repels it .
it is used in electric motors in trains to recover some electric energy during braking by turning the motor into a generator .
jake threw a can of tuna at jayson megna i heard .
the google tpu titan v consume much higher power compared to a12x .
traditional server side learning has more advantages for the company then consumers p
the screen is plastic specifically so it wo n't shatter and crack easily .
seth has immunity to magical fear with anything else except for when he 's in the presence of dragons .
his mind is free to move but his body is paralyzed .
the book does n't say he ca n't handle the fear .
some characters even back in fablehaven are n't affected by it .
in wrath of the dragon king he was upset about kendra being a true dragon tamer and so he wanted to practice .
the author did n't say his practice would actually help him overcome the fear .
you lay a hand on me you 're getting hip tossed .
this i wish they would fix the facial hair we already have since there 's at least one that deforms the jawline
once you run that it should tell you what process is taking so long to boot
thanks a lot i actually learned the basics of inkscape at school a while back never thought i 'd be using it for mapping .
trust a bunch of kids to pick a non offensive song from a genre known to be offensive and provoking .
there 's no way it was n't going to end this way .
looks like the view after exiting the catacombs of carthus
but at what point is it harmful to the company itself to be forced to support such a community ?
it becomes a situation where the company risks loosing support advertising users and many other things due to having such communities on their service .
since any competitors will be subject to the same rules there will be nowhere else for users or advertisers to go where such undesirable communities wo n't also form .
social media giants for all intents and purposes do .
a social media site works best when everyone is on it and thus nobody will want to use alternative platforms since they ca n't fufill the same purpose .
this is why alternative social media sites like gab are useless and nobody wants to join them .
as well could they not in some ways see hate speech on their platforms as slander ?
hate speech is any opinion deemed hateful to a protected class .
slander is objectively untrue information that can damage the reputation of an individual .
he was n't insane ... he just hated jews because he believed that they had corrupted america to the core .
i do n't know what people inside america think but that 's a pretty mainstream position outside of america .
i thought it was too obvious it did n't need a s
i enjoyed smackdown more and i 'll say it 's impressive they had such a great show without a women 's match or becky charlotte and the women 's champion asuka on tv .
ok but i 'm struggling to see the difference .
they are not seen and can not expect to be seen as a good ally because of a pattern of behavior built up over decades.they have abandoned teh kurds before !
as for diplomatic and security issues the wars the us has relentlessly pursued across the middle east have reduced their diplomatic ability and reduced the safety of american citizens .
if you believe that 9/11 was an attack by terrorists do you believe that would have happened without involvement in the middle east ?
and i still struggle to see what benefit any of this has yielded to the average american .
an investment in infrastructure technology medical services or pretty much anyting would have made america wealthier a better diplomatic partner and safer
whatever it takes to make a good song and whatever you think compliments a song .
people might frown upon presets but personally i think if you like it then go for it .
you 're so passionate about this and without me sounding condescending here i love it .
thanks one of the the devs has it on his forearm pretty large
but having to go to work everyday requires a bit of motivation and pride in what you do .
for a lot of people the motivation comes from the difference they make .
i can not imagine that tobacco employees feel that level of pride .
då kanske jag kan hjälpa till jag deltog personligen samt deltog jag också under pyramidernas uppbyggnad som arkitekt om någon är intresserad
i am selling my company license that includes one visa .
if you have that license your visa status shows investor .
you can buy the license on your daughter 's name .
sure let 's take the amazingly engineered suspension and totally fuck it over so the car no longer performs 🤔
unless i 'm missing something about how the bags work .
you do n't have to give anyone presents if you do n't go to any christmas parties .
i 'm also avoiding my 30th birthday this way .
how long does it take you to do t1 and t2 on one of the leg days ?
i barely have time to finish just the t1 and t2 .
i super set some abs but no energy to do much else .
chest and oph days is not problem with a couple accessories .
but good lord you recommend so many on your spreadsheet .
it boggles my mind what people like you do for a living where paying that amount of rent is worth it .
no one can force anyone else to say things they do n't want to say
that only applies to corporations if they 're being considered persons .
the current legal precedent in the us is that they are at least for some purposes but that 's pretty controversial in and of itself .
since you 're viewing this as a moral issue i 'd be curious to know your thoughts on the citizens united case as well the gay wedding cake dilemma both of which appear to be strains of the same problem .
demanding that patreon engage in speech it does not want to be engaged in is not what free speech means .
is hosted user content considered the speech of the hosting company ?
i 'm not aware of anyone suing patreon or seeking a legal injunction over the sargon thing .
people are free to criticize patreon for the decision and take their business elsewhere which is all i 'm aware the idw has done .
i think most dn houses work from the house.. so co-working spaces or cafe 's are n't usually necessary .
looking at this post makes me feel the same way 😍
enjoy your christmas snuggled up at home with your new member and not stuck in a hospital with nurses barging in every 4 hours .
which is why it 's hilarious when people get pissed about the word literally
is it bad because the democrats have been setting policy ?
brought me right back to the 90s opening naked pics on the internet..
ah alright thanks for clarifying that up anyways hope ya win cyaaa
globe and bpi are both owned by ayala so thats easily a major advantage over smart .
man i wish i grew up there ! ! !
my family used to visit there all the time in the summer for free we knew someone that owned a condo cause it was like an investment property for ski tourism for them .
those slides are no joke if you do n't use the brakes !
the dog is like when you watch someone else play a fun to watch video game .
just hang in there and live one day at a time
i feel that way too i talk about sports way too much unfortunately .
my mother had issue with it but i was persistant .
some of the friends are still friends with him on fb or insta but after nearly three years it doesnt bother me .
well as you remember when kvothe and martin read bandit 's map they thought that red cross by the stream marks the camp .
this resulted in an extra march through the swamp not marked on the map '' and meeting felurian by another stream .
the very likely explanation for that is that the red cross on the map marked felurian location and not the camp .
whether cinder was after felurian herself or wanted something with greystone fae realm entrance is not clear but it is the best theory for cinder presence i know since it explains the map misread .
yes i believe that the angels and demons i hear really are angels and demons the spirits really are spirits and the voice from another dimension really is from another dimension .
the more i consider it i realize my original comment is bad .
i literally have no idea how much debt this guy paid off .
athletes go broke frequently and one of the main causes is giving money to family .
i just would n't want to be a cause of my kid losing their money if they became a big time athlete .
ive heard thousands of people say it that way .
i do love milfs u know pardon the expression madame .
well i 'm only 20 not sure how many 20 year olds make 75k but i feel the number is n't too high
even the waste products of the worms feed all the life that thrives on this planet ! ... and it 's not bad actually ''
does n't even fall into the uncanny valley almost all of them look real .
he thrives in an environment of chaos he comes out smiling regardless though i 'm sure he would have some preferred outcomes .
this was my first fighting game but i got it day 1 .
i was lucky because a crap ton of people were just as good as me .
there are no hosts that really matter or advertising that makes much of a difference .
i ate a sliver of every pie this christmas and they were all scrumptious .
my suggestion is wait for something new to come out or save up for something better .
in the meantime a hard drive upgrade could help with game loading times and other stuff so i would say go ahead with that .
olay elaborate on what td stands for and i 'll go do it .
since i 'm probably not banned since i do n't even know what it is ... probably just cause i live under a rock ...
been working well on my iphone x🅂 max rubbing ios 12.1.2 .
halphas didnt give me much page so back to hyde park for me then .
kuro with double tamamo helps her to spam np like crazy .
hollow knight is very fun and has an open nonlinear world although it 's 2d .
great game and i 've sunk over 100 hours into it .
but if they 're that unresponsive then we 're usually intubating them so the most dangerous part of an allergic reaction is already taken care of .
you 're also in the safest place in the world to have an allergic reaction since we have everything we need to treat it immediately right there .
a lot of our unresponsive patients have been sick in the past and have been to our hospital before so we can see allergies from the records .
and lastly most of the time when people say they have a penicllin-related allergy it winds up not being a true allergy .
for the types of antibiotics we use in very sick unresponsive patients the cross reactivity for beta lactam penicillin reaction actually being precipitated in someone with the allergy is 1 .
but if we know they 're allergic we use other antibiotics .
i would n't recommend the tattoo thing for medical purposes in general though .
i had a colleague who treated someone with a do not resuscitate '' tattoo .
maybe he got that tattoo six years ago and has since changed his mind but has n't been able to alter the tattoo .
maybe it 's the name of his little brother 's ska band .
ideally if he felt that strongly about it he 'd keep an updated document in his wallet that we can rely on .
it 's possible to go through desensitization for some allergies .
so if you got a tattoo saying you 're allergic to penicillins then a few years later you go through desensitization and you 're no longer allergic then you become unresponsive and septic and your doctor sees that tattoo they might give you a different set of antibiotics .
while they should still work they might be less effective or have a higher rate of adverse effects .
personally if i saw that tattoo though i 'd probably consider that they 're very seriously allergic .
security makes me nervous for no good reason i 'm a law abiding citizen and i feel better when they 're friendly
have someone put out the litter box water and food .
cats are territorial and typically do n't roam too far .
so prez made himself scarce and ignored kaguya and hayasaka prior to the bonfire lighting because he needed to tale that opportunity do pull off the heist .
he could only make off with the jewel when the entire stusent body was captivated by kaguya 's archery .
now the question is what is he planning to do with it ?
my preliminary guess is that the jewel is hollow and filled wither either deeply personal objects and messages that only kaguya would understand as confessions of love for her like say a truckload of flowers ?
or a fuckin of hearts with her name on them .
one thing i am sure of now is that this heist was not just a snipe hunt to keep fujiwara occupied so he could create the appropriate mood with kaguya as i originally suspected .
god forbid that bus drivers and the department of public safety know how the road should be operated on better than we do .
if policymakers and the department of public safety do n't think we should stop for the flashing red lights then perhaps we should listen to them .
if bus drivers do n't have an extended stop sign at a bus stop then perhaps we should listen to them if they feel it 's okay for us to pass them .
i do n't care for taking the time to browse and choose something then have the site tell me it ca n't ship to my zip code .
kosei hidehiko yoshida and nomura just to name a few .
nyquil because of acetaminophen which will fuck up your liver
i scrapped the first shelves i made when i discovered there was nothing to put on them .
i liked how high impact games tried something different .
sure there were some weak moments but being a huge james bond fan i liked the general vibe of this game .
it 's never good and doubly rough on a holiday .
i just got this for christmas i 'm so excited for that last piece
glad i could help make the connection the song is what made me put the book on my reading list though i have n't gotten to it yet .
it says your friend code is invalid add me 6329 4207 0625 send gifts daily from fl usa
lol your s post is countered by another s reply as a joke .
but then now you perceived it too seriously haha this is getting m e t a
dont let others tell you how your relationship should be .
look my gf went on erasmus last year and i couldnt see her for months but we would text each other every day .
when i saved enough money to buy a flight to where she was at she was crazy about it she couldnt wait for it .
i was normal the most exciting part was getting to see a new country .
i knew i would have fun with her i missed her and i had so much fun and was so happy to see her but in the end i knew she was safe having fun and learning a lot so i just let her have her space and i had more free time back home .
as long as you do enjoy your time with your so and dont actually avoid to spend time with her you are good to go !
i swore allegiance to president hudson for a time and then quit because too many people had the shoot on sight mentality
are you talking about the comments about the watermark ?
if so they 're not complaining that it is n't original they 're criticizing it because it 's from a trash platform .
this guy was destined to be badass the second his parents decided to name him zion . ''
if i 'm any kind of furry i 'm straight sorry pal .
the player in the dugout is lowkey calling out the umpire by saying the batter should have let the ball hit them .
when your girlfriend stops swallowing your cum and especially letting you cum on her .
girls seem to find cum gross only when it comes from guys they 're not that into .
not we '' just you '' and your bad understanding of world around of you .
no one really requires from you to be someone that everyone around you continues to expect '' .
its you life do whatever you want with it .
just try to avoid waste you life including wasting it on following some bad peoples expectations .
do something good for other peoples help them as much as you have time for it .
btw if you love some peoples and they push you away it means that you dont understand them may be at all .
they completely different persons then your imagination of them .
it will show up in some urine tests they have tests for kratom .
a suboxone clinic i wemt to tested me for kratom and it did show up when i used it .
im sure the alkaloids would also show up in a blood test .
i know it is possible but who knows if they would specifically look for kratom .
unicorn socks and objects are so in right now .
they r still trying to make him look bad compared to t-series .
in the us this trend has been going on for a long time .
i have n't seen dogs or cats in pet shops for several years now .
oblivion on pc had the exact opposite issue it had enormous text as it was clearly designed primarily for consoles .
i think it 's just an inconsistency because he could be dead in both of those endings so they only animated the one version of them without him .
it was probably there when i did n't even realise the item shop existed .
i did n't notice there was another tab after the llamas for so long i had max gold when i found it must have wasted so much
i 'm just saying episode 10 what a fun scene to recreat
i like to think i also pioneered dick pics back before that was even a word ...
i could n't imagine how a grown-ass man would think an unsolicited dick pic made any sense ...
joy cheer throughout year the winter merry wish snow is 't is christmas falling the season to be merry christmas jolly season 's joy wishing you a merry season 's greetings christmas let it snow
so it 's too easy for me to find locations there .
i 'm sorry to inform u but ur cat is fractal-ing
more of the time taken away and inconvenience of being on any schedule at all other than making sure their weight is on point the day before weigh ins .
canada had american nukes for use in bomarc sams genie aams honest john ssms and as tactical bombs for delivery by cf-104s in germany .
in case of war these weapons would have been released to canadian command and would be been employed at canadian discretion .
the american weapons '' part was a legal fig leaf to cover up the fact that these weapon systems were useless without their nuclear warheads .
it is more correct to say that canada has never planned to employ strategic nuclear weapons city killers either domestic or borrowed .
y'all do n't get it i was diehard bf4 and the game feels identical in a good way with an awesome change to it in sense of location and equipment .
they should give double rewards to your highest rank 30 in my case since i ca n't check my rank anymore retrieving data
the wedding the first and second episode and the rest of it tracy and ted getting to know eachother .
if you want barney and robin to break up then also show them slowly growing apart over the course of that season so it would n't just be all of barney 's character development down the drain .
but none really managed to repeat the feat did they ?
fraser is threatening offensively no matter who he plays against this season .
you put hot crossed buns next spiced fruit buns on the shelf i can tell you now the spiced fruit buns will still be sitting there come easter .
it 's much weaker than the earth 's gravity .
edit actually they both have spoilers for the npc quests which asmon did none of except for lautrec .
turn off the cellular network ... vowifi will not work unless the cellular signal is below a certain threshold .
whelp deleting the save file and starting again fixed the problem .
si daca da ... poate intra oricine sa cumpere ?
they actually high resolution cameras mounted in the stands on both sides of the pitch .
i did n't realize it was a thing until long after my partner and i were in a committed relationship and he gave me this tip to help me with my nervous chatter when meeting new people i occasionally complement to excess .
genuinely felt but sometimes comes out as less than flattering .
when he told me it made me think back on our courting days and i realized that he 's always made a point to celebrate my individuality.. in so many ways and it feels so wonderful to be noticed truly noticed by the one you love .
my eyes are massive and i get comments on them constantly i am often compared to movie stars by medical professionals my dentist people at the grocery store strangers on the street ... it 's honestly really frustrating to have so many people comment on my appearance and physical features..but the person i am with now also has striking features so maybe he kind of gets the struggle .
in any case he focused on my character traits optimistic sociable sensitive expressive tender and he sought to know me as we spent time together and man ...
i got ta say that really hooked me in lol .
had one of those last night still thinking about it !
it sounds like he wanted to for a while .
you 've been asking for this all day ? ''
that thing about thinking you 're better than people when you help them ?
he seemed to think you deserved to suffer because you felt good about helping him ?
i 'm sure they 'd do a great job of protecting the president !
if you have a dick you 're a girl .
interact normally with your wife then let the other lady work in .
it was just a big publicity stunt to make fakku look like the good guys by saving them .
so it 's essentially dead since fakku is probably gon na force us to get a subscription to be able to use it .
sound to me like you have never had to testify to a court regarding the validity of coachings that resulted in an associate 's termination .
while just about everything you are saying is correct you can be in legal trouble holding someone to a standard that you do n't hold others to or that the individual could reasonably be unaware that was a standard to believe in .
had an issue with discount card abuse and had to provide evidence to a court showing that associates are made aware of the policy .
you might want to look into the term wrongful termination .
just because they sign something that basically says we can term for any reason does n't mean that we can do so outside of established policy .
white monkey show sensitivity and insecurity on toothbrushes um i mean tissue .
50 nic in recurve rda built to .12 at 80w .
if you tried the sweat app i think you 'd love the jillian michaels one .
i think it 's 9.99 a month and you get access to all her programs and they 're very customizable .
i used only that app for about 2 years and loved it .
if we 're talking about guides i recently started the vicky justiz body sculpt one and am loving it .
i was following her workouts on youtube and love her waist ones she does vacuums and they are so effective i see results almost instantly and her lower body ones so the guide is like an organized pile of all of them together .
she also does n't stress on making that many changes to your diet which i like because it 's more realistic for me .
i love both hers and the rachel dillon ones they 're both packed full of info and help me out a lot .
figure out which category is going to suit you then test drive away .
if you test drive more than 3 cars it 's going to be really hard to distinguish what you liked and did n't like about all the vehicles .
also do n't fucking walk into a dealership with a note pad nobody will want to wait on you and you 'll be with someone who wo n't take you seriously .
well rested bowlers low sunlight new ball will be great .
i largely with you but op did n't say heavy pot use can cause health problems. he basically said pot smokers are dumbasses. there was no distinguishing between amounts of pot here .
i 've worked on the show and am friends with a lot of the crew they are truly dedicated .
one of the best crews i 've worked on and the d.o.p jeremy benning is one of the nicest human beings .
they do a great job here in toronto and we love them .
honestly this would probably be effective but without a constitutional amendment i ca n't imagine this actually being implemented .
the current senate leader would have to make it a rule effectively limiting their own agenda and when the other party takes over the senate they would have to maintain the rule .
in a different political climate this would be possible but sadly in such polarized times nobody would attempt this .
beard says highs school dropout ... i bet you are a gay pornstar .
you ca n't go anywhere in the us especially in whatever flyover irrelevant state you live in and fuck 5 different chicks from various countries all for under a grand .
you keep on hitting the gym and gaming for these beat american chicks though hoss .
or start saving now for her legal fees from the divorce .
yea well that fat shit was hogging all the prime real estate .
am i the only one here who was trying to figure out how all three were related ?
i swear they look like they could be siblings ! !
i 'm okay with all the people behind the push for renewables becoming obscenely rich if we save this freaking planet in the process .
with our economic system people becoming rich off renewables etc .
is the best way to actually see some progress .
the mcg is so big that even finch and rohit standing together wo n't be able to cover it .
it 's 6 am and i am getting ready for work the do n't murder your wife part made me laugh thank you !
i 'm not sure who people would hate to meet more
the jack frosts are worth far more than any other item in the event shop .
everything else can be obtained elsewhere but the jack frosts are event-exclusive .
it 's likely they 'll never be available again .
i looooove b99 but their intro song is ear piercing .
those shows with cold openings loud themes are rough on netflix lol
i got banned from r/theearthisflat for simply stating my opinion about their views
it 's quite clear this individual has a doctor of philosophy in wingnut studies .
i heard he did his residency at saint fuckwit 's forgettial .
so you think they 'll create a new desktop os or it will be there end ?
is he just supposed to bring his bf to dinner ?
i have 5 mcdonald 's restaurants within 2.5 miles of me .
i dig mcdonald 's but damn that seems unnecessary .
my strategy as a kid was to team up with the less skilled players against the best one .
then give them a close match once the skilled player was defeated so they would be likley to assist me again .
never lost against my group of friends that way .
i wonder if they realized how cheap i was being lol
you 're redoing the 2017 draft which by the fourth dimension of time means you redo the 2018 draft eventually .
i 'm sorry but the browns do n't have mayfield in this alternate timeline .
i wish i did n't relate to this whole post so much and i wish i could give you gold .
grow up and then you will understand mixed families .
most of us have them and it 's not a big deal as long as everyone tries to get along .
i was thinking of putting it on that subreddit lol
i 'm in the process of doing pretty much what you 've laid out here .
she texted me on thanksgiving and i did n't respond which might have prompted this bizarre card situation to begin with .
my dad is no saint either and they are both on the chopping block and neither are allowed in my home ever again .
i posted more info about the situation in a comment down in the thread .
bob won but derrick put up a good fight .
if derrick were up against a different queen she might 've won tbh .
maybe have the speaker 's voice actor come back and have him read the lore cards ?
it would n't be as good as having the lore card 's subject narrate but it 's still be awesome and cheaper .
this made me realize that i used to always cry or tantrum when my dad yells at me i just do n't rlly do anything but with my mom i get more effected or try to please her since she 's treated me better then my dad
finding your way in to wrecks takes a little practice and patience .
always carry a repair tool and a laser cutting tool .
some doors you can open with your bare hands some have to be cut and others have a broken panel next to them that has to be repaired to be opened .
sometimes the only way in to a wreck is from a vent on top or on bottom .
i 'd look at the top bottom and 'behind ' that one .
vents can be really hard to see without light and some of the larger wrecks i 've spent minutes circling them to find all the entrances .
my only excuse was it was late at night and i panicked as i was writing it fast to get in first ...
unfortunately it is out of ripples control and they are doing what they can with lobbyists etc o
i 'm sure they would of still had people wanting to fuck them
sorry u/oceanic_shmoo your submission has been removed from r/softwaregore for the following reason
this means they display a major error that is obvious to an average user .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsoftwaregore subject=request to review my submission message=my submission was removed by a moderator .
i would like some clarification. 0a 0ahere 's the relevant information for my post 0a 0atitle captcha thats not a bus 0a 0apermalink https www.reddit.com/r/softwaregore/comments/a9xcqi
we reserve the right to ignore modmails which are clear that you have not read the rules and wiki .
stop turning this sub into the rest of reddit .
i know a lot of people like him on this sub but i just ca n't like him at all .
i hate when the office becomes too absurd and robert is basically 100 absurd .
it 's also kind of awkward to live in a house with someone who rejected you do n't you think .
you 're right he has n't killed anybody yet while driving drunk .
we should wait until he does and then say it 's a problem .
if you 're driving from houston to san diego the halfway point is in texas .
since there are so many miserable posts of newbies failing early on i can only give you one advice .
never disenchant anything except its golden a duplicate or nerfed .
if it makes you feel better a few probably only did it to get over you .
do you guys think that i sell him now or wait for the first leg against manchester utd ?
i 've visited la a few times and conveniently survived on buses and light rail .
when you 're on holiday you 're not in a hurry .
the trial is unlimited play time but capped to level 35 .
give the game a try and if you like it redeem the code once you 're level 35 .
there 's no disadvantage to waiting to redeem the code until 35 except if you really want your character to be au ra race locked to heavensward .
toto i have a feeling that kansas is not in me anymore ''
i used to do the same out of habit .
the wife and i got a pup recently even though i 'm allergic to the saliva .
totally possible to manage with the two of us but the amount of hand-washing is insane especially to prevent cross-contamination .
you have to manage what is ok to be contaminated '' do n't allow them on the couch and never in the bedroom etc .
note that this likely does n't work out well if not all house members are vigilant regarding what/who can be touched and truly respect there 's an allergy to be considered 24/7 .
the one whose late lazy and slacks to understand good work ethic and that their actions affect everyone else and if they wanr this job that should act like it otherwise be replaced
few days back i posted an analysis of the evolution of lp 's music over the years .
in this post i talk about mood-based listening by analyzing the general mood '' of lp 's albums .
analysis was done using python and spotify 's api .
i see cncpts copied your photo for the ikhet .
realized i might of had a problem two years back .
created a new rule to help solve it no booze in the house .
having groceries delivered also helps as you are not tempted when passing that part of the grocery store .
cut your losses because of the way men and women age you 're going to be able to find some one like her for the next 10/15 years assuming you make money and do n't let yourself go .
from an objective sense you have the much stronger hand unless she 's just wayyy outta your league .
which women generally do n't like so she 's probably not .
as you get more money you can move up .
she ca n't go back to being a young and pure virgin lol .
do n't talk to her why waste your time ?
you 'd think they take a hint from the fandom and do a deadly sins runway
is this even a real person or a character someone created entirely in photoshop ?
if that 's a real guy i 'm sad for him .
this subreddit is for conversation you being bored is n't what we would consider a conversation starter .
you may want to try browsing the other new threads r/casualconversation/new to have conversations with others or our front page r/casualconversation .
both of which will do a great job of relieving your boredom !
if you have any questions or concerns feel free to send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcasualconversation subject=i 20have 20a 20question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/casualconversation if you have any questions or concerns .
for sure i 'm looking to spend around 900-1000 but use those loosely id be willing to spend a bit more if i need to .
as for what i 'm going to be using it for i do n't have a super steady income to be able to buy lenses often so i am wanting something that will be a sharp well rounded lens that i can use in many different scenarios .
i would say that i take portraits the most so maybe a prime lens would work best ?
however i go out on shoots for fun all the time so i do n't want to just be limited to a lens specifically bought just for portraits if that makes sense ?
apparently some people have lions and tigers as pets .
https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=f1-zpavahye they seem safer than the average pitbull to me but that might be because they 're used to all the people in that video .
klara shook her head she did n't know how to express herself .
i thought i did but now you were talking about me being so beautiful and alone with the necklace and ... '' klara took a deep breath .
i do n't feel like a woman i still feel like a kid .
but mostly i just wanted to be your friend ...
i feel too young to be married i have n't even flowered yet . ''
but klara did n't say that last line she thought that would be going too far .
the us can produce about 40 of the oil it consumes but we still need to import 60 for domestic use .
only our dependence is down but it 's far from zero .
look on a couple of youtube channels you should be able to find first two months free or 3 months for 99 cents on draw with jazza 's channel .
if you ca n't find one i think i found a promo code in my inbox .
be careful and do n't get yourself into too much debt if there will be a slow return on your investment .
try to get funding any way possible openly communicate .
they know you 're a student without an income so they expect this .
see if there are assistantships based on work i.e .
housing/student activities that will give you a stipend and tuition discount .
do n't wait because it will all be gone .
the only place i saw complaints was here because it did n't sound like a preview of untrue from 11 years ago .
can i trade your oddish and sandshrew for bellsprout and pinsir ?
i can also help with trade evo since i need it as well haha
because i genuinely have a burning hatred for humanity in my heart thats pushed me away from my friends and family and i really dont give a shit because the only part of my head that feels bad about it is the pathetic human part anyways .
oh well guess ill just smoke another bowl or 10 and forget about it till i eventually take a nap in the garage with the generator running but im probably to scared to do that at least for another few years
i was going to comment in irish then realised i 've forgotten the entire language since i left secondary school .
it 's stupid but does it really change anything ?
afaik only players really use unarmed attacks monsters attacks are always natural weapons instead so heavy armor master apply .
even if your dm decide to be a dick and use unarmed attack to counter '' ham they will likely deal less damage than using any kind of weapon they have only d4 weapons will deal less since their average damage is 2.5 .
i make a nice meat gravy and top with parm and mozz .
gravy has 4 net carbs per serving and is delicious .
supposedly coming with actual story content and a variety of mobs for solo group raid hunting .
i think that it is just matter of time regarding that issue .
a few years ago a german car magazine showed a red ferrari on the cover with the caption der fahrtwind ist rot ''
he does n't care if you hate him and he does n't care if you do n't .
like most syfy shows season 1 is very bland and uninteresting but it gets so much better over time .
as a reminder battlestar galactica did n't properly start until its last s1 episode and it is regarded as one of the best shows ever created .
the expanse is absolutely mind-blowing and keeps getting better every season .
the app does n't execute on my windows machine .
i have tried exe setup and also extracted from zip but neither of them seem to execute
was 643 by the end of the day when scourge came out .
b if you 're a new player to forsaken do n't do iron banner for powerfuls your time is better spent elsewhere .
if you want the armor iron banner will be back two more times this season .
you did that on purpose you 're an artist .
there 's quite a long time between the dog initially going into the hole and being helped
same here same player carvajal rest is useless except for sbc 's
when there is nothing left there is no belief left either .
i will just mention the tgv and channel tunnel though the latter was a joint france uk operation as examples here of pretty good french engineering
the climate scientist guy up there says we 've run into these issues before well yes and no .
before we ran into these issues we showed the world through science and innovation that we could stop using lead and cfc 's .
this time around they are n't even admitting it 's a problem so there is no point in trying to come up with a costly solution .
and every politician in north america agrees that a little cash in the pocket now is better than some air in their grandchildrens lungs later .
i 'm surprised there was so much of a jump in september
i played beta but it was n't worthwhile investing any sort of time in a game that still had a wipe coming including watching others .
my second order of business as mod is to institute a policy of until the ticats win a grey cup they are not allowed to trash the vastly superior eastern teams '' .
this shall be rule 8 in the sub ... ...
august is coming and it is bringing chants of northside sucks .
that 's perfectly acceptable and does n't make you look like a jerk .
ye play the full map and get an a i dare you you dont have to fc it bruh just get an a
please resubmit r/market76/submit your trade or trade-related post with the correct format detailed here https www.reddit.com/r/market76/wiki/format .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/market76 if you have any questions or concerns .
i tend to go to the publix that is generally empty fully stocked and i know where everything is so i can be done in no time .
they send me emails telling me that you most go to x y z location as it effects inventory if you do n't stop doing this you will lose access to the service '' bs emails .
tip.22 cents in the app and then just cash tip upon delivery .
shopper earns more/while customer is n't effected by having to tip more
customer gets a good service as they will see the freedom 0.22 and knows you are part of the resistance
came to the comments to see how much because im a lazy peice of shit apparently .
i saw an old one of these long since out of use about an hour outside of riyadh and there were still the funnelled shapes in the rock hard sand .
the hole were literally just left approx 3 metres squared and 15 metres deep with nothing roped off at all .
insanely dangerous you could easily drop a car in there as it was just in the middle of the desert .
otherwise my skin is and was clean a few blackheads but that 's it .
he was old and probably worked in this little office his whole life .
he told me not to use any mouisturizers nothing .
my skin is sensitive and can get dry especially in winter .
give him to a shelter not sure why u have to put him down .
if you do have to tho to make you feel better you kill thousands of pigs cows and chickens yearly who are just as intelligent and have a similar emotional range .
if someone murdered a child and people were like wtf ! ? ''
and you responded nah chill bro it 's ok i 'm going to eat him '' that would be viewed as absurd .
if the dog is putting you or your family at risk he is a danger to you guys and family comes first .
if he seriously hurts anyone you will have a guilty conscience i 'm sure .
if the increase in gdp and worsening inequality are anything to go by no one does crony state capitalism as well as the chinese .
what if you use an nvme on a pcie m.2 card that you plug on the x16 pcie slot .
i think in that case you can make advantage of full speed .
that of course if you only have 1 gpu .
yeah do n't listen to this sub it 's full of bigots of all sorts especially racists .
i doubt you 'll get a good discussion out of this from people who do n't understand what it 's like to be discriminated against
do n't take this the wrong way ... but it kinda looks like you 're trying to summon satan .
in our latest community update we take a look back at 2018 before we head into the new year bit.ly/2eqj3ux
stieglitz says atlas will likely be in early access for two years or longer .
it will not have any paid dlc or expansions because the world of atlas is obviously going to grow but it should grow for everybody . ''
to help cover the cost of development though atlas will eventually add cosmetic microtransactions before leaving early access .
the idea at this time is that players will be able to buy outfits and decorations but in-game methods will be available to grind '' for these items .
and though atlas only costs 30 right now it will eventually cost 60 when it leaves early access .
you 're getting errors cos connections connect faster than they drop .
i 'm not american so your argument is invalid .
sticking to one type of english would just make it easier for everybody to understand each other
so i got the pd wallace and am just curious if i should try to sell him for around 60k my 40k on stock to buy d pippen ?
or are there any other good diamonds to pick up since i wo n't be needing wallace bidged balling already have d gilmore and he 's pretty much the same
the little friend giggled surely because they know where babies come from ''
i made an effort to eat more fruits and it 's really working out for me .
i recommend fruits and veggies unless you have some medical issue that would make that a problem .
i think that 's pretty obvious and it 's not because they like looking over their shoulder every 5 seconds .
despite it 's one glaring issue 3pp brings more to the game than just having 1pp .
you get to look at your character and see him progress and grow as a survivor from the perspective of a spectator rather than the survivor himself .
you can create cinematics and it just makes the game feel more ...
not sure of a better way to put it .
the better positional awareness makes you feel more safe .
it 's for these reasons that i really do n't hate 3pp i just do n't like the kind of cheap gameplay it promotes .
i 've actually been playing a lot of 3pp lately and would play it exclusively if i did n't always feel like i was at the whim of some asshole spying at me from behind a fence .
being able to switch between 3pp and 1pp is obviously better than just being stuck with one .
also it really show how childish you are that you downvote my every reply simply because i do n't agree with you .
we 've got a real problem now with idiots being extremely easy to manipulate over the internet .
they 'll then manipulate each other because they 're idiots .
if anyone thinks climate change denial would even be a thing without huge billion dollar corporations and their sponsors/interested parties peddling bullshit ... actually you 'd probably be right because some people are just retarded .
but anyway it 'd be less of an issue .
are we really grooming our teens to be strippers this early ?
i once used my own name in bb and it felt wierd so i would n't do that .
some names just fit the mc right according to me .
i dont unserstand that logic though ... thats legit openly saying i fucken heartless and dont care about other humans . ''
i have been to the hospital once in the past 5 years and all i got was std meds .
i am happy i am healthy and dont need to go go the doctors often .
the peace of mind i get from free health care out weighs any cost in taxes .
i can go to the hospital get scanned blood tested given meds and leave .
yeah but is that only for a person or could it be a work of fiction ?
i know we have heros from stories that manifested but would modern literature be possible ?
like could superman be a servant or could we summon stan lee and give him the power of all the avengers ?
damn who would 've thought that doing something over and over again makes you better at it
that would make sense if the weapons were comparable but they are n't .
i do n't think switching up weapons for fun '' follows if they 're just less fun to play with the smg definitely needs to be buffed before it becomes a viable alternative to the shotty .
waiting outside foot locker to try and buy yeezys tommrow
changing the temperature of the home climate control is a thing that dads stereotypically hate
christmas is such a juggernaut at least in the us that even orthodox jewish kids struggle to resist the authority of santa claus .
i do have some international stuff but not sure if i have anything that fits .
i predict 2019 will be pretty much the same as 2018
among the prisoners there are some so ragged and liceridden that they pose a sanitary danger to the rest .
these prisoners have deteriorated to the point of losing any resemblance to human beings .
they collect orts refuse and according to some prisoners eat rats and dogs .
i know what to name my next skyrim character now ❤️
poe 's law is in full effect lol ... the start and the end were plausible enough for a christmas troll but op was kind enough to make it obvious in the middle .
iirc lotus orb is also missing as item and something wrong with the stats of urn .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rarepuppers if you have any questions or concerns .
just like there are some good people there are some good companies .
you 'll have to use your own judgement on this .
hey mate did you find a way to upload it ?
i just got back from checking my still up in the mountains .
i 'm about to fuck my sister here before bed .
til that some places have raised reflectors on the road surface .
presumably these are places that do n't have to worry about snow plows ripping them up in the winter .
was expecting that they held off on sending it because they wanted to include the scholarship letter but nope .
how did they write the entry for scp-2521 without getting ta
all you can do now is make the most of the time you both have together .
your growth is spread all over the upper lip so it means that when it grows it will be a thick one .
reservations are a pointless stat now since you do n't need them anymore .
i 'm sure a bunch got canceled after the delays or from buying an s or x .
now that the ramp is meeting demand the only number that matters is sales .
as for this endless demand '' it 's a silly thing one way or the other because customers are n't finite .
ford has been in business for 115 years and their demand has n't dried up .
5k a week for both europe and us is not a crazy amount .
hell they still have n't run a single tv ad .
if they had demand issues they would be fishing for more customers .
i know this is a cute story and something that kid will remember forever and great on both the panthers and cam .
but i hate how they ask for a signed jersey it was n't even asking for a picture or short video from cam but asking for a jersey .
i 'm probably just being cynical but it just does n't sit completely right with me
gymnopilus is the one growing around here according to shroomery looks like them on the pictures found also .
the post-476 eastern romans with their extraordinarily well-equipped military-administrative complex were actually able to train regular sedentary farmers and soldiers into highly skilled lancer-archer hybrids
the romans were using lance-and-bow warfare as early as the late 4th century .
aetius was the first to employ it truly en masse despite the common attribution to belisarius .
aetius employed large numbers of alans in the professional roman army as professional soldiers who carried the practice over in the west .
it was probably also adopted in the east at this time as the east was also utilizing large numbers of alans for their military as evidenced by the significant number of alanic generals aspar ardaburius possibly even aetius ' father gaudentius .
but this took massive sustained investment in training and when byzantium came under strain during the rise of the caliphate they abandoned these efforts
the east never abandoned this and it in fact remained the standard .
the theme '' system was not a military-administrative complex of soldier-farmers .
it was a method of funding and equipping military recruits by families that made under 3 nomismata per annum by banding together into groups and allowing the community as a whole to supply the limited number of soldiers it could afford to raise .
this was a practice that actually originates in a law passed by valentinian ii and valens in 376 in the codex theodosianum and was actually implemented by charlemagne first and then by nikephoros i in the subsequent year 809 in the reconquered sklaveniai greece .
the association of the old roman field armies with specific regions of anatolia remains uncertain .
it is known that they continued to be professional armies and that the whole stratiotika ktemata system of hereditary military lands which should probably actually be associated with the pronoia not the themata was unaffiliated and not even introduced until probably the reign of konstantinos vii porphyrogennitos and his de thematibus .
i have surmised that the system used to pay foederati in the western roman empire was used to pay and maintain the roman field armies during and after the events of 636-662 but there is n't enough evidence to prove that .
my wife got me a nintendo switch a few weeks back on my birthday along with zelda and overcooked 2 to play together .
just last week i got my wife stardew valley so she can play switch alone .
she 's so into the game that she wo n't give my switch back ... ... .
i wish someone had told us that when we got our dog .
we let him go a little too long and now there 's only so short we can get them .
we 've had multiple single-day rallies since october followed by consecutive days of drops .
if anything that signals this wo n't hold even more .
as smart as that is that could also be illegal taking '' stealing '' company data etc .
i read it the other day on this subreddit from another comment and thought the same thing
thanks buddy can you smash that up vote for me
describing someone by their race the same way we do with height hair color gender eye color clothing personality and almost any other attribute .
once you know the probability the wire will hold 90kg the distribution of the maximum load of the wire does n't actually matter .
the question is asking about the number of successes out of a number of attempts so the binomial distribution applies .
thank you so much for your valuable time hope your year ends fantastically !
im aware they can go down easily if youre lucky .
what you seem to refuse to admit is that they can be hard for a solo player in many situations .
if you dont have just the right cannonballs and cant catch them off guard its an uphill battle .
sometimes they catch you off guard or come out of the water during a meg battle .
its completely different if youre stocked up and going to hunt one down .
but why the hell would i add you to see that ?
old tired unfunny jokes '' and reddit are never going to break up .
independence day using fighter planes as your first wave of attack against a city size ship that is n't moving .
in the us people never experienced that so it is hard to imagine how incredibly smooth it is .
there is also virtually no noise not even wind noise .
it 's polite to reply because it 's a question .
but i honestly did n't understand the question you mean was the sword inspired by the two heroes ?
it is also very easy to find because it feels like the root of the penis ''
i meant to say will not be used over wifi .
also i always was under the impression when playing to a device not located on the local network which i referred to as remote play plex automatically engaged a transcoder .
i have been reading up on direct play compatible 4k apps/devices so thanks for the advice on investigating the media formats .
pilot comes to mind for jobs that might fire you for lying on your resume .
i was really young when i saw coraline the button eyes made me have nightmares for months .
gurley is still the top 1 or 2 asset in a 2qb .
given that pilot wave theory is a thing i 'm not the only one who is uncomfortable with quantum indeterminacy .
but what if i become a celebrity one day day and people decided to say it 's rewind time ! '' .
all jokes aside nah i wo n't delete it .
they are very much similar in regards to illegal immigration and border security .
hibiki an has yearly limited releases that sell out pretty quickly competition grade gyokuro and sencha which is really good .
i know you mentioned in another comment you look for dates they do n't have dates other than their competition tea but i can vouch this place is really fresh .
yes-either long-haul international or some short/medium-haul using long-haul aircraft to increase aircraft utilization between long-haul flights .
many domestic and short-haul/regional first or business in other countries have regional configurations that are for shorter flights .
sites such as seatguru https seatguru.com will have seatmaps for the various plane configurations of many airlines so you can compare the seat maps for specific flights online to see what product you 'll actually be getting .
if you think about it there is less demand for things such as lie-flat seats for flights such as cmh-clt and much more demand for those amenities for longer flights where comfort becomes more important .
the trip reports you 've seen for these fantastic products probably are for longer flights .
since this is n't directly related to churning there are other resources such as flyertalk https www.flyertalk.com with general forums and forums specific to each airline in addition to fantastic trip reports about many airline products and without all the shilling the blogs do .
there are a number of airlines that offer a true long-haul first product such as ana jal cathay pacific singapore airlines qantas emirates etihad and lufthansa .
however given how good international business class is a lot of airlines are reducing or eliminating first and there are some very excellent business class products as well .
these seats can be booked with either cash or points like seats in any other class of service .
flyertalk or r/awardtravel can also help dealing with booking these awards on points .
yeah but then he has a bunch of dirt heaped onto the fridge door assuming that the fridge was n't put in the hole door-side down
the penalties are so high ad-/robo calls practically do not happen here
warning if a user is trying to pm you to make a deal for your listing ignore it and report it to the moderators .
all activity for trading must be done on the listed thread !
new to the subreddit and trying to learn how to do a deal ?
read here on how a deal should go down https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/wiki/deals
you can read the rules for the subreddit here https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/comments/9c7ipv/mod_post_fashionrepsbst_rules_and_flair
if you have an issue please contact one of the following moderators or the mod mail
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fashionrepsbst if you have any questions or concerns .
i worked at a place where they do nonhuman primate studies and was told law and order is also one of their favorite shows .
i posted my exos 58 modifications a couple days ago basically tore down and rebuilt the entire pack .
i 'm 35 and my grandmother my mother 's mil still does this to me .
i wish my parents would stand up for me .
to me it seems they agree with her or enable her .
it 's nice to know if your parents have your back even if you think it seems obvious .
lost their way '' could mean a lot more than what i referenced .
i do n't want to state the obvious but you could try to stop smoking and go on a diet .
or you could sell all your possessions and move back in with your parents .
shits got ta break in your favor at some point right ?
yeah it could be a way to a different region .
same with the road along the western side of the map .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
yeah comrade old man handout can go fuck himself right into the retirement home .
in the settings wrench screwdriver icon go to the nexus tab and click on associate with 'download with manager ' links '' .
does n't someone then say hey there 's still two more left to open ?
whereupon you 'd have to say something like they 're ours we 're going to exchange them in private whereupon guests if they think like me would wonder then why are they under the tree when you have us guests here ?
but also the why are the under the tree ? ''
we always just throw all of them regardless of family joining under the tree .
sure we might only open some with her family but it looks better with gifts under it .
also i 'm lazy and not moving boxes all over to prevent someone else from asking why we only opened 1/3 of the presents 🤣
then going for minerva is n't a bad idea .
she 's the best support in the game with her shields and healing and she and roxanne are just ridiculously dominant together .
you do n't show a picture of an ostrich on a naruto reddit unless you 're make a reference to condor the ninja ostrich the greatest animal ninja in naruto !
it 's well worth replaying again you start to notice all of the lines of dialogue text that are aimed directly at the player .
this is n't the nba where players leave money on the table to win a championship .
if the phillies really want one of them they will get him .
it 's okay you deserve to be shot in the head for using prphet .
i mean this setting 's been around for over 30 years now .
there 's a lot of older lore to pour through much of which is no longer published .
sorry to highjack the post but i am interested in your jaq and gus piece .
i started going to an orthodontic church and they did it on christmas .
they usually do have food after liturgy but i do n't think it 's potluck
it 's not about whether you ask him to watch your shows or not .
when he does that it 's him actively taking an interest and caring about the things you enjoy even if they do n't particularly interest him .
you should be willing to do the same for him because a it shows you care b it will make him feel good c you may find you actually enjoy it even if it 's in a genre you typically do n't care for .
even if you do n't enjoy it you can take an interest in the thing he does enjoy make conversation about it and bond with him .
aw regardless of all the bullshit this map is legendary
of listings 100 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22pantygirlxxx 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 7 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22pantygirlxxx 22 20or 20title 3a 22pantygirlxxx 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
took a second job to help pay down some bills .
the quoted rate was 18/hr and that is what they were paying me for about a month when my boss called me into her office and said they 'd made a mistake and that my rate was supposed to be only 15/hr .
she said they had cut my pay effective immediately .
i quit on principle and found a different second job .
turns out that when you systematically withold an entire group of people from skills and opportunity then dangle something in front of them that 's specially made just for them they bite .
i loved how batman never once acknowledged the hallucinations until he was forced to at the very end .
not only did it show how strong willed he is but also would have been pretty strange seeing him constantly talk to himself .
carbon copy cloner and any hd of your choice spinning platter or ssd .
i have 4 hd i use for back up .
a western digital ssd 5 tb drive with ccc .
a have aluminum green drive 10tb i use with time machine a mybook drive for a backup of the back up and a quantum hd for everything else .
i do monthly backups and keep everything i use daily on a samsung 500 gig ssd .
so my macbook 's internal ssd only has my main applications and music on it .
with an average of 60 of the drive free at any given time .
i also have a time machine capsule 5tb but i have lots of problems connecting over wi-fi so i stopped using wi-fi since it has been so problematic .
the reliable corded methods seem be best you just need to religious with your schedule .
you have until 12/27 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20181228t034758 .
u/maxwasson2 reply with pat or two point and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag thread '' 20 '' a9pjyc '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.conversion ''
will never understand how jennifer developed a crush for paul instead of tommy
oh honey now remove gang violence since i 'm not in a gang and do n't live in gang territory .
also remove domestic violence because i 'm not in an abusive relationship .
what 's my risk now since you are paying attention to the real state of things and not just reflexively being afraid ?
i 'd say that 's more feasible than if you drove to work .
i have no say in this conversation but are you aware of the fact that that after 17-19 years the united states and co. killed over a million~ish nva/viet cong combatants and walked away with only 60,000~ish dead ?
and during literally every conventional battle the united states annihilated and mopped the floor with the nva/viet cong ?
he always fucks shit up for the x-men and never faces any consequences .
he 's a little better as an avenger where he 's usually written as a more fun and lighthearted character .
can you explain what you mean and how this is in any way related to my question ?
fyi the man portrayed rodrigo gato has been accused of running 23 dog fighting arenas in the tri-state area .
i 've been watching and reading gintama for over a decade now and they still get me !
ntd has a great piece on this and why he does n't claim to be atheist '' .
he is but its better to hear it from him .
a lot of people do n't realize that skin is one of the organs that is harvested when a person dies .
npr did a story on it a few years back and it was brutal .
the process is stomach turning to say the least .
after i heard that i changed my status as an organ donor to just specific internal organs .
of course with pakistanis being under 3 of the population in the uk there wo n't be as many as the 90 of white pedophiles .
the fact they make up so many shows us there is inherently a problem in the british pakistani muslim community with rape .
no one said there are no isolated incidents with hindus sikhs buddhists etc .
i 've never heard of coordinated gangs of hindu rape gangs like we know exist for pakistanis in the uk .
luckily women are brave enough to report things in england and india unlike pakistan .
forgot to mention that one of them looks like a blister
i used to hate the boston announcers but at least they 're entertaining if you do n't take em too seriously .
the warriors announcers are just insufferable the entire game super condescending and give 0 credit to the other team
like bogi said in his post game interview check my youtube highlights .
dudes been hitting game winners for literally his whole career
warning choking hazard welcome to the orachoke arena babyyyyy .
how can you look at that adorable little face and just throw him away ?
what happens when you use a weapon with drum mags and pick up a box mag ?
what i like is how the 10 percent bonus both factions had available initially ended up somehow being horde biased .
whereas now three consecutive weeks of an easily exploitable 30 pity bonus and a gim me 370 piece is perfectly fine .
charlotte comes back as the mother of dragons after poor georgie gets a pot of gold
but then this is like the 10000th time this pic or one like it has shown up on reddit and all the posts are about how the us and uk overthrew the democratically elected government of iran and that led to this '' pic not happening anymore .
it 's like the iranian government is posting these and has a ton of people posting in this thread .
it 's true the us and uk meddled in iranian leadership .
but it has nothing to do with this picture or the others like it that show the people that supported the shah which was the one put in power by the us .
i 'm sure a lot in the us do n't know about meddling in iran .
and i 'm sure many today do n't know about iran and it 's ambitions and how it ended up with the brits setting up the infrastructure in the first place .
but this pic has nothing to do with any of that .
this is a pic of the westernized minority that the us propped up .
no one in the game goes up to an enemy player and is all like excuse me good sir i see you are fighting a monster .
i would like to engage you in one on one combat once you 're at full health .
there we will fight for the glory and honor of our factions ! ''
20 mil a year buys a lot of alcohol and pills .
similar to raising your hands for protection or screaming while in pain .
if you believe/understand the concept of ego superego id .
you can say that when we smile grimace or again raise hands it stems from the id .
current patch not counting the 2016 luckies my cousin and i have 10 ish lucky rate with no specific pokemon traded .
my baby account trades at the same rate with my cousin or my main .
we kept reading horror stories about people trading with 1-2 lucky rate but we are not experiencing that .
regardless of the patch we 've had this luck .
i wish everyone the same luck we have had because that makes trading even more fun !
the ayn rand badtards maybe the rest of us are humans with humanity .
i 'm considering the wr wr stash with my two picks 10,11 .
learn how to converse with random girls at ease and do it effectively
get some sort of income that can support moving out
carve a grand work of art that takes longer than a month
learn more about stocks and not break your financial dick doing it
thanks for doing this u/_kashmir this has been my fourth year i think writing new year resolutions .
it 's fun each year coming back to see how far you got with your goals .
weird i 've lived on the prairies the past 5 years and winter always started on the week of halloween like clockwork .
then it 's cold up until earlly/mid-april but spring season out here is really fucking short like 3 weeks and then it 's full summer by mid-may .
i 'll admit though i did n't grow up here so i would n't have as long of a sample pool to draw from .
that being said what you said about shifting seasons does seem to correlate with my experiences growing up in nova scotia .
the season 's seem about 2-3 weeks off than they were 20 years ago but it 's still spooky experiencing it .
winter would usually start in late november late march but now it goes as late as christmas before it 's really winter but spring comes dangerously late now .
2018 was one of the worst on record iirc my parents told me they were still getting heavy frost as early as june this year .
it 's like everyone forgot the past 5 years of lakers basketball .
he is so fucking good he 's put out like 4 insanely good projects this year .
one thing you can do is find a job at a university as a lab manager/lab tech .
it 'll roughly be 30-40k but it 's something to fill the bank account while you both gain experience and try to figure out what you want to do .
i did that for a couple years and then went the phd route because i ca n't imagine not pursuing research as a career .
it 's a good time to learn about yourself and evaluate how far you may want to go .
to answer your question i believe you 're qualified but a majority of people i know who have gotten hired including myself have met their bosses through common contacts .
i 'd recommend that you ask your past pi 's and people at your internship if they know anyone hiring .
edit changed see if you can to one thing you can do is
unfortunately your post was removed for the following reason s
you must provide at least one high-quality picture of the roastee holding a sign with the text r/roastme .
if you feel that it has been removed in error please message us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2froastme so that we may review it .
curious to know if your view point comes from a place of religion or of actually having a family member who is suffering from a debilitating disease ?
by law at least around these parts all new roofs have to be white — energy efficiency stuff
i legit posted this on another forum the other day .
i ate a ton of sugar/carbs including gluten and i 've got celiac on christmas and 2 days later my pants that i wore that day still do n't fit .
thigh bloat is a thing and it is the bane of my life
i know how to do basic knitting i 'll try and look for a pattern online thankyou
i 'm so glad you recognize that you deserve better and took steps to make yourself happy .
remember despite what others may say that these are your parents and it 's natural to love and long for a good relationship with them .
the fact that they do not want the same is heartbreaking and you are completely justified if you want to mourn the loss of what should have been .
do n't fall into the trap of thinking that you must be 100 happy and excited for cutting them out of your life please .
not applicable is this is honest truth of course .
the lake of fire if memory serves is derived from first enoch .
it 's a tricky topic and i do n't know how i feel about it .
on one hand you make a very emotionally appealing point .
on the other what right do i have to force others to work for/on me ?
the right to for example defend yourself is one thing but the right to make others spend their own time on me is a different matter so i 'm torn .
the christian apologists are going full force down voting .
they want to say that christian doctrine is n't inherently homophobic and that if i think so i 've never read the bible ...
his brother does n't seem very smart about finances either
and your boyfriend makes it three out of three completely useless idiots by the sound of it .
there are about 3.5billion other people with xy chromosomes out there .
i love steph but that last play by him was unbelievably stupid .
2 point lead you know they 're fouling why would you risk that pass ?
in a game where we had to claw to fight back he just gave it away ... . oh well .
last 2 games he shot 40 with more than 5 to 's or so
i think it depends on the thickness of your desk how low it sits .
yeah if you plan on getting 49 keys that 's when you start to get into new desk territory lol .
you could always make a custom tray if you got the tools or do n't mind drilling some holes into your keyboard .
i 've seen a few creative desk mods out there .
practicing abstinence does n't require coercing anyone into anything .
communism on the other hand involves quite a lot of coercion ...
samsung s phones could change the global fonts that 's why a lot of screenshots from s3s have a wobbly comic sans-like font
edit all s phones can not only the early ones
while the diarrhea is a feature '' of metformin the blood is not .
perhaps a trip to the doctor to check for hemorrhoids ?
i 'm on 2000mg at night and i ran through every side effect except weight loss .
it 's calmed down though and i only get diarrhea metformin affects stool mobility and the occasional headache .
it 's actually intended to be an accessory expansion port rather than a dedicated type-c charging port .
currently the only officially accessory available is a 2-port hub for back seat passengers https item.mi.com/1172800036.html ? cfrom=search
edit interestingly the official product page does n't mention the specs of this port and i noticed that the customer support reps on https item.mi.com/comment/asklist/gid/1172100023/pid/5942 all seem to dodge the question about whether it is type-c or supports usb-pd .
i 'm going to hazard a guess and say it 's custom .
yea sadly the m50x are reccomended by many but it 's very over hyped and not very good honestly .
even things like the takstar pro 82 are better .
sadly when it comes to audio the generic reccomendations like the m50x are normally not good .
it 's not bad it 's just not great and not worth the money .
so glad i tuned in to grab the second half of this one ... great game
i 'd say you have n't read the documentation .
if you provide the tz info then it uses that to convert the provided time into the utc one .
the question is why after all those years the postgresql does n't implement timestamp tz https github.com/mweber26/timestampandtz data type in a core .
this would solve most of the problems people have .
he should be punished but to call this murder is a ridiculous exaggeration .
if you have already done the ballack sbc the rare electrum players is your next best option
when i was in secondary school 16 years old i did a history work about the force recruitement in luxembourg during ww2 by the nazi .
the person i interviewed told me that at fist he used a cigarette that he macerated during a few days to drink before going to the medical exam did n't work because he did it to soon .
next he made it so that he got shoot on the foot so he could n't use his boot .
and in the end he had to desert and rejoined an american camps where he was interogated to find out if he was luxembourgish or german .
good to see people actually know aboit the rough riders .
an accountant would tell you that paying that much is a massive risk to your finances .
that same accountant would tell you to consider all sorts of stats and analytics that prove it 's a terrible decision .
obviously you do n't have a choice so you tell the accountant to fuck off
the bank also has accountants who determine the same thing .
however unlike you they have a choice to keep their money
i had to move to la to understand it though .
both men and women refer to themselves as actor. just did n't make it into the common vernacular that way .
sure i ca n't stop my semen from pouring out but i can stop thrusting or w/e they were doing .
it 'd suck but it 's part of not being super selfish .
nice to see you posting your art around here again !
you lot sure seem to know heaps about the series .
i have put p5 in my cart twice in the playstation store but will holdout to see what eventuates with this .
i 'm dying to play it but the switch is my drug i mean console of choice these days so i 'll continue to wait .
yeah like ted 's friend from bill ted 's excellent adventure .
it 's the go-to excuse for a lot of shit that other lp channels just are n't having problems with .
most points on bench 16 gw17 benched shaqiri vs man u
what you learned so far that you 'll take into the rest of the season form over fixtures
this is now in my books one of my favorite things that exists haha
it 's okay i cried about it on and off for a few days but now i 'm mostly over it .
oddly enough i 've had better luck killing enemies with splash damage from a panzerfaust .
direct hits can be a bit weird in my experience .
thank you so much i ca n't believe someone on the internet would do this for me .
using some tools on a server that allows for larger edits main one used for this was a boulder brush tool allowing me to create large rocks quickly
plus not everybody has internet in this day and age .
yeah it seems like she 's playing it up a bit no way did she not know about charge attacks
i read the title as ernie instead of emile and got very confused
what 303 clone are you using if i may ask ?
i recently did a similar overhaul of my setup and got myself a patchbay and a jaspers stand so i could have all my hardware off the ground and connected and ready to play at all times .
such a game changer to just switch a thing on and immediately mix it in with the daw without having to replug or swap anything .
and this is why i dont get why people support stingy videogames with shitty costumer service
i pobacaj malo po parkiću da vrapčići imaju šta da jedu dok je zima .
ili kao što se kod mene desilo pobacaj žito po terasi i nahrani mačku bilans 3 vrapca i 1 golub za nedelju dana potamanio ih je mali lovac samo tako .
did she move her head and the picture messed up so looks like it 's not there ?
it 'd be really neat to hear their perspective and find out how they feel about the work they are doing .
honestly the same goes for many individuals in cyber security domestically .
i 've met a good deal of nsa employees but they ca n't really be too specific about what they do or how they feel about the agency and their work .
the silent majority has no server issues at all !
btw excellent chance your daughter will have a black dick inside her at some point
just my opinion tho people come here to share and discuss things about stuff they like in this case headphones .
if they do not care who will see it they will probably post in instagram or something .
so i do not see a problem with people just post their cool photos and answer question later .
the mechanical keyboard subreddit is pretty cool with this .
i have a vague memory of oda saying early in the series that there would n't be any flying characters .
can someone confirm if this is true or not ?
have you watched the show about our lord and savior mr. pickles ?
the per-offense charges are astronomical tell the postal service about it .
not really you have to go to the supercell 's web support and ask them to change it .
but never ask through the game support because that 's a bot .
gender dysphoria gd is the distress a person experiences as a result of the sex and gender they were assigned at birth .
in this case the assigned sex and gender do not match the person 's gender identity and the person is transgender .
evidence from studies of twins suggest that people who identify with a gender different from their assigned sex may experience such distress not only due to psychological or behavioral causes but also biological ones related to their genetics or exposure to hormones before birth.the diagnostic label gender identity disorder gid was used by the dsm until its reclassification as gender dysphoria in 2013 with the release of the dsm-5 .
the diagnosis was reclassified to better align it with medical understanding of the condition and to remove the stigma associated with the term disorder .
body integrity dysphoria bid also referred to as body integrity identity disorder amputee identity disorder and xenomelia formerly called apotemnophilia is a disorder characterized by a desire to be disabled or discomfort with being able-bodied beginning in early adolescence and resulting in harmful consequences .
people with this condition may refer to themselves as transabled '' .
her mischievous pranked worked well too well in fact that amethyst felt bad when she saw how bad she 'd crushed the girl .
making her want to double-back on her tease but it seemed too late for it already .
so keeping on with her regretable lie amethyst decided to offer gwen assistance in her sudden predicament .
unfortunately i do not have another dress on hand ... however no ... it might not work ... if i had some fabric i could make you a dress ... it would n't be anything crazy but it would help you get food ... if that does n't work i can sneak you some food ... ''
at first this dude looked like a bunny think of his beak as his ears .
no if you have oesophageal spasms you 'd definitely know about it !
the only reason i can think of that jenelle is unable to fly is that she severely panics when the pain occurs or in the past they 've had to land a plane due to her fussing .
on our way to a college party with my childhood best buddy talking about stuff he warns me about his ex maggie who 's probably gon na be there and that i should n't talk to her .
well i started making out with this medium cute girl at the party and we go back to her place .
when we woke up she added me on snapchat ... .her name was maggie .
sure as shit a few hours later she sends me a screenshot of the text my friend sent her calling me a total fucking dweeb and a piece of shit and he did n't care if we were making out .
he wo n't talk to me anymore and it even cost me plane tickets because he 's the only person i knew that could drive me home for winter break .
maggie now thinks i 'm her god given savior and texts me every day about how happy she is she met me .
how does it perform with non tegra gpus considering how strong tegra gpus are ?
but it 's not matter of perspective and opinion .
it 's a matter of human experience that is concentrated in the science .
and if you do n't believe in scientific method it 's ok if you have at least just as good alternative but if you do n't that 's just anti civilization and irresponsible .
damn that must 've been a fucking scare with the seriously ? ? ''
they wanted to make it bright red so that they could easily find it
sorry it does work now i edited the code .
although i wanted to know if there was a better way of doing this .
i never had problems in talking with girls and was the hearing part for them .
i could see a girl is going through something just by looking at her .
i am unexperienced but i would n't recommend a warrior if you are going strictly for dps .
you will almost certainly be needed as a tank in 5-mans until 60 where you might again be the guild tank .
i have one of the one 's in the josephine wall collection the three graces it took me about a week at work to put it together it turned out really beautiful though .
ug i envy this haul though buffalo puzzles are my favorite i just love the sturdy snap of the pieces .
slivovice hot water some sugar is our night nurse .
in a way this gives you a very easy way to filter out the douchebags if people do n't accept this they do n't deserve you .
you can harvest creep cluster you just have to aim kinda like above the plant .
think like a foot above the cluster in thin air ...
5 x mora 3 x scaly 3 x creep which happens to be the exact amount of plots external to each house when you build the garden which is nice ...
why should they if they can get away with it ?
my boys smoke and thermite and my girl frost have much shorter bios yet somehow manage to have better senses of character and personality than half of the newcomers imo .
i think it just comes down to implicit vs explicit explanations implying who somebody is with the writing with hints paired with visual presentation and actor performance reinforcing what 's implied .
makes figuring out who someone is more engaging than just plopping a whole page of direct characterization on your lap when you first learn about them .
i know the comparisons are stale but it 's kind of like dark souls lore presentation in that sense .
a lot of it is left to interpretation which leads to personalities seeming varied and multi-faceted compared to when they 're explained all cut-and-dry which is kind of realistic in a sense .
gives the audience more to talk about too since you can debate the perceived personalities instead of pointing at the paragraphs .
i got cyborg your flair gabi garcia is my kink ''
i literally ca n't breathe and i 'm slowly suffocating 😂😂😂 👌👌👌 💯💯💯
all bets are 1u this may change as the season progresses .
​**twitter avgdixavgpix https twitter.com/avgdixavgpix has my buddy u/tk14344 ncaab picks as well
you cant make a timesplitters meme without that clip of cortez getting kicked in the balls .
in my case had nothing to do with texting i 'm the one that does n't like texting .
people friends said let 's meet up at 6 at this place get there and call them and they 're actually not going anymore .
or let 's go to the beach this weekend call them that morning and they decided not to go .
in most cases they had just made alternate plans instead to do something they determined was better like a party or out with a date .
like thanks i could have made other plans but did n't cause i thought i was busy already .
they are usually better than they are this year they have almost beat russia a few times in recent years and beat the swiss their team is just worse than normal this year .
if youre into chasing gooses this is a good place to start ... https web.archive.org/web/20181226144830/https www.reddit.com/r/enoughpetersonspam
edit the important entry here is part 4 '' it goes into great detail about jordan 's unique '' ideas on the subject tons of info ...
check out this lengthy discussion on jordan 's very un '' unique '' assertions about post modernism as in who 's ideas did jp copy ?
i could see that but i imagine the software would just look for the overlap and stitch you 'd lose a couple mp maybe but not a ton .
if 48mp of images became 44-46mp that would still be solid
olight m2r these lights http flashlights.parametrek.com/index.html ? brand=acebeam+armytek+black 20diamond+coast+coleman+eagletac+fenix+foursevens+hds 20systems+inova+jetbeam+klarus+l3 20illumination+lri+led 20lenser+mag 20instrument+malkoff+manker+maratac+nextorch+nitecore+niteye+pak-lite+pelican+petzl+princeton 20tec+rtg 20inc+rofis+rovyvon+skilhunt+solarforce+streamlight+sunwayman+surefire+terralux+thrunite+ultratac+viltrox+wowtac+zebralight type=angle+flashlight battery=all+1x18650+1x16340 features=integrated 20charger and these flashlights http flashlights.parametrek.com/index.html ? brand=acebeam+armytek+black 20diamond+coast+coleman+eagletac+fenix+foursevens+hds 20systems+inova+jetbeam+klarus+l3 20illumination+lri+led 20lenser+mag 20instrument+malkoff+manker+maratac+nextorch+nitecore+niteye+pak-lite+pelican+petzl+princeton 20tec+rtg 20inc+rofis+rovyvon+skilhunt+solarforce+streamlight+sunwayman+surefire+terralux+thrunite+ultratac+viltrox+wowtac+zebralight type=angle+flashlight battery=only+1xcr123a+2xcr123a+1x18650+1x18350+1x16340+2x16340 features=integrated 20charger .
you can filter/sort those lists by weight length width at the bezel etc .
i 'm happy as long as it works and i can move it .
being paralyzed made me appreciate the shit out of this body .
if you have n't bought anything safest bet in my eyes is bitcoin ... . if you have 100 to invest only buy 20 increments and chase the bottom .
we are most likely going lower but of course i could be wrong and we moon tonight ... .
if it fails to break 2500 again it 's going back to 2470 's imo
excuse my comment but if it 's okay wo n't you follow me ?
gon na give this a shot glad i saw it .
if furries want to be treated like animals that means that animal rights laws apply to them and they would be allowed to have sex in public and shooting one would land you in jail .
i think you make a good point and maybe the best thing possible is a bit of both .
if you are used to physical activity i contract and use wood heat and am very active ... chopping cutting etc you will be stronger .
and hence more likely to survive if you can move fast with your pack .
another consideration is that bodybuilding does n't actually makes someone truly stronger ... here 's the scientific evidence https physoc.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1113/ep085267 https physoc.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1113/ep085267
if only they would stop killing the holding facility in nevada
most games do n't use it but if you have 16gb of ram that helps as well .
reddit neutronium drops you to the bottom of the thread .
your intensions are irrelevant to how your comment reads and i 'm not the only one who read it differently than you meant it .
instead of learning to read how about you go learn how to write ?
from her interviews near the end she had hopes for it to be picked up for season 3 .
it was n't her choice for it to end .
i do however i wont be home for 3 days
look at shiro and what happened to his arm and do that with mage hand
the standard is about how sound waves of different frequencies and volumes look different so this tool does the job very nicely !
this sign was put there because of people like you
what kinda fps are you getting on your games ?
my bro has a i5 4670k gtx 980 4gb and is telling me he wants an upgrade .
og playstation played mostly arcade or others peoples consoles because i grew up in the hood poor so consoles were n't a luxury we could afford .
now it is pc for the majority of my gaming outside of pen and paper games .
i had able mapmaker so i could see them load in from a decent distance to avoid them .
we crossed from our current zone into a new one and there was one right on top of us .
there was nothing we could have possibly done to avoid that encounter .
we tried going back and forth zones a few times but they do n't have to wait to load the new server and will keep blasting you .
went through several hundred resources repairing everything but it did n't matter because there was no way to escape at all .
gez is getting 17 euro per household per month .
we are talking about billions per year yet they ca n't manage the money and asking for more .
pls by all means lower the quality of the shitshow you have been running for decades .
maybe you will free up some time slots and bring some actual content like bundestag conferences science and less of that rtl shit .
about 12 years ago she went blind and since then she 's been increasingly depressed .
for a long time we wanted her to take antidepressants and she would always say why ?
and she was right she would still be blind but the meds might help her deal with being blind .
she eventually gave in and started on meds and it helped a lot .
it did n't make her happy go lucky but it did help her be more able to handle no longer being independent .
with that boost she was able to become a happier person .
i 'm not suggesting you take meds but i do think therapy is a good idea .
you 're not a little kid anymore and if the therapist is a douche you can just quit or find a new therapist .
but i know you know that processing her death is hard and complicated and the therapist 's job is to help you with that .
his/her job is n't to bring your dog back or to fix you but to help you deal with this new shitty reality .
think of it like crutches ... if you break your foot the crutches wo n't mend the bone but they 'll definitely help you get through the healing process !
if you 're looking for a therapist just ask straight up is your therapy faith based ? ''
ok so im a bit out of the loop here .
and on that front there is no company like cig .
but it is true this game has the best community in all games i have played yet .
i miss it.. time to start the download again i guess
if youre trying to craft a piece of gear with 2 specific suffixes e.g .
a shaper helm with additional mine and hypothermia is it more efficient to chaos spam or alt regal ?
yeah i think someone posted it recently on the sub
you may complain or appeal to them via the infamous and useless menu help report '' but they will not listen or do anything to address your prayers .
am concerned i 'm going to have a much harder time making the change .
how is quitting something you do n't like different from quitting something you do ?
when you face a situation like this you have to have a stronger reason for doing the change than for maintaining the current choices you'remaking .
if you do n't think you have that and you have n't done this yet i 'd suggest watching one of the graphic documentaries on veganism earthlings dominion land of hope and glory lucent etc .
talking more about it to vegans who may see some of these issues differently and can offer a different perspective after having been vegan for a bit or sitting down and really thinking about if you want to support the things happening in them by buying animal products if that 's what you want to stand for or take a stand against .
it can be inconvenient and you might be seen as an inconvenience at first but again if you have a really deep strong reason for doing something that can help you withstand many of these sorts of objections or obstacles because they shrink in importance compared to what you know about the effects of these products or what you 're trying to do '' in the world .
this is n't a free pass to dismiss other people 's concerns completely as if they do n't matter because they still do but it is a way in which you can realize you have the confidence to follow through with the change past any of the inconveniences or awkwardness that could pop up from it .
he does most of the cooking while i 'm studying to get into medical school so i would feel burdensome asking him to make any changes for me ...
there are lots of vegan recipes that are extremely simple and quick every bit as simple as omnivorous recipes and there are also lots of gourmet recipes on the other end of the spectrum if he 's into that vegan cooking is like regular '' cooking in many respects when you get down to it you just use some different ingredients but many times the skills and techniques used do n't change much .
if you give examples of some of the dishes or types of cuisine american italian etc he likes making maybe we can come up with some substitutions for him or new recipes to try .
speaking of new recipes one thing that can help for people who enjoy cooking already is the way you frame this change .
vegan cooking is incredibly interesting and creative and it 's worth exploring even if you are n't vegan .
i learned more in the first year of trying to cook vegan food than i did in the previous decade because i was forced to think about flavor and ingredients in a completely different way and sometimes that can be a really good thing .
if you present it as something new and exciting to explore all these flavors and ideas he may have been neglecting that adds to your life rather than something restrictive or boring that only takes away it might help him be more interested in trying it .
there are only a couple dozen animal species that we typically use for the vast majority of our animal product consumption but there are thousands of plant varieties .
what i discovered was that my cooking began to have more variety not less because i was being more mindful of what i was using and suddenly paying attention to things i had passed over many times without thinking about .
and plants are far from flavorless in fact some of the most flavorful ingredients we have in all of cooking come from plants herbs and spices you know the things we add in tiny amounts to all the other ingredients including the animal products to make them taste better ?
and so you can point out things like this to him .
i was wondering what you all think of small farms that do n't kill their animals or seem to over-work them ?
is that something that even exists or just a facade ?
would you approve of diary/eggs from a small local farm ?
there are n't farms that do n't kill their animals .
if they tried to do this it would be prohibitively expensive and there are likely all sorts of reasons https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9rv3urz19kw t=1m25s you may not have considered why this happens .
if you do n't mind me say i think you 're in a period right now that 's sort of like a bargaining phase '' which i think is very common for new vegans or people beginning to seriously learn about veganism or consider it for the first time .
you 're starting to see some of the things wrong with animal agriculture industries but you may not really want to admit it or the extent to which it happens or think that perhaps there 's a way to do it differently or without the negative effects which at its heart arises from still wanting to use the products being your primary priority which it does n't have to be .
but unfortunately there are fundamental realities to the way these products are created that are not going to go away and are just not economically feasible to change right now and so the only option that really works is rejecting them overall .
there are all sorts of examples of how humane farming '' is n't actually a real thing or that organic '' bio '' natural '' etc .
labels do n't really mean an improvement in animal welfare even though we 're guided to have that association without realizing it .
they do n't mean anything legally speaking in many countries .
you begin realizing that it 's an advertising trick made to manipulate us as consumers into assuming there 's something different about some premium '' products when in fact there really are n't great differences in their effects on animals humans or the environment .
three non-vegans react to gary yourofsky 's speech https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cnggsoo_qne t=6m50s by so you 're dating a vegan
how ireland exposes humane farming https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yby5bqcv4us by bite size vegan
so why does the use of animals in animal agriculture always result in abuse and exploitation ?
it is because of the vast differences in power between humans and animals .
animals have so little control over their lives they have no say in their own treatment and this means that we can and do treat them as arbitrarily badly as we want if that produces more profit .
as long as the profit motive controlling the individual or the corporation which controls the animal 's life does not account for that animal 's preferences in any significant way this will continue to happen and a six letter word used in a tv ad or added to the outside of a package like humane '' is n't going to change that right ?
animals are commodified beyond anything even most humans experience to the point where they are completely seen as an object material or unit of production rather than an individual or even a living thing at all .
and as long as the economic incentives for profit maximization are what we optimize '' our behavior for that wo n't change .
here is a comment https www.reddit.com/r/vegan/comments/73frx5/why_do_omnis_think_we_need_to_keep_other_species/dnpzz4b i made trying to explain how this spontaneously arises through the current economic incentives using the example of sheep 's wool and mulesing .
if you understand the underlying incentives creating the dynamic that governs the human-animal interaction it begins to make sense that and provides an explanation for why pretty much all animal products involve animal suffering including vegetarian foods and non-food products like leather and wool .
would you approve of diary/eggs from a small local farm ?
no it 's not something i try to support for the above reasons .
now i think it 's time to own up to that same belief and quit the foods i like too
yes this is exactly the kind of attitude that can help you make changes in your own life !
i thought i was going to become a lawyer .
i tried for years to get my sealing cancelled from my abusive ex .
i was told it was up to him as the priesthood holder to request .
fuck it if i 'm going to be dragged to heaven with him our kids and i will spend eternity ensuring it 's an actual hell for him .
watkins has played half the season hill has been on one leg half the season kelce has been kelce conley cant get separation to save his life and his rb1 got tossed out the window in the middle of the year and there has been no drop off .
why is it nasty if they are safe and clean ?
who cares if people like to fuck as long as they are n't hurting anyone .
lol bro listen giannis is the front runner for mvp right now but kawhi is definitely 2nd .
you 're moving the goal post of the argument .
ugh if you 're going to pretend you do n't understand because i said mine instead of drill whatever man .
mining in a wider sense includes extraction of any non-renewable resource such as petroleum natural gas or even water .
hydraulic fracturing also fracking fraccing frac'ing hydrofracturing or hydrofracking is a well stimulation technique
this is one of the lowest effort troll accounts i 've ever seen .
i 'm more offended by your skill than by your post .
everyone so eager to dismiss something that 's only happened 10 times in nhl history because even the suggestion that hak was n't the worst coach in the history of coaching makes them uncomfortable .
does this means that she is free or just that she claims she didnt attacked the old man ?
it will be original again as in the past what you and other base their knowledge today are pservers which is far from original .
oh ok i do n't think i can afford more ram now but i think 16gb will become required in the future so that might be my next up upgrade .
looks like i will just buy the b450 board .
rather just spend the extra bit instead of worrying about bios .
it 's a very suburban american tradition for kids to eat orange slices during halftime of their youth soccer games
i never changed from the defaults and i rent out 1tb of space .
this comment has given me good feedback to plan out my next season watches !
i forgot about charleston that was a good one i need to see again
should be pretty easy to learn to recognise all the basic tetrads m7 7 maj7 and not much more difficult to recognise sus versions of those if you can already recognise sus chords .
m maj7 chords are n't much more difficult either .
just practise a bit with an ear trainer paying attention to the sound and function of each chord .
dominant 7th chords have a clear tension to them from the tritone and minor seventh intervals which gives them a striking sound and clear dominant function .
major 7th chords have some clashing between the root and the seventh with the result that you can hear them as a kind of polychord combining the major and minor triad which gives it a sort of melancholic feel though you can still clearly identify the major third .
in general if a chord feels kinda like minor but has a major third i figure a good chance it is a major seventh chord .
minor 7th chords are probably the most stable sounding of the basic three tetrads .
there are no strongly clashing intervals neither a major seventh or a tritone so they mostly fuse unlike the major seventh chord imo into a single texture and without the strong dissonance of the dominant 7th but you may still be able to hear a major-ish quality about them in some contexts or out of context since it is enharmonically equivalent to a major triad with an added sixth in the bass .
so what happened to the lawsuit with jerry dantana in the end ?
are we supposed to assume rebecca haliday went and the suit ... . just got settled ?
i forgot that every single guy on earth is more interested in sex than dating .
every single guy asks for nudes before they even bother getting to know you .
black lab i believe but i 'm not sure what else .
she was a stray that some friends rescued and could n't keep .
i 'm taking her to the vet today so i 'll leave an update is they happen to know with more certainty .
lol was n't aware how old the post was .
most compete meta decks cost 50000 gems to build .
just to give you some perspective on the value of 2000 gems .
if you can buy the special edition i think it comes with nurse doctor hag
i always browse new posts and you just came up 4 times in a row while i was scrolling .
thanks i found the problem shortly after posting which is how life works i guess though it was none of the things you listed .
fifty shades of grey has the sentence he cocks his head to the left '' a crazy amount of times .
i know this as i did word searches for various bad words to see what sort of smut it was ... i was disappointed .
the word fuck '' is n't even in it iirc .
better question would be what games have aged like wine
ca n't wait for the new product reveal from korg .
they 're teasing about it on their facebook page .
s shit i do n't know how to top that ''
lair of darkness is pretty decent just lacks some draw power as you can run into a dead draw .
the difference is that this guy has n't been doing it he 's at a pretty decent or .
he just did a crazy one off wildcard without having a wildcard and it seems to have paid off ...
used a nail that was used to crucify jesus and turned him into a monster
i 'm betting most of the cards with this keyword would be nerfed for the same reason corridor creeper was .
kid in my grade 1 class took a stapler and pressed it right into his tiny hand .
the other kids at the table all screamed i started to cry
it 's not even his skill they 're just brainwashed into associating him with fortnite that 's it .
early on in the game he was relatively good but nowadays most of the top pro 's stream and they 're twice a good as him with 1 hand on their dick .
the only joke i see is someone posting some sort of evidence with no citation or source attached to it .
i might as well come back with well my grandma said ...
the fielding skills are always terrific in the big bash
there 's nothing wrong with students deciding for themselves who 's invited to speak at their school .
yea there is something wrong with a percentage of students deciding for everyone else what is allowed at the school they 're all paying to be at .
especially when the people show up anyway and get maced in the face and riots break out .
yep that 's definitely a problem considering college should be the place your ideas are challenged .
stripping that away from young minds is called fascism .
why is it surprising to you that a bunch of neocons and alt right douchebags are n't welcome in progressive bastions ?
the fact that you wrote that statement unironically shows me you have no idea how dangerous a situation that is .
how do you think it would go down if a trans person or a blm activist was invited to speak at a religious school or something ?
oh you mean like what 's goin on all the time all over the place ?
the dendervalley used to be big with 6 municipalities between dendermonde and ath on the map in 1846 .
tournai used to be belgium 's fifth city in 1846 .
it 's population has more or less remained stable for the last 172 years .
other remarkable declines for cities on the map verviers 10th in 1900 29 now with an actual population decline of almost 15.000 souls ieper 15th in 1846 57th now ath 17th 83th geraardsbergen 19th 67th oudenaarde 22th 75 poperinge 23 158 ! !
population halved since then peruwelz soignies lessines tielt leuze-en-hainaut brakel beloeil .
the cities with the most extreme falls are thus mostly located in nw hainaut and the westhoek .
we can somewhat see the growth and decline of the industrial eras west of mons and surrounding charleroi although it 's not that clear .
every belgian knows this but foreigners might find this weird there is nothing south of the axis mons-charleroi-namur-liege .
final remark using the municipal borders as they are might be influencing this map quite a bit as the size of the city does n't always coincide with the municipal borders .
if we 'd consider brussels as a single city then we 'd have to add these places to the map
it 's ridiculous that they can get away with this .
walmart are stealing money from the taxpayer and no one even raises a cough .
i could work lighting or be like joey in friends..
i 'm just there to fix the copy machine .
then i 'd buy my parents a new house 😀
well it 's pretty typical for toxic people to believe that they know everything and therefore we should follow their every command but it 's still incredibly aggravating .
i 'm sure your pet rats have much better social skills !
so colin and you the player are the only ones who retain memories ? ?
should n't be punished with a fragmented library because of it .
what 's so difficult with using a client manager or just double clicking your game 's shortcut from a folder ?
i do n't care that no companies tried to compete with valve back then they 're lighting a fire under valve 's ass now and that 's only a good thing for the consumer .
if i do get in i 'll order a man 's t-shirt in xxl and wear it like a victorian nightgown to prof. mulaney 's class
i think the popularity this 'movie ' gets will open new doors for this type of entertainment .
story was short when you look back at it but the journey was enthralling
yeah who cares if it hypocritical still prefer to not have china spy on me
but you do n't have a clue how many will buy ?
you also have no clue whether the price could be effected or by how much ?
i think it 's way less about smart people more about luck considering most traders lose i find it a joke talking about smart people .
plus for a small profit you 'd have the tax implications imo probably not worth the hassle of selling .
it 's a social experiment to show there is no unity in btc also that it shows people do n't want to create supply issues as if they did and are given a coordinated chance of doing so they 'd take part even if they did n't do any of these maybes at least they were there .
people who take part in a million march probably wo n't change the world but they at least were there and tried .
there is a reason pdx wanted valve to take their products of the steamchart lists last year .
yes stellaris was the most purchased game at release from pdx but it also lost the highest of its playerbase of all of pdx´franchises .
hoi 4 is improving '' yes wow how long took it to fix the airwarfare ?
land is still a shitshow unless you play multiplayer where ai doesnt matter .
the most recent releases of games and dlcs have one thing in common they look better for advertising on stream in a multiplayersetting .
a lot of not working stuff in sp does not matter in a mp setting but over 90 of pdx players are purely playing singleplayer and they do see the issues the games have .
after releasing vicy 1+2 eu 1,2,3,4 hoi 1,2,3,4 ck 1+2 and some more games you would think they got some expirience from what they did in the past but somehow stellaris gets released without basic diplomacy and sectors are still not working properly hoi 3 was a similar disaster like stellaris with not working core features at release hoi 4 gets dumbed down '' to a production management simulator to serve a broader audience '' eu 4 is just a dlc farm at this point that adds 2-3 buttons to press every x months for 20€
do they just ignore what they did for the last decade ?
do they ignore the knowledge gathered from all the games what works and what doesnt ?
im no longer willing to throw money out of the window and hope i get something worth for it in 2023
keep on eating and if you think it 's to much junk food look for healthy alternatives that still satisfy the cravings .
like homemade juice popsicles frozen yoghurt instead of ice cream at least that works for me .
have healthy snacks at home and if you are hungry listen to your body ! !
there are so many choices that a person can check out to see if they 'd like it on top of things they know they like .
what value do you provide to your idea '' ?
if you have a strong suit for business then you might be able to find a solo developer that is interested in your idea and will work with you for equity i understand this is n't a financial question .
nda is a must if you want it done properly have a lawyer write it up .
myself as a developer have gone through arrangements similar to this in the past .
if you have further questions and would like more detail let me know !
i think what we saw this year was his floor which is still a top 12 rb .
however i 'd still be looking for a different rb1 personally .
i see him going around the round 1/round 2 turn next year so anywhere from like pick 9-14
projectile vomiting for hours black bile and water nothing else .
i 'll have to check the books out especially before del toro adapts them to the tv screen i love his work too .
speaking of tv adaptations while not horror i just started reading james corey 's expanse series so can i watch the tv show .
i just started the first book leviathan wakes and man i 'm hooked .
stayed up to 3am because i could n't put it down .
if you 're in the mood for an addictive sf space opera this fits the bill .
find out about this one simple trick to make the entire muslim world hate you !
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=parents or reddit what is the strangest and most amusing thing your kid had hidden ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
its white pencil and gelly role pen on black paper
i 'll have to add this one to my to play '' list it 's a fantastic piece .
edit for anyone also willing to play this it looks like good guy john williams has made the scores available for free http www.johnwilliamsguitarnotes.com/music/download-free-sheet-music.html !
all of the above and also you deserve so much better op .
please do n't accept that this is your life and you just have to get on with it .
none of this is going to be easy but you do not have to put up with any of this .
burek moze biti s bilo čime naravno ako smo izvan bih .
burek iliti borek je tursko jelo i moze biti s bilo cime a bosanci su veoma naporni i neka sirnicu koriste u svojoj drzavi jer u hrvatskoj je burek sa sirom .
i always tought it was banned for some reason lol thanks
it is very satisfying to read that you do not allow your sil guilt-tripping you into giving her moneys .
enjoy watching her sulk lol what a piece of work .
if germany did n't want the bases there they would kick the us out .
if the us insisted on staying it 'd be an invasion .
lol ok so i know it 's way late but if you are interested i found the dim sum joint on google maps .
it 's on fa yuen st. prince edward station in mong kok .
my wife 's family is from hong kong and it was suggested by family there .
would love to hear what you think of it !
sometimes when a survivor drops a pallet he slides instead of walking .
worse then that is when people put aftermarket hid bulbs in headlight housings not designed for them .
i 'm looking at you early 2000 's chevy truck and jeep wrangler owners .
he must be i 've done more than 4 in one day !
and then she says it 's okay i ca n't control mine either '' while making awkward direct eye contact
because the call of duty playerbase is larger than just himself ?
i would think it 's safe to assume lots of people wouldve preferred to have saved those 4 dollars not just him .
i really like this but what happens if someone gets a slight advantage so during the next turn multiple opponents pick different locations of that player ?
does that leading player just have to do 4-5 games for that campaign round ?
the reason i ask is because in trying to think of a similar campaign .
the picks are n't blind and start from the top ramming where they 're like to fight then down the list until there are 5 uncontested locations meaning player 3 could choose to fight player 2 so that would let 4 more players pick uncontested locations before you must choose to fight another player .
i 'm sure the wealthy will happily cede power if the people wanted it .
if you 're attractive i definitely say do the approach '' .
that translates into striking up conversations with people it 's really not hard .
when i was in college that was my m.o .
although i was n't really conscious of it at the time .
when i was a gregarious little fucker i met some very interesting people .
best of all you take control of who you interact with and how your night will tend to go .
edit a good way to keep the conversation interesting is to not talk so much yourself but ask them interesting questions .
you can make jokes follow up with tid bits but it can be more fun to find out what they like are passionate about .
a lot of guys who might be more shy or bad at small talk open up when it comes to things they like .
we do deserve them because we actually made them this way on purpose .
it 's our duty to take care of them now .
first in support of my idea the star-hopper does n't have the fins on it
it is unclear exactly what the starhopper is meant to achieve imo .
it 's shorter and weaker powered with only 3 raptors than what a starship would likely be so we could probably assume it would not go to orbital velocities but instead more probably up to booster-separation-like speeds .
my guess is that it 's more of a raptor demonstrator than an actual starship analog which should have landing leg designs closer to the final starship in the same way grasshopper 's legs compare to the f9 .
with that said at this point we could probably only wait for musk to eventually spill the details .
i 'm not personally seeing this possibility given spacex 's preference for simplicity but who knows ?
we 've had more surprises in the last couple weeks than the whole year before it .
i recently discovered that i have blood clots in my lungs and my heart which i 'm convinced is directly related to the drinking and smoking .
the steelers shat the bed against the raiders and that game was supposed to be a blowout .
pats are playing for a bye and the steelers still need ravens ?
been trying to keep up with this democrats demand open borders and all the problems but trump wants to stop crime .
pretty sad that in 2 years we only saw 1 core change to improve good '' diversity in ow going from no hero limit to 1 hero limit .
im all out for changes to improve game strategy over perfecting the meta .
been here 10 years and i can say unquestionably that the level of scum in the city depends on where you live .
these kids deserve a punishment but lets stay rational and not start a witch hunt circle jerk
the metabolites are created as a biproduct of metabolising the drug .
their argument is that the metabolite stored itself in jon 's fat cells only to be released when the body fat was removed by weight cut .
the problem is there 's no scientific basis to support the metabolite being reuptaked into fat cells .
just because it 's theoretically possible does n't mean it did happen and in the absence of proof that it 's actually possible i got ta leave that in the unlikely category .
they named this scenario pulsing '' and seemed to have falsely attributed some studies to this process .
in the studies the drug metabolites were not initially found in urine but we 're discovered 6 months later .
there 's so many problems with this that it 's hard to decide where to begin .
we 'll start with the 1 that makes it possible .
the metabolite levels pulsed '' because the testee was overly hydrated in the initial test .
the metabolites were still there just not as easily detectable because their urine had an overabundance of water diluting everything else .
problem 2 is that this pulse effect was discovered 6 months after the test .
not 18 months like we 're dealing with here .
the 3rd problem is that it was a completely different drug .
so the only thing i could say has any even remotely chance of credibility here is that we are not aware of all the metabolites created from turinabol use .
allegedly i 'm not particularly knowledgeable on the topic we discover more every now and then .
some of these metabolites are considered long term '' but i do n't know how that is defined .
if they decided to make their case around the long term metabolite idea i might be inclined to fall for it .
they 're just latching on to so many things that are either hard to believe or flat out wrong that it makes it hard for me to trust them .
i did n't have one i know he got nerfed but i still think he 'll be useful .
very happy that i did n't pull my fourth monkey king or siege tower .
i would cross-stitch that motherfucking spreadsheet frame it and give it to fmil next year if you 're still there .
this image is more important than it at first may seem to many .
this is jean-claude juncker presenting his multi-annual financial framework which is basically the budget which sets limits to spending for the eu in certain areas .
the current mff is from 2014-2020 while juncker 's will be from 2021-2027 .
you can find more information on the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/europeanunion/wiki/mff started by u/mustwinfullgaming .
the member states through the european council and the european parliament still have to agree on this .
i roll up and show respect and appreciation to anyone no matter how shabby if they still have one on the road .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
rule 5 reposts will be removed at the moderators discretion this includes but is not limited to reposts with the same title as previous submissions .
we allow some images to recirculate if a period of time has passed or if it previously did not receive much attention .
if your post is part of a cluster of submissions of the same image it will be removed .
if you feel this was removed in error or are unsure about why this was removed then please modmail us .
contemplating about having a 3rd but i 'm not sure if it would be worth all the financial stress it may cause .
hey you bitchass motherfucker may i have some goddamn gold ?
he was n't before ex6 got kicked and basically got forced into being igl
op was not using cable for these screen caps ... cough cough
yeah i wanted to make this guy basically this universe reincarnation of dio with an alternate universe version of the world .
he then gains the ability to become immortal as long as he does n't die due to the second ability .
bba does n't seem to bubble away like the other algae right after application but i 'll try it for the ones that are impractical to rip off with damaging the plant .
he 's lethal in the clutch but has been streaky .
his issue is that once the 4th quarter rolls on by he has a tendency to give up big plays while trying to go for the big play .
most of the time it 's worked in his favor .
i wish i could 've watched it again immediately but i had to get to bed .
you have until 12/29 03:35 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20181229t203557 .
it 's 2nd and 3 on the eastern michigan 28 .
u/xrt3 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag thread '' 20 '' a9pnl3 '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play ''
i think it all depends on what you expect to achieve from doing this .
is this going to be something you can fix with your current knowledge to the point it 's a good example of your writing and story telling skill ?
or would your time be better spent writing new stuff using the skills you 've gained since this ?
if you expect to be a working writer you need to produce material that can be sold .
if you keep going back to improve '' this work you may be wasting time that could be better spent on things you can sell .
that 's what happens when adults do jobs meant for teenagers lol
i enjoyed reading about how mollie 's mom is coping .
if only we could all respond to tragedy with this kind of compassion for others .
please do n't tell me someone saw a blue lobster and killed it .
i got traded to the rockies and i feel the same way .
i also love having a sub to go to and follow baseball after the games on the east coast wrap up .
hi thank you for your contribution but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted .
please check the recent submissions r/europe/new before sharing a link .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the mods message/compose ? to=/r/europe subject=moderation .
yeah fam follletts still puts out a loooooooot of good stuff actually lol
my point being is they did n't because they prefer to sacrifice income for better player to dev interaction and its clear to see .
ingram is not gon na good enough in time for lebron 's window which means he should n't be in the lakers plans
ca n't be those update videos would be way more interesting .
found transcript my parents did n't trust us and they should n't have trusted us .
i remember one time we were going to this resort for a vacation when we were little kids .
three weeks before we went to the resort my dad sat us down and he said all right we 're going to a resort and i 've just been informed that the man who owns the resort only has one arm. and we were like oh yes !
yes ! now i 'm telling you three weeks in advance so that you will not freak out when you see that he only has one arm. oh we 're gon na freak out so bad ! yes john you have a question ? how did he lose his arm ? that 's exactly what you wo n't ask. and then i did ask .
i went into the kitchen one day and i was like so how 'd you lose your arm ? and he was like well i was born with only one arm. and i was like nah.
i 'm going to be hoarse tomorrow after all that yelling in the 4th .
one of my favorite nights at the can so far .
was that plumlee block where he pinned it to the glass as clean as it looked ?
i was so pissed that they called that goaltending .
i 'm dead you got the funny walk video and your beautifilicious
people got sick in airplanes because they thought it was normal to not because there was some unavoidable physiological reason .
if you stop handing out airsickness bags people stop puking .
clink glasses and drink beer when some one says the men '' .
take a shot when they say mah brothers '' .
that happened a couple of times and compared to all the gun related homicides in the us it 's nothing .
you 're assuming price is the only means of evaluating the heart surgeon .
best heart surgeon in the world you will unlikely have any complications .
you 'll have to wait 3 months to get on his list and you will need to fly out to florida .
newer heart surgeon has a few successful surgeries under his belt and one questionable one that there is a open lawsuit on .
can get you in next week and will cost you 40,000 .
surgeon with a checkered history but has been doing it for 30 years .
it 's up to you to evaluate the risk .
surgeon number 3 may not be worth the price tag he is dropping based on his record .
right now you do n't even evaluate the pricing .
you would likely just be paying out to surgeon number 3 yet its being covered through your insurance .
and you might not even be getting better service than surgeon number 2 .
surgeon number 1 maybe the one you want doing the surgery .
ignoring how ridiculous and unbelievable this post is the answer is becuase travel is time consuming and expensive and traveling with a toddler costs nigh twice as much and is n't even fun . ''
was gon na say that but did n't think anyone would understand ty
these are just polarized 3d glasses from the movies .
screen addiction is a made up term for people who stare at their phones too much to escape their bleak lives .
no one uses these glasses to fight screen addiction .
there are a lot of overpowered decks in the meta but that 's not the point .
the point of the banlist is to force people to buy new cards because you ca n't spend money if you keep using the same old cards .
i 'm still personally convinced that the boy in gastonia mattix was killed by his father .
and until further investagation there is still so many missing parts to this case .
i got really confused because i thought you meant the other airi https gbf.wiki/airi_totoki for a second
something about birds alerting humans when the monster are near
when you work for an individual you miss working under the protection of a chain and yet when in corp you miss the lack of red tape ?
most people would say ... 'cause it is dangerous and can kill you ... '' but i realize that as long as it is not excessive bleeding or you do n't use something dirty then it is fine .
obviously there are other options but if this one suits you then go ahead .
i like this method and can relate so yea .
um the first question is basically whenever you ca n't handle something anymore so you need to help control by cutting because there may be no agreeable option .
for the second question ... your family should always care .
but if they do n't have they tried anything other than asking you to stop ?
if they are n't putting in any more effort or has given up then they are the ones who need help not you .
speaking as someone who despises the gop but also as an economist
conventional economic theory says that a minimum wage generally is bad for the economy and especially for labor demand .
so regardless of the authors ' motivations their initial conclusions were to be expected .
the actual results are very surprising and it will be interesting to see studies trying to explain them .
keep in mind that bad for the economy '' means essentially decreases gpd '' .
edit to spare the effort of everyone writing angry replies to this comment with the same valid arguments as the past 10 people please read the thread directly below first .
i watched it a year after its release on a whim .
alolan sandslash is really an ice specialist in my mind since it has two double weaknesses and there are rarely any ice pokémon .
glalie is pure ice and it 's really awkward with its weaknesses and resistances .
i 'm betting the edition of betty crocker 's cookbook released in 1950 had a particularly terrible recipe for brussels sprouts
come to the table when you are ready to have a conversation with the adults .
i feel like he wants to trade me 50 cents for a dollar .
he 's going to give a moderate effort to convince me its a good deal but when i do n't bite he will slink back into the wall .
instead i got 4 more white riders to add to the 4 others i 've pulled since september .
sorry im a good christian boy and i would never do a weed
hosted my first ever tabletop day as part of my birthday celebrations in april .
we had about 30 family and friends stop in through out the day .
in my example the government and politicians would make laws restricting those platforms .
there are versions for the x300 and tlr 1 .
the the standard omnivore just uses a piece that slides onto the rail and locks into the holster .
i just talk to them in my childcare voice and say it means pay for three get a fourth one free. or if they insist that it means the most expensive in the same voice i say it says see associate for details .
when they later try to return one they get so mad when i say they can only exchange it .
or if i make an exception i tell them if they return one i 'll have to take payment for the former free one .
i 'm not spending x thousands of dollars just to have someone tell me how to live at my home .
with the later start you 'll definitely want to get there early .
definitely standing room if you ca n't get a seat .
regardless of what u say this is still a upvote meme
his only option if he wants to win a ring before he retires .
i just did mine in red and it looks awesome .
i have green on the way for rampage and white on the way for asteroids .
i left a link in a prior comment below for the tape i used .
i 'm not sure of the quality of the home depot tape though .
i 'm sure it 's fine but this is what i used .
according to imdb she 's been working steadily all this time and this is the only time she 's done this .
was surprised at first that so many people agree with the mindset of everyone who disagrees with me is an ass '' but i guess that 's expected for this site .
trust me to find the most difficult convoluted method .
bongjuan mentioned this earlier too but i did n't understand until your explanation thank you !
a frenzy gives the same as the minor node it only gives more '' as opposed to increased in its buff to damage global .
the attack and cast speed from frenzies are still increased .
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
screw it i like some pain with my game lol add me 46b33d5qqc chrono87 mlbed seeded devil clair .
dude is trying to get a win off you even though you stated you were new lol .
although slightly less well-known eight is also a lucky number .
this is due to its shape called suehirogari it 's lucky because it widens at the bottom which reminds one of prosperity and growth . ''
the japanese characters for kiju literally mean joy '' and long life . ''
the celebration of one 's 88th birthday known as beiju or yone-no-iwai '' became popular since the japanese characters for 88 '' when written together resemble the character for rice '' yone also read as bei . ''
for a second i thought she became some dislocated sea horse
confirm some teachers in reddit take this idea go make a test question on surface area and volume of big and small bubble tea cup based on length of straw lel
i enjoy his writing pacing and ability to weave emotional experiences for the players .
from him i learned the value of cliffhangers treating each session like a tv serial episode and keeping dm notes down to a single page .
a evelyn 's rebirth as a construct ... he got anna to hyperventilate for a second there .
b making evelyn think that she ate a baby .
again aiming for emotional experiences that the players will talk about for the rest of their lives .
game in order to enter a portal each character had to reveal a dark secret ... and whoever built the portal would then know it .
that was an amazing dm ploy and encouraged player creativity .
f the statler waldorf gargoyles on top of the purple worm inn .
also the first pair of mongrelfolk dca met were very good characters .
nta tbh being around partying people you ca n't understand or barely so is super anxiety inducing and you guys can do fun stuff together without the crowds and all .
her defense to it is it 'll be so much fun cmon
i 'm in exactly the same situation with my bf who 's also my first congrats !
go to an actual piercer and have them look at it and probably provide you with quality jewelry .
i eat quite a lot of burritos already but i 'd happily make a few more .
i use this all the time ... ... my wife said to me explains why i have been doing this after i showed her the clip ... ..she never watched alan partridge ... ...
attachment to their characters they have been playing for the last decade .
a point of interest with this weapon is that despite having 3 modifiers it still only has a prefix and a suffix .
in order to multimod an item it has to be rare .
regal the 2 property item and then annul the 3rd property .
or regal a 1 property item but that is pricey .
it looks like the content to transcribe has been removed so i removed the post on our side .
sweet might be able to help me with those pesky last few squares ...
a lot of brexiteers are indeed asking for zero immigration and even kicking the eu people out .
i understand that it 's a minority but since brexit means everything anything and nothing people can assume that it does mean this as well .
had immigration been controlled why would any company choose to settle in the uk ?
due to the high cost of higher education there is n't really a massive educated workforce ready to step up to the plate .
the salaries are higher than in the eu and since english is the de facto language in a lot of places the uk would n't really have a lot to offer would it ?
surely even you can agree that some areas are vital or critical whilst others should be but it 's not vital if they are n't ?
i agree a country should be self sufficient ... but since the uk has received such an enormous amount of people does it then mean that the uk is now not self sufficient for its economy ?
and just out of curiosity is this too something the eu did wrong or the uk did ?
care to expand on the fictionality of supply and demand ?
is it as a whole or just in a few cases ?
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit .
here are a few tips to make your experience here the best it can be
check out the rules https www.reddit.com/r/stepparents/wiki/rules and announcements https www.reddit.com/r/stepparents/search ? q=flair 3aannouncement restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all before commenting .
take a look at our faq https www.reddit.com/r/stepparents/wiki/faq it has some great information all crowd-sourced from the good folks on this sub .
for books articles and more about stepparenting visit our resources https www.reddit.com/r/stepparents/wiki/resources page !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stepparents if you have any questions or concerns .
what a great way of wake up in my first day or holidays .
there 's more to life than a video game your a lucky man
oh no someone is using a gun and equipment put into the game by the developers .
if you use a strike card or final attack you will go straight through enemies blast card attacks
i may sometimes switch out the tiberon for a battacor when i 'm fighting the orb momma since it has base magnetic damage .
she 's arguing with you by having you imagine how awful it would be if she pulled the same stunt oaks did ?
oh this is a real fun read i really hope kenny 's able to do a superstar savepoint one of these days on upupdowndown .
your post or comment was removed because your account is brand new .
please try posting after your account is over 24 hours old .
this is a measure to counteract spam and trolls .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
i have an account on smallworlds but it is n't letting me verify the account .
the towncentre is fully released will there be a chance for new comers to start such as my friend who does n't have an account .
while writing my answer to op i realized that i 'm also a part of the problem .
i justified my not collecting the data with my setup is not big and controlled enough for the data to be useful '' while it actually could still be very useful esp. as you said chip in with whatever data they have .
hahaha no choice though i have to live with it ... got not much money to upgrade tho..
this chapter looks like its gon na without a doubt now sentiment zeke as the main antagonist of the series for me .
i stopped reading after you complained about shoulder charge .
if you 're getting killed often by shoulder charge in competitive you 're clearly garbage or below fabled .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please use one of the following tags for your post
remember that automoderator will only detect tags in square brackets not curly braces pointy brackets or round brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthcare if you have any questions or concerns .
does the bartender gargle this drink then spit it in your face ?
hi this is a friendly reminder to flair your post with the appropriate platform .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatchlft if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission has been automatically removed because your title does not follow the proper format .
for more information please refer to the sidebar or read this post https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclansrecruit/comments/5ummou/mod_rclashofclansrecruit_featured_on_official .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashofclansrecruit if you have any questions or concerns .
the boy had felt himself torn between his obligation to her as his first partner and to his betrothed and instead of choosing and dishonoring himself and one of them had chosen to flee .
a difficult position that the girl had put him in however unintentionally .
alysanne rubbed soothing circles on the poor girl 's back .
it 's alright most boys are afraid of girls at his age . ''
it take a while for the products to ship but they have a cool selection of cardboard cutouts !
he must have access to the mobius chair and think he is all knowing of the joker like when batman asked it in the comics .
need help bought 2 of these for the rear left and right speakers on my setup but it resulted in loosing about 50 of the volume on said speakers .
are there any cables that would replace these but keep the volume ?
you just found a way to turn a weird and creepy thing into a potentially awesome thing .
if you get a move on maybe you can meet up with martin in prison it 's a win-win .
seemed kind of right up my alley at the time .
are you talking a few days of anxiety or months ?
yea they usually call themselves leftists and think justin trudeau is n't retarded .
the fact that they had the balls to remove murdoc and keep him in prison for a good chunk of the year and replace him with ace from ppg all while the now now was happening .
were still in iraq so literally it was the same as before you asked this question
my husband is convinced the sample was n't a good '' sample so he will be happy to hear that he gets a second chance .
i do n't even know if ivf is possible for us financially if it is it would be years and i just do n't think dh could come to grips with using donor sperm .
i wonder i 'd fertilaid for men is all ita cracked up to be ?
stopped talking to men stopped looking for someone to be a partner and just focusing on myself .
i 'm surprised at how many comments have said never .
i have a neurological disorder that affects my heart rate amung many things and it 's landed me in the er numerous times .
unfortunately i almost always have a panic attack in these situations .
usually if i ended up there it 's because i fainted in public and someone called 911 .
so i wake up confused then yelling people bright lights then emts and end up in a place i dislike and ultimately freaking out .
never once have i been told it 's anxiety/panic '' by an emergency room doctor even though i 'm obviously panicking .
i ca n't believe that there 's so many doctors who 've not had patients who had anxiety and were medically ill .
it 's not like one makes the other go away .
i usually end up being pumped full of fluids and given an extra dose arrhythmia medication and allowed to leave since i 'm pretty much asking to leave the second i see an ambulance .
i suppose in the sea of people feeling like they 're dying while panicking it would be out numbered 500 to 1 but never ?
i do n't doubt it it 's just crazy to me .
gives me free will does n't give me signs or any logical reasons to believe in him and then puts me in hell because it is an unforgivable sin ?
i 'm a bi woman and i do n't think that 's a good idea .
i think it 's healthy to let kids explore their gender but if it 's sexualized or exploited like pageants are child pageants are creepy af then it 's wrong .
come back when you can type legible comments in english .
wd-40 removes the remaining adhesive once the stickers are off .
ca n't give any advice about actually getting them off tho
priolly cuz it 's too overpowered at this point .
imagine a high level giant with strong coa throws a hardened strong punch .
fleener allen moncrief geathers good and haeg were all better picks than anyone polian took other than castonzo and mcafee .
and that 's not even counting his real hits like luck hilton and kelly
yeah i thought most people were aware of this .
honestly shitting on anyone for donating no matter how they do it is dumb .
for anyone coming straight to the comments it 's because the other films feel more recent to him compared to the first three .
he does n't imply any kind of criticism of the last five or yates as a director .
i think those early ones are ok. more time has passed .
i can detach myself a bit more from that kid .
i did see harry potter and the philosopher 's stone not long ago for the first time since the premiere and i actually enjoyed looking back grint said using the original british title for harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone .
but the more recent ones i definitely could n't do .
i could probably go up to harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban.
would n't it be funny if dragon got nerfed faster than shadow if ever ?
the ai wo n't be able to close you down in time .
almost impossible to get in their box so take timed finesse shots from outside it .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
it was something new and different nothing mind blowing .
i 'm sure over time if the concept picks up there will be smoother transitions .
barb 's death scene is iconic still terrifying to this day .
hey getting someone else to do your dirty work for you is the oldest trick in the book .
bernie 's negative campaigning against beto is actually strikingly similar to the technique ted cruz used .
i 've never heard bernie tell his supporters to stand down .
in fact has bernie ever even commented on the help he got from the russians ?
how the russians very effectively tacked on to and leveraged his team 's negative campaigning against clinton ?
sagittarius a the black hole in the center of the milky way — i assume if there is an advanced space-faring civilization the center of the galaxy would be a hot tourist attraction .
plus who does n't want to see a black hole ?
the munchben association of america will gladly repair your munchben for free !
all you need to do is submit a log of all his behaviors to the link below .
begrudging agreement is sort of my specialty and it 's a pleasure to meet another toxic personality .
i heard a good theraputic treatment for serial killers is a hot lead projectile shot right between the eyes at high velocity .
what character in friday the 13th part vii the new blood 1988 has telekinetic powers ?
i wonder if this counts as satire or something that will allow it to slip by ... such a blatant rip off money grab .
louie louie version by the kingsmen was wrongfully banned for supposed obscene lyrics and it was widely believed that the smash hit 96 tears was recorded in a garage basement actually so it spawned many garage bands .
currently looking to get out of the industry after catching myself being angry towards a coworker for calling in sick .
he ended up not being sick after j had the revelation though .
he teased like a rhino on his insta and asked for people to run up the likes knowing year0001 gave him full notice that it would not be dropping .
make sure the hd toggle is active for the best 4k60 viewing experience .
it 's for the events at the barlcays center not for mania
i love what christian did for us but i think we got the best out of him .
sure he has all the potential to get better but i 'd rather continue our great success this season and cash in .
not to mention it 'll be nice to get rid of the casual people who pop in here asking about him all the time who do n't care about the team .
some people prefer the for glory rules than others .
i 'm having a similar issue i just use a wireless charger now
nessa categoria do credits warp no setup do recorde atual eu levei cerca de 3500 tentativas de runs foram poucas que consegui chegar até a parte do glitch final parece besteira mas esse setup atual é extremamente inconsistente e mesmo sendo uma categoria tão curta é ainda mais dificil fazer tudo de uma só vez sem perder frações de segundos .
e atualmente não estou jogando mais essa categoria por estar no limite da execução humana mas faço runs do setup antigo que é mais consistente apenas pra exibir pro pessoal ao vivo
do noed insidious nurse behind exit gates to fuck with people .
jars are n't even an issue if you know to give em a good smack on the bottom or hit the lid with the blunt end of a knife .
i play bl2 on xbox one but i ca n't get into an online game at all i 'm a lvl 43 axton i 'm thinking about starting fresh as something but idk what yet
brian kelly and dabo swinney both look like they 've done lines of hard concentrated cocaine
i have heard people from sam saying the same about na so ...
i 've only really seen these on ebay brand new for about 800 .
so that 's good to know i 'll have to figure out how to scout one of these used .
funny you should say that littlekuriboh in fact did abridge part of season 0 .
move that hand and you 'll get a lot more cum
i know places like pacsun and urban outfitters sell champion pullovers for 50 which is n't exactly walmart pricing .
i lost round 1 to him and when he lost round 2 he shoots that horse in the head .
well generally i use two hands to type but am too lazy to raise my left hand to phone when just browsing
now grow some balls and stand up for yourself you gullible autist .
this was the book that got me interested in learning about chernobyl somehow never made it into the school curriculum at all
your submission has been automatically removed because it contains an all-caps/all-symbols title or body .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
i think he shows up after you reach an ending without him .
for me he jumped i reached one of the main endings forget which i think the meta one with pearl and then when i went back to choose bury the body instead colin was back .
in the flash through he even said i told you i 'd see you in another life.
currently you have a tenancy in a property and the council will class you maybe unofficially as securely homed '' even if your accommodation is in a poor state of repair at least you have a roof over your head .
count yourself lucky ... there are many families who are out on the street that would give anything to be in your position ... this is the thinking of the council and to them you are no longer a person with individual needs you are now a statistic '' .
as you may or may not know a local council 's top five most loved things are in order
wasting their budget on needless research projects to create more statistics
wasting their budget on new and innovative ways to display and market these statistics
making poor strategic decisions on the statistics they have collected
blaming their previous poor strategic decisions on the old statistics as they have newer statistics that disprove the previous .
they love a bit of stats down at the council and are forever re-actively '' rather than proactively '' acting to keep their statistics looking good ... you need to become a bad statistic for them .
a bad statistic that they will want to rectify quickly .
if you go into council temporary accommodation you will become classed as in temporary council accommodation '' which is a bad statistic .
they will keep you and others in band 2 as long as possible as it looks better on their figures than you all being in band 1 .
contrary to what the tv shows and documentaries portray to the local authority you are not an individual nor a family in need you are little more than a number they have to deal with so many people they have n't time to consider your individual needs it is easier to just label you with a classification priority level and number .
once you understand and embrace this concept however hard to believe you can then start to play the system to your needs and more importantly the needs of your family .
the council 's relentless chasing of good statistics and targets lead them to implement policies that look good short term but fail long term only escalating the housing crisis whereas if they actually took a logical proactive approach with their policies they could make a real difference i wo n't go into detail about what they should do in this post i could write a book rivalling war and peace 's page count on the subject though .
a logical approach may solve the problem over the long term 20-30 ish years but would make the stats look dreadful in the short term 5 years as such will never be put in place .
as a friend of mine who works for a local council once said to me logic u/tnpenguin717 https www.reddit.com/user/tnpenguin717 ? ! ? ! ?
do n't be so ridiculous this is the local council there is no room for logical thinking here ''
anytime before 2018 i would have responded t even worse than you to an op .
i always assumed people needing benefits were lazy did n't know how to save and enjoyed living this way .
growing up i saw people who enjoyed living off the government and i genuinely believed everyone was the same exact way .
this experience has not only humbled me but it has made me more caring and compassionate .
i would now open my home to a homeless friend with stipulations of course and truly be there for somebody in need something i would have never done before .
omg i actually just assumed that special program was somebody 's probably localized named stand and did n't think twice about it lmao .
thats good at least the game did n't result in any injuries considering all the iffy hits .
i know marchand left but there was no injury noted from the hit .
just look at the top left one it looks like its saying zoom
better yet ask a 25-year-old from a southern european nation like spain where youth unemployment is close to 40 if they 'd take a job in the u.s .
pregnancy is detected at 4 weeks gestation independently of when the cycle started .
if we are assuming conception starts at ovulation which i think we can both agree is reasonable to assume then in your scenario on week 4 of gestation if you add the other 13 or 16 days of the cycle that she was n't pregnant for you are adding another 2 weeks .
they date you from the first day of your last period .
not from the day you had sex that month .
anyway i read this as ptsd and was very confused for a second
just commenting in case you have that black powder rifle in a couple days time i 've been spending a lot lately so need to farm the vendors a bit
i much prefer going to the top of rockefeller centre than the empire state building .
it is much less expensive and it gives you a great view of the empire state building itself !
yeah when it comes to aura effects i reword it to any creature within xft of you so if you want to know if someone is in the aura you count that many feet towards the target .
if they are in it they are in it .
pray to rngsus that i get just one of my desired units .
then weep as my orbs are wasted on blue and gray units with no red or green in sight .
then sob profusely as i realize that i have once again failed to save up a decent amount for when they announce a banner with rinkah .
after that i 'll just blank out as i realize i 'm going to experience this again trying to get nailah .
that sounds hilarious its all about the confidence just make it into a joke and run with it
i 'd love khawaja to get out playing a shot like that
ok so avoiding the family death in another comment ... what 's something that would just completely mess you up in school or work ?
or an obstacle that you personally feel is too much to overcome ?
better yet what 's something you are good at that she 'd struggle with ?
you said she 's secretive and has a dark side .
how about meeting a foil like yourself and her arc is trying to let go of her isolationist ways and enjoy the world and trust someone ?
this gives you a goal that you can relate to and the mc can build towards in steps ... suffer set-backs if someone she opens up to betrays her trust probably through social media and has to climb back up there again to understand that life has ups and downs and as you grow older you need to accept the moral/ethical gray that is the world ?
i 'd imagine there is a mod for this there is probably a mod for everything .
just type into the steam workshop mod search bar for civ v/vi good start area '' and you 'll probably get something .
or use the ige mod that allows you to edit anything including tiles and resources
while i agree with the title this build does not accurately reflect that statement
said thank you and expressed how much they liked my teams food with a clean plate
should the state evaluate those who may have an allergic reaction before administering the vaccination ?
i hope he comes good but i watched him miss sitter after sitter this season .
q what do you get when you order fried chicken from utah ?
well if you 're asking my opinion i love the fur .
it really depends on how severe your acne is .
i 'd say the 30-60 mg is the average though .
if you 're apprehensive start low and work up .
i was on 40 the whole time and i had moderate cystic acne .
withdrawing us troop presence is complete different from ending a military alliance .
did you even read my post about withdrawing us troops from korea ?
that song played in a bar and i spent probably an equal amount of time looking for this remix as i did editing the whole video ...
lol im not giving up my 2000 feedback 15 yr old account
the name maggie just stuck in my head and could n't let it go .
that has nothing to do with contracting other diseases though
does n't mean it 's not tacky even when barca and real madrid do it .
it was a mistake to do it in the first place .
the epl walked back selling naming rights to the league after their contract with barclays was up .
they wanted to be more like the nba and nfl in that regards .
in my opinion it 's hack and huge mistake that clubs were allowed to sell the front chest area in the first place .
made them look amateur in comparison to rest of the sporting world .
teams are even criticized for not having a kit sponsor .
i 'd actually buy a jersey and pay more then what they 're selling for now if they did n't have a huge corporate logo splashed on the front .
i do n't love that the nba sells spots on their jerseys but it 's a modest logo on the shoulder and the colors of the patch has to be in the team colors .
he 's downloading the game just for me what .
top 10 draft pick 2nd overall pick if we 're lucky
you get a turnover you get a turnover everybody gets a turnover !
i agree but i would say most people are n't throw bricks off an overpass 20 god damn times '' stupid .
it isnt funny and wo n't be funny you idiot
yeah i get that but never an entire song .
for me its always a fragment of the song that will repeat and drive me crazy even if its a song i like .
as part of our rules on self promotion https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_self-promotion we require that you have at most a 10 self promotion ratio .
this means that for every post or comment that promotes your youtube channel fanart blog soundcloud etc .
you need to have at least 9 other posts/comments that do not .
comments on your own posts do not contribute to this ratio .
your account appears to be over the 10 limit .
have a question or think this removal was an error ?
sooner or later you will need to load the assets and generate the upcoming zones and areas .
also bad for people who need like a piss or food break .
minimum wage could be a whole battle among states to pull in labor .
ill have to try it to see i 'll keep this in mind .
even in our wildest imaginations hamilton or vettel still win ...
so here 's the thing about ep 22 it 's only bad writing because it 's the literal words being said that strain believability .
story-wise you have lelouch destroyer of worlds accepting defeat at the hands of overwhelming love and kindness and what destroys this is purely his hubris .
bloody jones got his own eastern european he can speak in broken english to .
i can see him being a 170 for patora and full power
if it 's not an employee employer more then one relationship then it 's socialism
when i used to work on the registers i seemed to sell an unusual amount of brown onions ...
i had a similar issue and they replaced my modem and did a cable strength test .
turned out i had cable degredation and they replaced it all free of charge .
my team was fighting this guy in x-01 power armor .
fight moves south to my precious water merchant camp and all the turrets start shooting .
upvote this comment if this is a proper you seeing this shit ? ''
downvote this comment if this is not fit for this subreddit .
i 've seen so many memes about it recently that 's it 's giving me a nostalgia trip and i have n't seen it in a long time .
okay i 'll do that if it does n't work then i 'll just get a raspberry pi .
my car was impounded after a wreckless driving ticket i did nothing to bend the tie rod like this .
i ca n't think of any other explanation for it to be like this
john peters was the guy that produced superman lives .
he insisted on having a giant mechanical spider in the film when that never got made guess what film he plonked it in .
they do ask for donations but that 's not really how they take advantage of people .
they 'll start what they 'll call a bible study '' with him but it 's really an indoctrination session .
they have books and magazines that cherry pick bible verses to prove '' that they are the true christians '' .
their ultimate goal is for him to join them and become a member .
this is how they get a person 's money .
once a person is a believing member they willingly hand over money to the group .
hell they have entire magazine articles explaining how you can leave your home life insurance investments savings etc to the watchtower organization .
they prey on the sick and old by telling them soon god will make them young and well .
they prey on the grieving process by telling people soon god will bring back the dead .
have him look up the australian royal commission into child abuse in the jehovah 's witnesses organization .
they 're a very controlling group that will take over his life .
he 's being lied to by them and will be taken advantage of in my opinion .
on christmas ... of course we are assuming this is a family who celebrates christmas .
and i 'm just here in the us living my life as corporate chattel .
i prefer crown and rose either with white or red wall .
he bosses these games because we normally sit off him and give him all the time in the world to stroll around and make passes .
he 's never been good technically with the ball at his feet pressure him and his limitations show .
we 've done it to him in fits and bursts during previous games but never consistently like we did today .
if fpl has taught be anything it 's to be grateful for the returns that you do get that goal and assist could have been eriksen and alli in another week .
plus there 's still a half to go they could well get more
this sounds like it is what we 're looking for .
it does n't look to be the case based on what i saw in this thread
i went to byu for cs in the 90 's and washed out so take anything i say with a grain of salt .
he passed ricciardo in mexico and hamilton in malaysia to win .
his wins in austria and mexico showed his great tyre management and consistency .
if your first games are high point games and you consistently get 2-5 points after that you do n't really run into many in na .
but if you get stuck for awhile and people catch up to you you run into w key warriors again .
when in solos or duos i 've been guilty of this too you 're having a good run and get stuck for an hour and you just decide your night is over and w key everyone for practice .
i hate it when people w key for no reason but i 've done it in the past when i 'm frustrated .
v bucks for top teams wo n't fix it cause it mostly happens under 35 points depending on the time and pace you 're progressing .
i do n't like dwarves that are just scottish people and you ca n't write a novel where everybody is incomprehensible but you can write races that are similar to humans with differences .
i mean everybody likes the vulcans in star trek and is n't that what they are ?
for the most part they are similar to humans but their obsession with logic and lack of emotions is very clearly alien .
nobody says i have emotions so i ca n't relate with vulcans therefore i dislike star trek ''
would have liked a goal but brighton are strong at home and we created enough to score and they have created nothing .
got disconnected in the middle of ranked games two times .
the match just stops and after 30 secs whole lobby gets disconnected with a server error .
whatsapp is there now you probably had the very first icons .
i would never listen to people who preach this type of advice .
vgro is nothing more than a collection of the same index etf 's you would pick individually at a set ratio 80/20 here without having to rebalance every year because it 's done for you .
i like them because it 's even less hassle than having the underlying funds individually and the cost is competitive .
i 'm 40 and in vbal now and it 's no different than what i had before .
i chuckled here i was telling myself i was too mature for these kind of jokes .
do n't post low effort comments like joke threads memes slogans or links without context .
help prevent this subreddit from becoming an echo chamber .
please do n't downvote comments with which you disagree .
the downvote and report buttons are not disagree buttons .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicaldiscussion if you have any questions or concerns .
planes are actually mostly at a disadvantage if you ca n't handle them very well .
if you are picking the plane it 's mostly because you want to have fun and it can be a lot of fun when flying with friends .
there are different things that need a fix way more urgently than planes .
just think you could be like me and work from home .
edit by my comment i intended to say you would feel like you 're stuck between a rock and a hard place .
while i like working from home it also sucks because you feel you never get to connect with people in person .
i 'm marri d now which is better than before after 3 days with out leaving the house and seeing another human i would go nuts .
i still go stir crazy even being married but it 's not as bad .
yup updated the store reset it did everything i found online .
i do n't know how to contact microsoft for this they do n't seem to have live support .
it was in st joseph cemetery in the garden district .
i went back a couple months later to find it again it was gone .
i probably had the most fun dungeoneering because i 'm weird and like to play solo a lot .
inside that isolated world your skills are profitable very early on .
i 'd finish a dungeon but be there an extra hour collecting and crafting stuff to sell so i could buy more things to make .
kill the boss collect some gold buy a bunch of ore smith some daggers sell repeat until no more money .
my point was that there are some differences in philosophy between fate and gurps and it would be very easy to overlook those and make a mashup that works badly .
there is one thing i do n't like about the game is that they are no auto save like botw .
a few times the kids switch it the cartridge and i lose like a good hour of game play .
fun fact 90 of people that join at the beginning of the year quit before february .
hello u/kmmc1976 please take a look at our rules and use a gender tag .
if you think your gender does n't matter please use ? .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/analgw if you have any questions or concerns .
which i obviously am not bitch no it 's not that obvious .
what was he supposed to do ask your gender ?
togli quella s devi essere fiera di averlo visto in lingua originale
sounds to me like op just wanted to vent which is fine .
is n't that the point of this whole subreddit ?
but why should it be all life be equally valuable ?
context this is a comment on an '80s remix of numb
she has ms bonus and her r. while her r technically does n't work as a standard dash it 's still a 1.5 or whatever second window where she is out of melee range refreshing cooldowns gives her an extra second to wait for her team and can also use it to dodge important skill shots .
this is on top of zhonyas giving her more time to stall .
do n't tell me she does n't have mobility .
aside from sparkings i also level up shallot because of the story missions and events anything else gets nothing it 's why i hate the rising battle i hate rarity restrictions .
there are a lot of cases of psychological studies being abandoned due to controversy .
things that might possibly link traits race or gender to certain behaviors .
caring about gifts is not the same as materialism gifts can be time or experiences or putting thoughts to paper .
shoot most married couples have joint bank accounts so it 's not even like they 're gaining something monetary they did n't have before .
this is a gorgeous instrument and i 've been seriously contemplating getting an 8 string with fanned fretboard .
can you all make other recs for a good mid-entry level 8 string with the fanned out frets for maybe 1500 ?
if it 's against a team we need a game on i 'm in .
but if wakefield is throwing 125 against the 2-76 os i 'm throwing my tv
fun fact if you grow up but still look young everyone will keep treating you like a child for years !
ninja theory failed to understand dante is soo cool becuase dante is super lame sometimes .
this is the kind of thing i can see people and myself walking into a bathroom and walking right out and not telling anyone .
i have the pixel xl and have no problems .
go back to where you got it and have them take a look .
oh and the other idea about a screen protector .
in that case i would wait to launch it during around the same time as there is a huge soccer event so you can ride the trend
you are literally saying that your happiness or acceptance depends on a positive reaction from the community '' by the way i would like examples of that please .
so you have to accept yourself for who you are instead of going around looking for approval from others .
in between multiple sessions during the same day i store those parts in a large tupperware or plastic bag in the fridge and then wash them in hot soapy water each night .
if you have any positive feelings for him and otherwise he 's a good husband maybe give him some time .
he may yet prove to be a good father .
he might have been nervous worried about change in the relationship and concerned about being a father .
if you feel safe discuss your feelings with him .
if you do n't feel safe then by all means seek safety .
black manta is aquamans most important violation except for maybe orm .
he was maybe a bit lame in the movie but he 's a real badass in the comics and an absolute necessity to future films
i 've adopted every one of my dogs 4-5 over the years from shelters as older dogs over 2 years old at least and never once had to address any major issues .
the only major issue i 've encountered is that my dog now had apparently never been on a leash before .
every other dog were all normal dogs and were all already potty trained and no major behavior issues .
also at least for me with the history of my adoptions i 'll always take the chance of issues of an older dog over guaranteed months of potty and behavior training .
what 's the point of a post like this ?
first this team is marginally better than last years points wise and our away record was n't truly horrible until the 2nd half of the season .
and you may chalk up a lot of it to luck given how bad we 've looked in so many games .
secondly there 's really no need to do so much damage control '' before a game .
let 's go out there and root for a win .
it 's not the end of the world if we draw or lose .
it seem 's like you 're just throwing a series of excuses out expecting a loss .
relax mate this game is n't the defining moment of the season .
there 's no reason to make so many excuses as if this is game over for arsenal .
let 's root for a win and enjoy the game .
there 's no tier one na teams outside of liquid in na
i should n't have laughed at this but i laughed until i cried .
the main issue with bullseye is his ultimate takes so damn long to charge you never get to use it before the round is over or he dies because he has no health
i used a super easy non-traditional recipe https www.allrecipes.com/recipe/193307/easy-mochi .
to make the dough chocolate i added cocoa powder and for the filling i used a chocolate pudding packet prepared with half the milk the directions give .
as long as you live near an asian market to get mochiko flour it 's incredibly simple !
my grandmother was handed around to her uncles like a prize for sex .
likewise when my mother came of age barely she was handed around to my grandmother 's brothers .
dr pepper is👌👌 but i do n't need commercials to tell me that so never i guess .
if you can go to a physiotherapist a good one can screen you and give you some basic exercises to do .
they should n't be super strenuous and you can do them lying down .
i know you said that you ca n't afford imaging but if you have a health plan it might be covered to some extent ?
i went to a physio for my back and from looking at how i move and doing a simple physical exam they were able to identify some issues with my hip and shoulder being off .
windsurfing near malibu begging thru the spirit of cortez nba for address to lebron 's home .
however they typically do not do it brazenly in a group for seemingly no reason .
i do this all the time and it really helps
ban this song eye of the tiger and enter sandman except for the obvious .
also going to ignore the strong implication their fault '' for having a mobile phone and or gaming system etc ...
nobody is seriously debating nationalizing gm or taking all the money .
walmart has taken 20 to 40 billion a year to the bank free and clear .
paying living wages is likely to mean a couple billion less .
the impact of only taking home say 38 billion as opposed to 40 is difficult to justify when so many labored to help make that sum a reality and the difference to each of them so meaningful .
personally i want assistance to be there make it a lot less painful to use and structure things like wages so that it is used when necessary and will do good .
i do not feel great about those dollars basically going into the bank which is what basically happens today .
the take home profit after all is said and done is .
you made one other point implying a job is not worth enough .
someone has to work at a loss to do it or we subsidize the job or combine it etc ...
i do not care which but this judgement you make so easily is not productive .
judging people like that is no rationalization we will benefit from .
it is toxic and a great many people are where they are today and need better .
i do not think much of such toxicity and it has no pkace in the economic discussion before us .
fewer than 10 percent of my peers are capable of what i am .
if so we are lucky hard working and may have talent .
those are also not basis for this economic discussion .
we are higher up and all the stuff you said makes sense for us and a lot of others .
rather than look down at the people moving my garbage making sure my shit goes away waiting my table i am thankful i can do more .
but those people are going to be or increasingly are fathers mothers and the work they do frees me for more of the work i do that you do .
it is not hard to see the value of my society and what all that shit work does in my life .
we need to be paying for that or we will lower all of our standards and not get the full benefit of all this labor .
there are some rural small business scenarios community ones too where maybe harm would be done .
happy to have that discussion but bernie was not wrong to question how come so many working for the richest guy in the world has to be so damn terrible and financially unrewarding .
i really do not need these big companies nor what the vast majority of them do .
and no joke the same talent that gets me places also means i need buy almost nothing new .
i have spent maybe 50 at amazon in years .
now i also think i am an outlier on all that and feel most people benefit .
there can be a far more equitable arrangement and still billions will end up in banks .
those moms and dads raising kids being able to be present involved .
that does not happen much as we continue to replace family wage jobs with shit jobs .
over half this nation struggles hard and can not weather an unexpected 500 expense .
everything you said could makes sense if that were a much smaller number but it is not and it is growing right along with the tax cuts massive profits rising health care costs and rising personal cost and risk exposure .
that over half will get more expensive over time and the kids ?
nobody wants to face the real cost of society and as it goes unpaid those costs which emerge dwarf those we have been skipping out on for over 40 years .
we shifted things toward the top and now we see it does not trickle down and both the correction and future is way more expensive than it ever had to be .
lets just say many people are just not impressed .
there were several games last season where he was a beast liverpool at stamford bridge and spuds at wembley stand out in my mind .
do guys mainly only approach women who they find attractive for dating/keeping around in general before getting to know them deeply ?
not mainly but it is a very strong factor .
do guys only want to bang girls who they find attractive as fuck buddies/one-time thing sex only ?
like whistle when you see a hot mama '' ?
most likely this guy https ih0.redbubble.net/image.286736359.2796/ap,550x550,12x12,1 transparent t.png would do it .
would a guy go for a woman if he finds her unattractive but she seems about his level therefore ‘attainable ' to him ?
if there are no other fish in the sea then yea he 'll go for the unattractive '' dudette you 're talking about .
you should take a break from caffeine for a while .
if garbrandt is willing to move to fw that 'll be a fun fight
the fact that there are 80 images tagged as pyrocynical ...
hey if it 's not your thing then it 's not your thing .
i only watched friday the 13th and a nightmare on elm street because i wanted some context for freddy vs jason
i would be willing to lose my head in between those thighs
we had no business getting back into that game in the first place down 12 with 6 minutes left .
you could tell sju 's legs were gone down the stretch .
hate to win on a blown call like that but it 's better than losing .
super happy for shavar from walk on to scholarship player hitting a game winning three .
if this is any indication conference play is going to be bananas .
i do n't think he fears it though because when he is scared he points his ears forward he is a lop so it 's easy to spot when he is scared .
i do n't think he plays with it as opposed to him being eternally curious or thinking it 's a friend .
he does n't care about it when it 's not being used which might be he thinks his friend is sleeping or something .
i still firmly believe my bun does n't realize that my two feet are not a separate being from me he likes my feet better than me .
😂 like he would cuddle my feet or follow them around but if i sit on the floor to play with him he does n't care for it unless food is involved first .
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought .
please remember that as per rule 1 all showerthoughts must be original and unique .
pregnancy definitely caused me to lose all modesty and embarrassment of my body .
i had problems that required a physical therapist to see my lady parts weekly and have to massage around them a d use those tens pad things .
like yep bodies are weird but nothing to be embarrassed about .
nah man she got mad judo throws she do n't need no guns
mid 40s stephanie marie and ms goldgirl some people ca n't stand her but i like her so go figure
ca n't he just throw her down the stairs and hit her stomach till the fetus comes out
remy was n't jacking up 3 's this game though .
he only attempted 1 until that last second 3 which he pretty much had to take in fact if remy did n't take that last second 3 he 'd have jacked up just as many 3 's this game as zylan .
edwards jacked up 6 but he made 2 of them ... which is n't a great percentage but i can live with that .
they definitely need to improve their offense from this game some way just not sure zylan who averages the 2nd most turnovers on the team only to dort who is even more out of control is the guy who you want to run the offense thru .
the public transport wo n't be efficient for night time activities .
namely by not throwing loose garbage into the rivers .
i tried desperately to figure out if you were a guy or a girl because goodness you wrote this well .
not to my knowledge cost availability rate application amount of n leach rate timing are some of the main points that the ag industry myself included are concerned with .
i do not know how she managed to get them .
she asked me to take pics at a friend 's mother 's funeral .
ive had all the usuals ... monsters chasing me trying to drive a car while going blind drowning in a tsunami whatever .
but for some reason the worst one was when my family and i were in some fantasy planet and a car ran over my dads foot .
i was freaking out and then his foot just pops back up like it 's some cheap plastic toy and my dad is trying to convince me that he is fine but i ca n't stop sobbing .
i had that nightmare like three times and always woke up absolutely terrified .
is tobey not supposed to have what he wants ?
i 've never had the dark cut green just the dark cut straight .
i imagine it taste like the longcut just a little more burn ? ? ? ? ? ?
i live in arizona now and damn do i miss pontillos and red dragon .
i 'm assuming you were trying to say that you have a light car so it has a tiny gas tank
the opposite of the heavy electric cars with huge batteries
from my understanding there 's not a way to do this .
the universe is as far as we can tell infinitely large though .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/1sacqa/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/dirtysnapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i would probably say i would like be like him .
if she always sleeps in the same spot you could add a bed sensor to sense when someone is in the bed and play a sound to remind her .
they 'll say triggered '' and laugh about it for days or longer .
stop acting like these people have any interest in reality .
last time i was in that situation i found that when i did get an in-person interview i 'd be a nervous wreck because i would hang all these hopes and expectations on this prospective job .
at the end of it i just sort of gave up .
i decided that i ca n't attach any hopes or expectations on any job interview instead i should go to it expecting to not hear anything back .
for the experience to get out of the house to talk with new people .
this put me in a good headspace and i ended up acing the next interview .
if you are in the us and you have n't yet you should apply for food stamps it 's enormously helpful .
i 've been playing rainbow six siege since the closed beta back when it was a fairly small game and the community was like qc is right now largely friendly lots of early-adopter players that give back good attitude when you provide it as well .
since it 's grown bigger i 've watched the rot set in and now that community is getting toxic as hell .
it 's doubly-confusing when this guy clarified that he was n't talking about the subreddit .
it suggests a lot about how his 73 minutes went ...
i do n't know if it 's because i 'm drunk but they made it seem like brown had 108 yards all season instead of per game
hey do n't compare that thing '' to scum i 'll take scum over that bitch any day .
undead has the best ship options and is generally best for stage pushing .
people only go elf cuz its second best for pushing and beats undead fleets in pvp and people go human purely to beat elf in pvp and cuz human ships look good .
arena is no longer really a reason tho its been buffed so everyone gets basically the same rewards as long as you battle more than 5 times a week .
its best to state your point whether the other person likes it anot .
hey thanks for the detailed response i 'm training core primarily for the benefits to cardio amateur triathlete .
so i 'm planking along with other more dynamic core exercises such as russian twists mountain climbers and leg raises .
so as far as the goal goes i 've found the core training is definitely having noticeable benefits during other activities so i 'll look into variations and other exercises that suit my goals better .
i love the co-ops even tho they can be a source of great stress and i would love to see more .
there 's the risk of fragmenting too much the playerbase and having extreme queue times everywhere .
it 's not too late to help the world in climate change and of course with also our help .
a lot of shows have been bookending with movies lately .
we are however exasperated by doggo '' culture and badly behaved dogs .
we also resent and get tired of being considered to having no place in civil society or of being inherently evil or creepy because we do n't fawn over dogs .
if you have the time have a read through the thread and you will find some entertaining posts and also why some of us have genuine grievances about dogs .
our main target is n't men in their teens twenties or thirties .
the male fanbase will follow no matter what happens .
for some reason i heard family medicine is easier compared to others but if it 's that stressful i hope i heard it wrong .
if you do n't want to be dragged round ikea you can play football instead .
your mother will be entitled to a share of family property but building a case wo n't help that .
your parents get divorced they agree to a split post divorce of property and assets and the courts approve .
it does n't matter if one pretends another is an arsehole .
at your age you have a very strong say in your personal custody situation .
you will be given court appointed representation and if you say you would prefer to be with your father that will be given prime consideration .
ask your father and his lawyer if he can use any witness statements regarding the custody of the 9 year old if she 's making false allegations that will count against her .
you 're lucky you 're only a month in man either go for it or force yourself to move on before it 's too late
neither are easy but that 's just the way she goes
next time someone asks me what my dream pc would look like !
i feel like nigga '' is offensive in the same capacity as something offensive you would say to your friend you may call them retard dumb fuck and other things but you are clearly overexaggerating it and you both know it .
nigger '' on the other hand is a proper offense .
but yeah i am not american as well so i might be as well talking out of my ass .
it just seems that using nigga '' is a little bit more appropriate somehow ?
edit i 'd like to apologize for my comment .
i wanted it to be under 1500€ so if you have any suggestions pls stay under my budget of 1500€
more specially at the click of the key or button the development and eventual popularization of internet buying or shopping was a clear evolution .
in 2018 has seen quick development in the figure of online consumers 4.2 billion to be precise .
with the rapid boost in the figure who 've access to internet technology the figure of users who 're turning to e-commerce has also boosted .
would ordinary ppl be able too see them on camera ?
if i initialize my switch will it unlink all its current nintendo accounts and i make a new one will those old accounts be safe if/when the console gets hit with a ban ?
okay so i 've decided to post the second half of this story in the comments .
also a few people were interested in the beings that i talked about to i 'll touch on that in this .
in the last part of this story i mentioned that our lives changed .
soon after seeing this apparition it was like if a switch turned on for the both of us .
our intuition was through the roof but most importantly we were seeing these things that people would be skeptical about .
for example balls of energy clumps of that same misty fog stuff and weirdly enough these balls or clumps or energy and mist would sometimes follow people .
not everyone has one but a selected few did .
what 's even worst is that some people had spirits attached to them and these people walked around without even knowing it .
now even though my sister and i could see these things we both were n't always seeing the same thing .
she could see some things that i could n't and vise verse .
another example for this was i could see the balls of energy going through and around people and i could pick up energy of spirits very good .
my sister on the other hand could see more .
she was one who could see these spirits as they really are .
so while i could only see or feel their energy or mist my sister saw the spirit as whole .
she describes it as seeing a regular person clear as day .
now knowing this let 's skip to the last 3 months .
my family and i were out shopping and buying groceries when suddenly my sister finds a penny on the floor .
she picks it up and says that whole oh find a penny pick it up '' thing and stuffs it in her pocket .
we laughed it off and then she suddenly stops and looks out into the distance .
she had that same look on her face as when we first saw that misty fog humanoid .
i noticed this and quickly ask her what over there .
she shakes her head and just says oh nothing . ''
i brushed it off quickly not giving it another thought .
days later after that whole incident i 've noticed her acting strange .
i get a little worried considered what happened that day .
my mind instantly went to her being possessed by something .
which was very possible considering some of the things we seen .
i finally get the courage to ask her why she been acting weird .
she was hesitant at first but she eventually told me everything .
she told me that it had all started when she picked up the penny .
she had seen this tall completely dark grey almost black man .
this man looked as if he had clothes on .
the face was kind of blurry although you see where the eyes nose and lips would be .
i asked her to tell me how tall he was and she pointed to the very top of this painting we have on our wall .
this instantly told me it was something very different .
she later went on and told me that he followed her everywhere she went and that he was very protective .
i asked her if he was in the room with us right now and she said yes .
i told her i was n't picking up any energy and she just said exactly it 's weird . ''
i 'm not going to lie i was a little skeptical by the whole thing at first .
especially since i could n't pick anything up about this entity being here .
and there were some spirits we had in new home and i could pick them up but there was nothing about this man she had told me about .
couple months went by and little by little i ask her to tell me more about him since i was already a little interested about who or what this thing may be .
she told me she could n't say much because he did n't want me to know everything .
please note that the things i 'm about to say next about this being are the only things i know about him specifically .
not all apply to the other being i 'll talk about later .
i learned his name but for the sake of this being wanting it to be private i will not say .
a symbol usually used to summon or manifest something in this case himself
he keeps this private to him my sister and me .
his purpose of being with my sister is to be a protector or guardian and companion .
i 'm not sure if there 's more he keeps his conversations private with my sister .
he 's capable of feeling human emotions also my sister and are linked in a way so whatever he feels she feels .
this is about all i know about him at the moment .
next part of this story will be about the next being .
very similar to this one but also very different .
i 'll be glad to answer any questions you guys may have .
i know its a lot to accept full truth to but i know the truth .
i have no reason to lie about these things .
i just need to know if anyone of you know or have had any contact or seen anything like him before .
i know i 'll be called a liar or be told that my story is fake and that i just want attention but to those people i only have one thing to say .
there 's more out there than the human eye can pick up .
learn how to 'truly ' see get in touch with your psychic abilities because we all have them .
and once you do then you can call me out on my bullshit .
next part will be posted in the comments as well so look out for it .
you do n't have to believe all that stuff literally in order to be christian and anyone who says otherwise is ignorant of the tradition of the church .
it sounds like you were a fundamentalist then and you 're a fundamentalist now you 're still making the same epistemological errors .
if you 're looking for workshopping on this you 'll want to post this over on r/dmacademy instead .
as it stands right now this also does n't feel concrete enough for another dm to pick it up and use it in their campaigns so i 'm going to remove it for now .
if you 're able to get help on dma and polish this up though feel welcome to resubmit it !
this definitely has the potential to become a good series if op should decide to go that route ...
i made the same one for christmas from chef jon .
it honestly is easier than it looks like he says .
1. ideally public transportation would be improved to the point where there are enough seats for everyone because trains and buses would n't be so overfilled all the time
1. if a doctor decides to issue pwd certification to someone suffering from mental illness without it actually being true the problem is with the dishonest doctor not with the privileges afforded to pwds on the basis of mental health
1. to try to draw a line between physical incapacity and mental incapacity as being clearly different from each other is asinine on its face given that one controls the other and the other houses the one
i doubt that this was the only seat that the guard could have tried to free up
you are a beautiful person my friend you have stunning eyes hair and smile .
i do n't know what you are going through at work all i can say is you deserve to be happy !
it 's said a picture is worth 1000 words i can tell from looking at you that you seem like a really fun and interesting person .
please never call yourself super ugly again the only ugly thing about you is the part of your brain that thinks you 're not good enough buddy .
may not mean much from a reddit randomer but i 'm proud of you man .
i think it 's been quiet long enough to deem it safe to sleep '' .
go up your dialpad and enter one of these ... ca n't remember which one works on the n5 https imgur.com/wvzxud8.jpg
i do n't know i 've never bought gems before i will today i will tell ya what happened for me
okay this game has become quite pay to win but it is still alot of fun and has quite alot of content for a mobile game .
even if you dont do alot of pvp its still very fun .
do not trade with nnnerdy u/nnnerdy or jasonjxgl u/jasonjxgl .
always have a seller comment on your thread prior to making the transaction .
this shows that the user has n't been banned .
you can check the ban list https www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswapuk/wiki/ban_list for a full list of banned users .
as title suggests i 'm looking for a laptop .
i 'm open to pretty much any size/performance level .
although i would ideally want to spend less than £450 my budget is flexible if a good deal crops up .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hardwareswapuk if you have any questions or concerns .
it sounds pipe-dreamy but i 'll keep my eye on this one
not what i was hoping for but still a fun pic 😅
this submission must be reposted because all posts must be titled hmmm in lower case .
if you uploaded this to reddit deleting this post will also kill the link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hmmm if you have any questions or concerns .
dicaprio is my man crush and i am a guy .
i am not afraid to say when a dude is badass ... .
he could be anyone you really want him too .
i wish vets would stop docking tails and ears .
well done to the girl that 's no mean feat to get to third level as a woman in a traveller community .
i think these access programmes are great anybody i know who came in through access programmes for deis areas have been some of the most hardworking sensible people i 've known because you know it was only themselves who motivated them to study whereas the rest of us had family/grinds/schools pushing us all the way .
oh right because our national budget is less than 15 and those were the only two options .
fucking libtards sending two thirds of our money overseas .
also like just because you spent 10 on whatevs does n't mean you need to throw 5 in a dumpster fire .
if you think you 're friendzoned or they need space just respect it .
we are all individuals and we do n't always get what we want when it comes to other people 's feelings etc .
your post has been automatically removed because you posted an email address .
please pm the user you wish to contact this is to protect you from spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ps4homebrew if you have any questions or concerns .
whilst putin 's pandas might be banging on their no deal drum it seems that at least some of the uk 's politicians do n't want to see the country flushed down the pan .
i once read an account about a pregnant woman in a small appalachian village .
when her baby was born it had a scaly growth on its neck .
the mother was convinced that the skin condition was due to the fact that she had n't eaten enough cornbread during the pregnancy .
this is n't about you and your shattered dreams ... . this is about op posting a screenshot .
after i lost the first one i said fuck it and did n't try with the rest
its not meant for a high end graphical experiences so that should not be an expectation .
kinda like buying a ds and being dissapointed it doesnt run switch games .
locked store fronts are inevitable for arm based processors .
until you can shove a console grade apu in a hmd and bring down its thermal and watt consumption down to that of a cellphone processor high end possible steam based standalone hmds wont exist and waiting for that is probably a decade away .
the new t t supermarket near westmount and university has decent hot chinese food .
it 's not the highest quality say compared to cameron but it 's passable and similar to various homecook dishes you can choose from .
another place i recommend if you are in the west end of waterloo is wok wagon at columbia and fisherhallman .
strictly a takeout place they do n't skim out with their dishes and taste is decent .
i do n't need one i eat it by the block .
seems like everybody is missing the obvious that there 's a lot more males on reddit .
other ideas are good but demographics is probably the biggest reason .
add me bro we can use another big man especially one that can shoot ill make sure you get as many attempts as the defense allows
just a suggestion you should probably get a better graphics card especially since soon they should be going down in price .
it made me laugh i gifted you an upvote .
the psycho who called a few other users and i shills '' just pm 'd me .
i felt like this was especially well-done it was partially foreshadowed and we knew fou was something but we were n't sure exactly how it would have an impact but at the same time this certainly was n't something we could have guessed would happen .
you drop them something they will show it to friends and then eventually trade it off .
i hope all jon jones hype videos involve copious amounts of footage of him swimming from here on out .
being upvoted or downvoted has nothing to do with being right or wrong .
4 1983 was taken to see both anh and esb prior to seeing rotj .
this might seem extreme but i 'm a chronic phone-loser phone-breaker in a fancy-fierce strict house ...
if you 've got a desktop or laptop computer get an android emulator on it .
i mean if you 're at a computer i doubt you 'd have to worry about power but if it 's dead-dead android emulator .
i use bluestacks log into covet on it using the email it 's connected to and when i 'm in an emergency situation i use that to submit any looks i still need to .
it 's a little weird to run the game on one but once you get the hang of it it 's only a little bit of a pain and it 's better than being kicked .
seems like gaijin believes the entire playerbase consits solely of people who have completed most or all of the game and are fiercely loyal to it .
new players are n't going to stick around and even the old players are human and are going to get fed up eventually .
is it just me or is the spoiler tag doing nothing on mobile ?
just shows uriah talking with joe on the thumbnail .
lmao that man harden said you 're not gon na block it bro
i would feel weird with the tv staring back at me while i 'm trying to watch it or trying to get intimate with my wife while watching a movie .
i 'm pretty sure she is telling you to do something for the 12th time and you are still not listening to her .
discord groups are allowed to be promoted on r/needafriend but the links are not allowed to be public due to potential doxxing conerns .
please remove the link and let us know so we can reapprove the post !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needafriend if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's pinned in the camping sub at r/campedc and also in the pinned post here .
as for promoting the subreddit i 'm personally not really in the business of spamming our link around .
best way to see more activity is to ask questions and start discussions
i just do n't understand why people do n't like leafs fans ...
brings me back to childhood with all the games he does .
i see it 's not rly spoilers i think cause it was introduced in chapter 1 .
i most likely was n't paying attention when they went over that part .
i mostly processed it as this is the place where u do ur gatcha pulls have fun ! ''
her character does n't add to the shows she just takes up a lot of pointless screen time
watch something like akira and then basically any other anime movie and tell me there is n't a difference .
it should have been still has a good amount of beating coming to him '' .
that co-worker should never be in the vicinity of anything more powerful than an electric toothbrush ever again .
i have never understood the hate for jerry jones .
the guy is the smartest businessmen in the nfl and has built the most profitable sports brand in the us .
it 's funny to think fellow nfl execs hating a guy who literally helps them make money .
he knows bad publicity is good publicity and has three rings to his name .
now his player management skills are suspect though he loves to compete and always does his darndest to put his team in a position to win and profit .
on the other hand owners like daniel snyder and mike brown are like those fish that suck off sharks under-bellies for free rides .
they offer nothing to add in the grand scheme of things and it is arguable that their complacency hurts the nfl with tons of lost opportunity .
fuck them and i just wish there was a large enough boycott to kick them out of the nfl as they have no right being in the club .
it 's a niche market and if they want something to type fast then they can buy normal shaped artisan caps .
i appreciate it about as much as i appreciate modern art .
did he have any control over the jets roster ?
whenever i watched they seemed to have issues with talent rather than coaching .
i did n't watch closely though ... so what do i know ?
no islander fan is going to win in this thread .
if the leafs win every leaf fan in here would be tavares went to the better team
islanders winning and it 's let them have this this is their stanley cup .
every time goetia is like ‘give me your anger and despair ' i 'm like ‘you do understand how jalter and avengers in general work right ' ?
i just realized that given how much i used her on the way goetia was undone by his own creation .
writing is as easy as math to improve fast get the grammar book and it will help you get points because if your writing and math improve to almost perfect you almost mastered 75 of the test
i have no idea what discord is but i 'd love someone to chat to.we also have similar diagnosis .
yeah that 's true but in manila it would cost around p300 haha .
i watched aquaman in glorietta and wow the price difference was really something lol
my primary care physician here in town signed off on my paperwork that i use for my landlord and anything else animal related .
it was just a form that said i needed my animals for emotional/mental reasons .
i could be wrong but maybe it 's the one called this will probably get me banned ... ''
liliana of the dark realms https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/m14/102.jpg ? 1530720494 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=liliana 20of 20the 20dark 20realms sf https scryfall.com/card/m14/102/liliana-of-the-dark-realms ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/00cbe506-7332-4d29-9404-b7c6e1e791d8 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er http edhrec.com/cards/liliana 20of 20the 20dark 20realms
cumming inside someone you deeply love thats on birth control after not cumming for like a week straight .
you are definitely built to breed ... and you know donkeys are too 😈😍😘
given that you can work with medium settings at 60 fps you can have a few options that you can select from .
the dell g3 https www.amazon.com/dell-led-backlit-i5-8300h-quad-core-geforce/dp/b0799htxq3/ref=as_li_ss_tl ? subscriptionid=akiajqyfxgbz6mdo67hq linkcode=ll1 tag=laptop04f1-20 linkid=cb7a6e60bb35e7db4a60b985add1a481 language=en_us is a good laptop to look at as it has a decent cooling system which is ideal for gaming .
its not too bulky and you can choose your ram and storage ti change the price of the laptop ensure you get an ssd its worth it .
he looks like that neckbeard who kidnapped the powerpuff girls
i 've only got two palettes so far and already it 's a slight hassle not being able to tell them apart .
i imagine it 'll only get more and more annoying as time goes on haha thanks brain !
in truth it would be rather difficult to give an objective answer to this as different economists would put a higher value on different environmental influences .
plus there is just so much going on in individual equatorial nations that it 's hard to point to a particular one rule fits all scenario .
with that being said as far as i can tell the biggest environmental influencer on the equatorial economies would probably the hospitableness of the climate .
nations on cooler climates have access to things in greater abundance than on the equator i.e .
delineated seasons an appropriate amount of rain not too much not too little and better landscapes for the creation of urban centres engines of economic growth .
all this allows for better farming leading to more sustainable population growth specialisation and ultimately better education .
now i would just say there is a very little causal link between proximity to the equator and poor economies .
it just so happens that those on the equator have suffered greatly from a myriad of historical problems which have fucked them over for centuries ie .
south america is rife with corruption and has had a troubling flirtation with authoritarianism and central africa has been repeatedly and relentlessly fucked over by europe who not only devastated the region but have deepened tribal animosities there which has sapped the region of any stability whatsoever .
so in conclusion environment has an effect on equatorial economies but what has had a much bigger effect has been historical factors .
this is what i 'm trying to figure out .
if you have energy you wo n't have enough minerals and need to buy on market hence driving up prices and requiring more energy .
if you go the other route you depreciate mineral prices .
i seen to always end up selling food and goods just to stay afloat early on .
none of that invalidates that fact that it belongs here .
it could also be argued that it 's not intended to look awful it 's just supposed to look good from a different perspective .
world conflicts are more driven by information deception espionage etc more ever nowadays for that purpose the cia is necessary .
they 've done some really shady and horrible shit some of which is/was beyond the bounds of their purpose and for that reason i wish they were more regulated watched over by the other branches of government but they still serve and important purpose on the international stage .
we play a game where we sit around the table and throw two dice the one who get to alike gets to pick a gift either from the table or someone else who have gotten one .
after two minutes a timer goes off and whatever gift you have is yours .
we keep playing until there are no gifts left .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
also would it be the first time meeting the family ?
if sterling hauls i 'm going to lose my mind .
sane benched also while i have jimenez and doherty on my bench i 'm on 11points .
ramos is the epitome of cool and collected now a days .
he left his aggressive defending in the past mostly .
but there are always a few instances like the salah thing that make people think otherwise .
i never found him at fault for that tackle after watching the aa replays
how sneak bow is even in the game still blows my mind honestly .
really makes me wonder how bungie plays their own game .
if they thought this was going to be a top tier perk which putting it on a curated roll proves they considered sneak bow to be a top-tier park then yikes .
i wrecked snodgrass ' form could do with anderson being quiet today not having him is slaughtering me atm !
i tapped the upvote arrow in the picture 3 times before realising i was n't tapping in the right place .
someone using their own anxieties to project upon an entire sub that routinely hits r/all ?
i hate that this might sound like i 'm somehow defending the home for fascists here another sad reddit classic
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=what are the some strange superstitions you grew up with ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it does n't matter if cyberpunk is n't godlike people will still praise it as such even if it 's slightly better than mediocre .
they 'll just say to everyone that hates it they do n't understand the finer nuances in the game .
damn i wish the redditors they quoted in the article had fucked up usernames lol
i do thats why im saying youre barking up the wrong tree
the helpless screaming and the creepy way brennan dances around and then shifts into total rage made my heart drop .
while shooting dinkheller in the head is just so soulless .
they look a bit creepy but i like what the concept is .
she used a type of powder that reflected the flash of the cameras once and that 's how it came out .
that was one of the most badass lines in movie history .
snyder did a great job casting all these dceu actors .
scott mission offers a hot meal every day to the homeless .
they have a free clothing bank and food bank and an overnight shelter .
they will either keep nerfing him give a rework that 's even worse than what we have now or he 'll get 400ms lights/feints/bashes .
ubi has zero idea how to fix the speedcancer they created without actually taking it back .
rob moore still holds the record for most targets in a single season .
sadly many of the end of year lists have it lower than it deserves or absent due to recency bias .
tesla stocks are one of the most risky investments right now they are already rated at a level where they would be if they succeed survive but it is also likely they 'll just get steamrolled by the automotive companies ramping up ev production .
jokes on you that 's only gon na make dismissals like these thing both routine and acceptable !
after rastakhan i already spend 2500 gold on rastakhan packs got 2 legends
my house was built around that time even a decade or two more recently iirc and my son made some reference to people in the future finding something of his inside the house and i explained to him the moment we move out the place will be a thing of the past and there 'll probably be a new family in a brand new house probably with pretty similar specs to the one we live in now before the weather changes .
they do n't even consider the cost of the house in my area lately in most cases the valuation most property sells for is just the cost of the land probably even minus the demo fees in some cases lol but at least all the new homes going in seem to be raising that value .
i 'm sure you could just depends on your control circuit really .
use and/or buy ibuprofen or tylenol within the next 48 hours .
tell your boss that you are sick and need a couple days off .
stay home to prevent others from suffering and you do not want to be made sick by someone else .
have a bottle of water next to you and tissues and when its over you can go to work .
i replayed it in october the sound of pistols shooting is still stuck in my head .
in that case take the fans out from this partlist and add the 2600x over the regular 2600 and make the changes to the storage as well .
pcpartpicker part list https de.pcpartpicker.com/list/tflklj price breakdown by merchant https de.pcpartpicker.com/list/tflklj/by_merchant
are you comparing that to other leafs game threads though ?
because i assume you only or mostly look at leafs game threads when we 're playing your team .
there might be slightly more animosity towards the canucks than we feel towards vegas or the panthers or something but it 's closer to that than to what we feel towards the bruins or habs .
the devs sometimes provide answers to both controversial and technical questions .
i 've been using firefox since firebird 0.6 and i am a bit more tolerant of their experiments/telemetry but full on ads is a bridge too far even for me .
i like bill maher 's donald trump who suffers from malignant narcissism ...
if you think about it it makes the whole thing even more enraging .
it 's not because wildcard ca n't fix the game they know how to easily fix it by buying more and better servers but they 're too cheap to do it .
the exchange rates vary i 'm sure but when i did it i believe it was like 7m rs3 gp 1m osrs gp .
do you recall the specific stories/books you 're referring to where the birds lead the way for people ? ?
all conquest/colonization campaigns are n't really as bright '' as some people think .
but that how the world used to be and colonization was pretty normal back then as far as i know .
i 'm sure that would generate a ton of good pr .
i really overdid it in 2018 and feel so bad about it .
decided a 2019 resolution is no online shopping for clothes shoes accessories household goods are fine .
already went ahead and unfollowed all fashion instagram accounts deleted pinterest removed a bunch of clothing targeted ads from facebook .
do you hold any of your own beliefs or thoughts or just copy paste quotes you think are relevant ?
im sure it was in the beginning but you 're right now it 's just out of control
yeah being centrist when one party controls the government and enables corruption at the highest level of power people have trouble taking you seriously .
im with you on you ca n't go to hell just cause you gay but jesus did tell the apostles that if they wish to follow him they must sell their worldly treasures and donated that money to the poor .
it started with the fish tank and then he got two more to cover the entry ways .
so his original intentions were good but he keeps messing with me
without more context we do n't know shit about the kids involved in this fight .
let 's not jump to conclusions without seeing a full video on how the fight started .
could just be two kids who want to fight each other no bully involved .
could be the bully is on the ground and getting worked by his victim .
could be op is right and the bully is on top .
is there any video on youtube that covers this locktype ?
outlands is good and brutal you should have a bit of fun once you get out of the noob zone .
hey op i assume this is your video since you posted it on multiple subs .
if you want to make more videos like this i 'd recommend you substantiate your points a bit .
if you 're going for parody i personally do n't feel you 've set it up well enough .
look at creationist cat if you want a good example of parodies .
i did n't think i would laugh as much as i did
i know i 'm trying to get my niece and nephew into them now .
i have n't read the mennyms but the name sounds familiar .
there 's a lot of great spots near killarney .
i 'm dying to get a sea kayak out to some of the islands near philip edward island .
illegals work at many many many companies throughout the usa should the ceo 's be held responsible for people 's actions many many many levels between them ?
that 's why ceos get paid thousands of times what their workers are paid .
how is taking responsibility as a leader such an alien concept to you ?
in my brain i know something something cows something something greenhouse gases something something methane something something farts so i ca n't really remember everything .
if he 's like the guy who did this with a 5th of jack at a party i went to he 'll be found later in the only bathroom in the apartment passed out with his pants around his ankles and shit everywhere .
i absolutely hate the pestering company who nags you constantly for plot details .
and often the dogs must have been larger than i was .
i randomly joined a server with some friends and we started playing .
i felt all the same feels when i first promoted .
i started questioning why i was doing this was this worth it ?
i had a long sit down with my manager and laid out everything i was feeling .
i still have my fair share of bad closes but i 'm at a point now where if it 's bad it 's not totally on me because business dictated otherwise ei .
you 've got this huge learning curve that you will overcome .
maybe you need to find the courage to sit down with your manager and have a real talk .
tell them you want to be great but do n't feel supported .
get some advise from them things they 've learned .
you can not do your job well if you are n't communicating with your team .
your team can not do their job well if they are n't supporting each other .
one of the biggest things i learned was that it 's not about me and my day part .
it 's about the next day part the next crew coming in .
my job is to set them up for success .
their job is to set me up for success .
trying to get rid of robinhood but i got some chicken nuggets in the oven with them .
that threshold of too similar '' is a tough one to pin down for anyone but yourself .
some people will appreciate the subtle intracacies that divide likeminded games into unique experiences .
for others overlap is bloat and one dungeon crawler or one area control etc .
i do n't think there 's a definitive answer for any pair or set of games .
it comes down to your preferences the size of your collection so on and so forth .
as for azul and patchwork they resemble each other in that they 're both modern abstracts '' with euro influenced sensibilities that rely on drafting as a central mechanic .
as others have already mentioned despite their similarities i do think they feel different .
for whatever it 's worth to you i like patchwork significantly more .
they wanted to see how the others would react see how their killzone works same reason as to why they put them in the maze .
that women shows what the world is now alby remembered what the world was like that 's why he did n't want to escape the maze .
if you read the scorch trials you will get the answer
i am saying how prager has a blatant american ego that he wants to defend and further his american propaganda .
he is n't spreading truth '' like he claims to .
if you dont have an ego in the game then iran is n't a issue .
we have a heavy shag style rug on a hardwood floor and it ca n't get up on it .
between the thick base of the rug and the tall shag fibers it is defeated .
they have to stop looking for a mommy figure to care for them and start doing that for themselves .
my life would be a even bigger suffering without at least it .
but in the good side the desire is diminishing each passing year .
i may go my own way in some years time if i am lucky .
they were fine it was very much a non-issue but then again we did n't have a christening or anything where there was a formal acknowledgement of the decision .
it 's hard to know how they 'd react if the time ever came that it was all put into action ...
i 'd be dead though so all i can do is trust it would all work out !
or even at home learn new skills for new jobs to gu further in career .
in any of this things you can find groups on internet who share the same hobbies like you .
people with same hobbies can not be annoying or boring .
library is a great place to find smart and nice people .
i had e period where i was thinking that people find me annoying but the truth was that i had that kind of boring friends who speak only what they see on tv about celebrities .
maybe your friends are also not on the same ‘wave ' like you .
there are a lot of nice people who are great for friends .
take care of your image and i dont say 10makeups but clean .
like this youll never run out of topics and is also a great method to get close/good friends .
i dont say to be a comediant now but dont make a drama from everything .
make jokes and make fun of things around you .
also in the end dont forget about the unwritten golden rule of friendship that in a friendship is not only about you .
listen and respect his/her problems like they are doing to you .
nobody wants to hang out with somebody who only likes to do and listen what only one wants .
a lot of people forget about to listen the other one .
good luck and have a happy new year ahead .
joe philbin has to be brain damaged in some way shape or form if he still ca n't realize long developing plays with a trash line are a recipe for disaster .
unfortunately 2k is a little too low for the coat i 've been offered 3k and up .
i appreciate the offer and if you 're willing to up your offer the coat is still here for now flying off the shelf fast though .
if not best of luck and hope you find your coat !
was not able to replicate this problem on 2x 2019 vms .
both configured as virtual machines one as a hyper-v guest on windows server 2016 with hyper-v role and another as esxi guest on vmware esxi 6.0.0 9239799 ...
hyper-v guest vm was installed as a server-core instance with adds dns dfs namespace .
esxi guest vm was installed with gui instance with adds dns dfs namespace .
he is the king goldfish '' in color and intelligence .
i did n't realize unsubsidized loans did n't come with a similar grace period but i was talking about subsidized loans .
he 's got a chip on his shoulder after allen embarrassed him all day the last time they played
you gon na act like you been responsible for water before you got out here ?
never played them the first time around because it sounded like they made the game i never wanted to play .
there 's an older book called how to sound intelligent in japanese with lots of these enumerated if you want to dig it up .
anyone who wants to play diablo on ps4 can add me ...
i am so glad the butler deal did n't go through .
butler imo is n't a superstar type of player that can lead a team into the finals .
he 's a good complimentary piece on a good team that 's it .
if we would 've gotten him we would have to try to compete to take advantage of his prime because in a few years he will start declining and that would have led us nowhere .
now we have the young core of winslow and j rich coming into their own .
i feel like it was only popular for a short period of time .
it talked about working all week and maybe even getting paid then going out on the weekend .
the fact that i can say cheers in most situations and fit in just fine
i think imagination is part intuitive but where you feel the information process in your body and how your clients react because the emotional body of the conversation might match just different specifics ?
if someone is willingly ready to accept information without question i would n't say what you are doing is harmful just be uplifting and the job will always be right ❤️
uhhhhhh can u not fam sheesh like how many times do we have to tell you to be nice ? ? ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
this is the first time ive ever loved painted in eyes .
sounds like you 're the one who has n't experienced hardship if you think this is wallowing .
i lived there in the early 2000sand since then have done a lot of work on the city .
it used to be real cut throat though and traffic never moved .
it would take you just as long to get around stoon as winnipeg even though it is much smaller .
at that time is could be possible that only 2 bridges could be open at any time .
you mean in 1 hour and half for jpn ?
i always knew my cat https i.imgur.com/lovncec.jpg was adorable but i never realized how uncommon his chin spot was !
because if this is real then oh my fucking god what
i do n't know about how other sylvaneh players play but i usually have woods on every possible inch of the board that coupled with their much lower damage output a quarter and less likely to hit !
foreign advertisements always amuse me both when they are very similar and very different to ones i am used to .
this sub is literally full of 15 year olds ... they just do n't get it
in roughly 1 1/2 years i have found exactly one griffon 's
i am also just when you said you wanted to say i have n't eaten all year '' it is something i say and makes me laugh and love saying it about everything showering talking to my mum etc and the whole prawn thing !
australian prawns are the best in the world no bias here
there was this report from a thread a few weeks ago here https www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/a5rzjj/2019_ferrari_supposedly_faster_than_sf71h_despite that claims ferrari 's 2019 will be faster .
how true that is we obviously wo n't find out until race day .
s not really a party just a meetup xd tho i intend to have lotsss of funsieeess .
oh man 3 pixels from the gas station and you detonate .
it 's worse when they serve up tea and take care it back before you 've touched it .
no idea how the italian law is worded but would it not be manslaughter ?
i can understand why he was charged though for it if he was behind the event which caused the van to have to escape quickly .
i know a lot of it boils down to individual physiology .
for example one of my friends gets absolutely twisted on a 100 μg of lsd where i can handle a 100 μg no problem .
i know its not mdma but everyone 's body is different .
thanks for the offer but is like to help someone who ca n't get there on their own 😀
unfortunately no brand seems to have fully figured out vegan hot dogs .
smartdogs are disgusting but i 'd say that field roast frankfurters are 75 of the way there .
so the correct answer is call your welcoming center and let your sponsor know .
however when i pcsd i missed a connecting flight due to weather and nobody knew or cared .
well for instance i learned i 'm genetically predisposed toward early-onset alsheimers sp ?
i also wanted to find out exactly how white i was .
have fun and sit in a comfy chair if you decide to go on hehe
the house shared with my dad and sister her family is about 280m^2 or 3013sqft .
400/4305 if you count the partly livable basement as well .
do n't pay rent but just 100€ for water electricity etc .
ss sofia is the natural healer with light heal and party heal on death .
s sofia santa only has physical attack and a agatha has light ball spell .
s undine is the one that needs life water from her a style .
a lot of people dislike ranger 's beastmaster subclass specifically which admittedly does suck and sucks hard .
there 's an unearthed arcana that tried to update them and xgte has newer subclasses that are well worth looking into of you want a competitive ranger .
do be aware favoured enemy and environment rarely if ever get used in most games .
better than bringing the kid 's ashes for take your kid to work '' day .
hmm fusion guard i think is a trap card that you get from duelling syrus and it negates effect damage by sending 1 random monster from your extra deck to the graveyard .
it 's very inconsistent though since it requires effect damage although you can use it to negate effect damage caused by your own cards to either yourself or your opponent like your cyberdark keel upon destroying a monster .
do keep in mind though monsters that leave the ed without being properly special summoned can not be summoned .
i tried to build a deck around the creator and cards sending ed monsters to the grave until i learned that who knew reading the rule book carefully was a good idea lmao .
good thing 2018 was more than just the world cup .
i have n't had a chance to play it yet but darkness rises is supposed to be good from what i 've seen .
to be fair there are a few countries like that already not even just 3rd world countries either but some modern day developed countries 14 is the age of consent .
capitalism is the framework under which every technological advancement in recent history occurred regardless of it being responsible for or even helpful to it .
especially after everyone complaining that new black mirror would just be 'what if technology but bad ? ' .
i had everything wrapped up except launching a nuke by level 40 .
it does take a lot of sneaking and server hopping though
get out of the hinterlands is a common refrain here the fact of the matter is inquisition is at its best in the main narrative missions and the companion content .
the exploratory stuff fetch quests and collections can get tedious .
unless you 're a masochistic completionist like myself you 're probably best off doing just enough in each area so that you have enough power to do the next narrative mission .
cries in visiting family in germany so ca n't watch it until i get back to england after the holidays
your post was removed because your account has too little post and comment karma 10 .
please feel free to post here when you obtain some more karma .
it 's really not that hard do n't be lazy .
if you think that this was removed in error please contact the mod team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubehaiku if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd like to find another dream catcher or other type of macrame hanging for the other wall across from it but have n't found the right piece yet .
i do n't think i will buy the offer but if it 's less than 10 dollar i might .
i 'm gon na do it i 'm gon na say the n word
it is a sub with authoritarian mods equal any communist regime the sub is what communism and the left represent authoritarianism lack of freedom of expression and lack of free thought .
i 'm well aware of the shilling in both posts and comments .
i 'd say care to try again but fuck you are insufferable to talk to .
you 're just a really really.. outrageously dumb person .
if so can you do me like a new years solid and just not reply ?
κύριος ευστράτιος στράτος θεοδοσίου και ο α ' αντιπρόεδρός της κύριος παναγιώτης φιλντίσης ως εκπρόσωποι της εκδοτικής ομάδας της ε.ε.φ. προλογίζουν το βιβλίο «pad μεθοδος – ο συμπαντικός ηθοποιός .
άπειρες ζωές άπειροι χαρακτήρες άπειρα frames» ένωση ελλήνων φυσικών αθήνα 2018 της ηθοποιού και σκηνοθέτη κυρίας maria olon rsarooucha μαρία τσαρούχα η οποία έχει κάνει σπουδές κοινωνιολογίας σε ιδιωτικό κολλέγιο της αθήνας και θεάτρου στο «αmerican academy of dramatic arts» της νέας υόρκης και ανάμεσα σε άλλα γράφουν «στο πρόσωπό της στη μορφή της διακρίναμε μια έντονη διάθεση επικοινωνίας με τον κόσμο της επιστήμης με στόχο να δημιουργήσει διόδους που οδηγούν σε συμπαντικούς σχηματισμούς ... η συγγραφέας το πέτυχε .
πέτυχε να δομήσει μια πρωτότυπη θεωρία που δίνει τη δυνατότητα όλο αυτό το γήινο σύστημα από άτομα ιδέες αναζητήσεις να προσλαμβάνει σκέψεις νέες θέσεις διαπεραστικές μεθόδους φθάνοντας στην κορύφωση της επικοινωνίας των ψυχών τους**»
εμπρός στον δρόμο που χάραξε το what the bleep do we know .
i raged with you until florida then i laughed .
you can do pretty much anything it 's an okay resume booster .
do n't worry about competency they 'll teach you how to use the software .
like do n't be actively stupid but they 'll also have a quality reviewer to ensure you do n't fuck up too bad particularly with the more challenging aspects .
you may need to upload screenshots and just put in some details so they can contact you .
i hear they compensate gold and credits to allow you to buy the lost weapons again .
i think having group games and discussions before hand really broke the ice with people .
it made the one on one bit much more relaxed
our last two games will not be easy vs releagating teams will be difficult .
hahaha in the future in the future why not now i 'm sure all those rich people ca n't be that stupid not to buy now while prices are low i mean their obviously money savvy .
ahhhh but alas the btc price is in the dirt do n't seem anyone 's buying more like their selling .
scarcity only works if the product sells it can be scarce and worth sweet fa .
lol ops team shit talked more than the enemy team .
we never know who 's a snake and who 's not .
i do n't care just stop posting for everyone 's sake .
there was a piece on fx guide on the making of the movie anonymous .
they talk about how it made the cast and crew feel like crap .
you can take aluminum rims to a scrap yard and get cash in hand right there .
not saying that 's what they 're doing but aluminum and even steel but they do n't pay as much rims can always be moved .
i 'm aware it 's common amongst aspies but are there ways in which to deal with it ?
i 'll reach out to the tottenham trust on twitter and give them this idea .
what about people with temporary problems who attempt suicide are stopped then later come to be thankful they were stopped ?
should n't we be offering helpful resources for curing depression and mental illness in suicidal people instead of offering resources to help them kill themselves ?
plenty of people only attempt suicide because they are in the moment blinded by their own sadness or anger .
they are n't in the right state of mind to be able to objectively look at the pros and cons of living .
all 29 people who have survived a suicide attempt jumping off san francisco 's golden gate bridge have said they regretted their decision as soon as they jumped.
the thing is suicide is very permanent and is generally an impulsive decision up to 80 of the time ! .
it 's something you ca n't change your mind about once you 've started and inexperienced teenagers who think they ca n't get help would drop like flies when ultimately they 're just blinded by their own depression .
she was slurring a little bit toward the end though .
listen to her try to say literally '' burger '' and window '' ...
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've dropped a place further than the universe cowboy bebop high school dxd and i might drop the monogatari series as well .
all the way through to the end even though tiga pissed me off immediately ... lol
big facts bro see that shit here in miami dailyyyy
i clean my ears almost every day and its always the same color
yeah i 'm also really trying to figure out what the hell is going on there .
there are also plenty of successful capitalist countries though .
while every country that has tried socialism has seen it become an inevitable failure .
sure youre right jimmy would have less of an opportunity .
but in a subreddit about helping people get motivated it isnt exactly helpful to run around yelling luck '' and opportunity '' any time a post is made trying to motivate people .
how about instead of commenting those things about why we should all just give up we try to spread a positive message about making an attempt ?
giving up just leads to being miserable and then eventually regretting that you didnt try your hardest .
would love it if he was caped and actively ditched it before combat .
why do you have such an issue with his comments about nfl owners ?
it 's not like many others have n't made the same comparison .
just depends on how much you want to work for postmates if it was me i would go back to that location you delivered to if you have android you can look at your timeline on maps if you do n't remember the address knock on that door and show that person the picture and say do you know this person .
after that go into the nearest police department calmly explain everything and that you would like to make a report .
they will give you a report number and you can get a copy of that about 10 days later
beep boop i am a robot this was done automatically please contact user u/jbec1901 if i am misbehaving
because this place is now just the mainsub with a narrower focus
accurate representation of the queen 's heavily scarred face .
little known fact that she runs an underground knife fighting ring .
i 'm just gon na let the scanlators work things out themselves .
i think i 'm lucky enough for these guys to be doing these kinds of things for free .
did you miss the frantic painting of all eagles fans as hoodlums thieves and neer-do-wells last year ?
yup it 's the same with eggs and durians.. much easier to crack from the inside
yeah i play on console as well as pc .
i prefer pc but i 've been playing console for so long
he looks like that seal that spun in the water with the saxophone ... double adorable
it takes the whole point of innocent until proven guily and due process .
he was robbing them and i would had done the same .
do not let the colts in i 'm telling ya they 're gon na flip the whole table ''
its going to be hard for you if you will go crit early this path is pretty expensive .
my suggestion would be to go dagger or sb build and try to 1 shot mobs for leveling .
create an alt character catch some pet and start doing pet adventure so you have a passive income while your sin-x is trying to gear up .
let 's see how that sarah huckabee sanders spins this shit .
a quick search of his history shows he is a troll trying to provoke a response .
it 's shit like this which groups such as blf use to justify their actions .
i had only 30 gems got 1 ssr and 1 sr ... then got fairytale dia on a flip .
i finally have at least one ur of all aqours members something i have n't been able to do for μ 's still missing maki .
him being in the medical field is n't the problem with his opinion .
hahaha that would be funny if it is a nip slip !
got really bad mono in college had to be hospitalized at one point and my liver started doing weird things .
so i would be on campus and my buddy would be giving tours yelling out hey jaundice ! ''
if you dont know what jaundice is just google it .
staying up and watching the ball drop on tv pretty much !
it 's only been two months so i would approach this just as have fun and see where things go '' .
enjoy what time y'all can get with each other but also keep living your life .
if one day it hurts too much to talk to her do n't .
if tomorrow you feel great and able to do so .
you can walk on the ground on the rails between trains and wall as well .
this song got me into pt and this album pulled me into prog metal .
joon is ... a whole lot of human to take in
and tae with a middle part and glasses too wow
join some of his fan discords and have notifications on for the announcement channels .
with the limited practice time nfl teams get already you would have to spend so much time that could go to coaching other important aspects of the game on making sure your team can lateral effectively and not turn it over way more than other teams .
it would be a ridiculously risky experiment that would almost certainly not pay off
do you only take books seriously if they were n't written by men ?
reclaimer has very little survivability save your shock tower if you get swarmed .
political terms fiscal quarters agriculture seasons and other things all change within that abstraction .
who drives 18 wheels rig through the london downtown ?
there 's even city '' tractor units hitting the market google the dennis eagle 44 ton tractor or mercedes econic .
alternatively if you start it at 22 seconds before the year the actual song starts right at the beginning of 2019
i 'd return the elgin marbles too and everything to egypt they wanted .
i understand us being a custodian for a while .
we have some stuff from iraq and syria it would be insane to return .
stealing is in the game ... no one can respect a snitch
guys voice is so much better in the dub it 's unreal .
i will freak out if i am on vacation or in some new place and i ca n't see the people i travel with or hear them .
i had a panic attack in a shopping location in papeete this october because my husband got bored and walked away to wait by the door .
however when i travel alone i 'm perfectly fine and capable of traveling alone .
if u had told me that a week ago id be laughing at you but with kanter being so toxic to the team lately it isnt a bad idea at all .
may help the young team in the long run .
i 've always supported your choice to be one .
try enter airplane mode and left open unc0ver for a minute before jb
he was in school studying marine biology and had an internship with the dolphin trainers at the local zoo .
i went to see him at the zoo and during the dolphin show i called out to him hey tucker . ''
in a crowded loud area with lots of people tucker does not sound like tucker .
avacados are quite calorie dense compared to other fruit .
100g of pineapple is 50 calories 100g of avacado is 160 .
lol na is north america rather then au xd but it 's cool just add me and we 'll play with some horrible ping xd
if he gets kicked out his sister will have no support .
the rest of us have a perfectly reasonable hatred for it
i hope he does n't get snubbed in the mvp voting because people assume he 'll have 14 more seasons like this so he has time '' .
the only way to ever really guarantee an mvp is to throw for 5000 yards and 50 td 's in a season which mahomes did .
actually the operator is completely immune to the infestation thanks to our void powers .
the infested hate hybrids is a line in the game i just do n't remember from where right now .
basically margulis thaught us how not to be destroyed by our own powers if the infestation could take over us they 'd end up just burning out .
i would imagine it 's like a nuke of void energy going off as the power ca n't be contained in a tainted vessel .
that 'd probably be worst case while the other option is just losing access to that power and becoming another common infested monster .
and before you ask our frames work because there are mechanical components in them that channel the power through it so their infested tissue which holds them together never touches the stuff .
of course it 's also very likely the infested culture we use to grow frames is made of stuff that can resist it to some degree .
granted i did n't make an ass out of myself in public but i 've come close .
i 'm a bit of a darker skin tone medium olive ish nc42 so i use darker blushes but it took me a bit to try them because the color made me nervous .
and now i love using darker/more pigmented blushes and working it up a bit !
backwards compatibility is new hardware being compatible with old software .
the xb1 is n't compatible with 360 games a selection of 360 games have and are continuing to be repackaged as xb1 games .
that 's why even if you own the 360 disk you have to download the game for the xb1 .
the xb1 's backwards compatibility is much closer to virtual console than actual backwards compatibility .
i 'll quote this to my wife to convince her i need two next year thanks !
for all we know this man could be a diaper lady !
the lone vikes td was a gift from the refs who were trying to keep it within the spread .
this is one of the best offers i have seen here saving this for later
i know if you 're going to play solo your gon na run the risk of running into friends playing together it looks like they were playing with some of the weaker players too so we 're not allowed to help our clan mates get some w 's as well
hang on we had the ball down 5 22-17 in the 4th quarter and rex just chucked it into an int returned for a td for no particular reason .
you 're making it sound like they utterly dominated the game .
i am 21 my parents know and some of my cousins .
it 's not like i am hiding it it 's just i have a huge family actually and i am not very close to most of them so i do n't think that 's something they need to know .
everytime i see one i have to point it out .
this one is spoken for but feel free to dm me if you want something else !
oh i know that but it definitely feels like it 's not as big of a thing in la .
i lived on the east coast for a year and trips to the breweries were a weekly thing .
moved back to la and the breweries are there but it 's not a big thing .
personally think it 's because there 's so much more to do in la while there 's not so much to do in the smaller communities of the east coast .
mc command center allows you to tweak pregnancy chances for regular woohoo if you 're not into the wickedwhims stuff
i 'm up by like 70 against mack in ppr .
dallas hitting those kinds of shots and we ca n't make anything .
maybe but i mean ... did you see the replay ?
it 's not like it was a bad call .
hard to tell if she was aghast or liked it ?
these trophies are near impossible to do ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you are just a fountain of horrible attempts at logic and apologetics .
ok. what would a not-half-assed effort have looked like ?
i 'll add that germany and japan even at the end of ww2 were far more advanced and developed countries than afghanistan has ever been .
in another post you said you were n't advocating nation building .
i asked what you meant and then you said this
i just want to take over a country and make it more free market .
we would militarily occupy them until a functioning government can be set up .
but that is pretty much exactly what the term nation building '' means and what the us attempted to do .
so again please explain what the us got wrong and how they could easily do it right with several more larger countries simultaneously .
oh and you still have n't addressed the issue of nuclear weapons .
have you given any thought to the 7,000 to 750 depending on whether you include russia nuclear weapons possessed by the nations you 're advocating taking over ?
it 's cool to meet people in person that produce though .
with that in mind what kind of music do you make and where you from caller ?
he was banned from entry to australia and was asked to be barred from ontario canada .
odd future was banned from new zealand and yet eminem was given support to go to a festival in new zealand .
not to mention canadians and australians continued to idolize eminem and were unhappy about the news .
just because a few politicians and border officials do n't like him does n't mean the rest of australians do n't as well .
i 'm sorry to hear i 'm sure he 'll be a-ok real soon !
being a pedo is only marginally worse than being a melee elitist 😤
some guys like having sex while the lady is on here period in fact it helps the lady .
was n't cameras in the 1800s kinda big and bulky back then ?
then whats really wtf here is that they took the time to get a camera and set it up before they actually helped her .
become a turtle and hide in my shell..meaning tuck arms and head into shirt
ah no i 'm a freelancer right now i just got my shitposting degree so i 'm working by myself for a little until i try to get a job at a company
why are you so afraid of discussing things right here ?
the only thing on the line is my reddit account so this should be an appropriate venue .
if you 're on ps4 it can be done .
i know but just stating that it 's not like an information perfect completely transparent puzzle
you can remember it by it is one lot 'a lot' .
the only thing i wish i could have done is complete the challenges before i finished the main story .
because some of the challenges are really hard with out an abundance of enemies to kill .
like the sharpshooter challenge that needs me to headshot 7 enemies .
im interested in the thought process of calling a car payment a living expense .
if you have a payment ostensibly you owe someone money .
the fact someone has '' to have a car doesnt make it not a debt .
all i ever got from my gfs ' fathers was a dirty look .
yeah it would be a great career move for pewds to just became a propagandist for the most racist farmers in history .
black people in south africa were by law forbidden from owning farmland .
and they were tortured and murdered for centuries by the white colonizers .
this is n't ancient history it ended in 1994 .
it probably sucks to be a white farmer in south africa but their ancestors literally moved there from europe stole the land and killed everyone who opposed them .
this piece of shit calling the current situation blatant racism '' is hilarious .
until 1994 south africa was literally a racist nation but these farmers did n't complain back then .
i have the same feeling maybe the way people vote is psychological i tend to be more picky on exhibition challenges .
still it 's worth to try i got twice to all star which means a digital display and i am excited about it .
cost 340 and had to be custom fit by a gun smith .
and after all that it 's not cycling well no matter what ammo i use .
my other guns do fine but the sig has n't been great .
i unfortunately truly believed in santa until i was 10 or 11 .
this cnn episode helped me explain to my dad lol
i matched with a girl on tinder and bumble .
she never responded on tinder but messaged me on bumble once and i never heard from her again .
i think these dating apps are really just ego boosters for girls with low self esteem .
i think it 's also important to remember that parents are n't the sole or even the most influential source of nurture in a child 's life .
either way the team is worse than it was this morning
got ta say i think these arguments fall really flat .
lovecraft wrote dozens of stories in the same universe each independent enough to not thoroughly demystify the ones that they succeeded .
bloodborne is set in an incredibly comparable universe so i think comparably independent stories can be told within it .
also you seem to think that because bloodborne 's ost was made with a live orchestra that a sequel somehow would n't be ?
why would n't sony just pour more money into that ?
fromsoft 's composers are all talented and it 's not as if we know that bb is the height of their talents .
these are just examples of what would be lost with a second bloodborne
i do n't get how we 'd lose '' this in a sequel .
do n't get me wrong it 's totally justifiable to not want a sequel .
i go back and forth on the idea myself but i do n't get why people just make up these strange justifications that often are n't even logical .
like i do n't want a bloodborne sequel because it risks being made without the same care that original was made with '' is perfectly reasonable .
but a bloodborne sequel ca n't exist because it 'll ruin the mystery of the first game '' is n't really a prediction that 's based in reality .
we really have no idea what a bloodborne sequel would look like and what aspects of the lore it would affect .
their ghost writers worked overtime when they found out em is on the track
it was n't doa my computer was working for a couple days then it went kaput .
i did overclock the unfortunately quite mildly kept the voltage under 3.6 but when the computer was boot cycling i reset the overclock and kept having the issue .
largest percentage of fans from an area or largest amount ?
because i 100 know the answer to that question .
taking advantage of the way tax laws are structured is n't necessarily tax fraud or anything else illegal .
ending it all if i do n't manage to make improvements towards escaping fa/being happier in life .
every coach says dumb shit and no coach gives candid real answers on a consistent basis .
what people do n't often realize is that white trash and ghetto '' types pull almost the same shit in different packages .
everyone i knew thinks i have too much baggage .
everything i loved to do i 'm fighting to love it again .
you wonder why i have n't fucking relapsed man !
no facial hair is n't necessarily an indication of low t. facial hair is determined by genetics .
i recommend listing yourself on a dating site for each of the towns you frequently stop in .
list that town as your location but in your profile explain the actual situation .
also 13 does n't distinguish between me at 25 and hippo at 40 .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
what made it work was being incredibly attentive to her .
it ended based on some other weird reason that manifested because too much of my own attentiveness to her suppressed who i was n't being .
i started with perennials then got intonstrawbeeys and tomatoes .
then i got a hold of an excavator and put a proper fence gate gravel pad beside my shop .
i like gardening cause it 's something out of nothing .
and dirt washes off better than leaky valve cover gasket hands
i 'm inundated with books to read and am trying to make my way through .
it 's neverending which i 'm okay with but sometimes it 's overwhelming too .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has been posted recently by another user
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
ok say that the contestant in deal or no deal makes it all the way to the end in which they have only their case and one other case left .
one of them has a million and the other does not .
is it truly a 50/50 chance that their case that they chose in the beginning contains the million ?
or is it a 1/30 chance since they originally chose out of 30 cases ?
i had brady in 07 manning in 13 and mahomes this year .
if it 's something unique it 's possible it went out of stock in the two days since you ordered it .
part of the reason you use amazon is because you know you 'll get something if you need it in less than 3 days .
i wish there was an option to not ship with amazon direct at checkout .
chat up some nice girl in fullybooked party girls ?
go to a free zumba sessio in one of the malls .
yeah except lawsuits cost money and if the client already paid him for one suit they 're already taking on a certain financial burden and would n't want to add to it with another suit even if they were virtually guaranteed to win which they would n't be because they 're minorities and this is the us justice system .
while i was living the bachelor life i had my stubs tacked to the wall above my bed but now that i 'm old and respectable i had to take them down .
i 've kept as many as i could and i could probably get away with a framed collage .
i hope to be a dragon one day i 'll just jump into my body morpher box and come out as a dragon and just consume all the people i can see .
you ca n't stop me because reality is nothing but a social construct .
i mean even windows xp had pen and sloppy touch input ...
maybe for the steelers but our offensive line is definitely not old overall .
orlando brown is a rookie at right tackle yanda at rg is definitely aging skura at c is a first year starter and on his first contract lg is alex lewis on his rookie contract or james hurst on his second contract and lt is ronnie stanley on his rookie contract .
three of our interior linemen have left in the past ten years and become the highest paid at their position osemele jason brown jensen .
and that 's also not including ben grubbs who was a pro bowler jeremy zuttah who was a pro bowler or ricky wagner who was our rt that got paid .
i think line is the one position we do n't have to worry about .
since the bye they 've been absolutely lock down .
lewis has struggled a bit in run blocking coming off an injury but he 's shown a lot in the past .
i honestly think we have six capable starters on our line right now and our other backups like eluemenor or whoever are not terrible .
khajiit cooking goes in but it does n't magically turn into some other food .
so you had time to write an entire paragraph of pontificating and preaching but not a single sentence of reasoning to explain why i was mistaken as you claim ?
now that there 's no more distractions let 's get this win tomorrow .
i 'm almost sure that 's a 90s flying v. i have one https imgur.com/a/inlwdml which i bought new in 1996 and i do n't think they were made like that since .
holding in farts when you 're in confined spaces .
idk man when you 're as socially inept as me you really ca n't be picky
my ex was irish a touch of the blarney .
she said she had an uncle who was an aardvark .
why are you having such a hard time understanding this
the shelter has to pay to house and care for the pet until it is adopted .
you are reimbursing them for that in the form of a fee so they can afford to continue as a non profit .
sale the exchange of a commodity for money the action of selling something .
fee a payment made to a professional person or to a professional or public body in exchange for advice or services .
adoption fee depending on the type of organization and type of pet adoption fees help cover the medical care of the animal while he or she waits for a new home as well as food and transportation costs .
the organization already paid to take care of the animal you reimburse them for services ... .a fee is not a sale .
has anyone ever said to you i purchased my dog from a shelter ?
they are being nice to the boy by acting like they do n't have hands just so that he would n't feel left out good message
so you do n't deny that you are a rapist you rapist ?
something tells me that he was soon kicked out because he did n't have the id to stay at that restaurant .
the correctly calculated standard hr training bands as a reasonable substitute for lactate level in most people are the way to go .
split is not what matters it will improve as you become more aerobically fit .
without a hr monitor you should do ss/ut2 at an intensity just below where you start to feel very slightly short of breath ie do n't 'guess ' a split .
it would be funny if fran was the one that conversed the pillars .
the rampage/k enb family are one of the most demanding but also advanced enbs .
you can also try running supersampling with nvidia settings for true anti aliasing .
also the one at rocketdyne was actually worse than three mile island
'' they instead opted to draft jesse puljujarvi a player with a name that the gm actually mispronounced when calling out the oilers 4 seed selection ''
lol-yes that was bush league and indicative of how much attention to detail so called 'management ' gives .
'' the home orange and midnight blue oilers jerseys look like pylons and i hate them ''
try watching them and the nashville predators play on tv-i ca n't it 's too ugly .
i 'm looking at the standings and we have 3 more than calgary wtf
philly legitimately has 3 of the most undersized guys in the entire league .
the cognitive dissonance it takes to accept with this level of moral relativism is astounding
for one americans call for war in iran all the time and the president himself has used threatening language targeted directly at iran and if you want to point to cultish versions of this just look to fox news and their sychophants as well as many other groups within america .
secondly what the fuck do you expect when you 've not only toppled their democracy but sent goddamn saddam hussein 's iraq at them armed with u.s. made chemical weapons for a decade in the 80 's you isolate them demonize them .
when you fuck with someone like that for 60 going on 70 years several generation you invite that kind of shit on yourself if we are to be honest with ourselves .
but most importantly and i 'm starting a new paragraph to show you i mean business attempt at humor if your argument that they say fucked up shit in their holiday prayers which i 'll not even challenge we 'll accept as true and therefore their media have no right to interpret document and publish information about history held any water then we would have to reject every godamn scholarly article ever written at a public school every news story we 've seen and 90 of the information we think we know about history and goddamn every subject for that matter .
however we do n't reject it we analyze it we research compare and we revise it .
so for christ 's sake can we just look at the information we 're provided compare it to other sources we have and have a real discussion about this shit for once .
and in terms of foreign relations can we make a goddamn attempt at peace and reconciliation ?
this has occurred because your title has a keyword associated with commonly uncursed things i.e .
feel free to post this image under a more creative title if you feel it truly is cursed but read this post https www.reddit.com/r/cursedimages/comments/9traab/read_this_before_posting before doing so .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
ugly sweaters are all about being silly and you crushed it !
thats why he always looks so confused every time the game stops
some of the steps just seemed boring and especially in the summer chain which i was planning on starting with there 's too many times where the players almost get the stone before it 's conveniently swept away again .
i think once or twice makes sense but when it happens over and over it starts to feel stale .
are there other superchargers where you do n't back in ?
you mean you 've never produced pope francis out of your asshole ?
thank you and why 36 '' 6 '' that 's nowhere near the poster 's size it 's a3
he did apologize for everything and has shown great improvement since it all happened .
but i always have a fear it 'll happen again and i 'll get hurt .
should i just suppress this feeling and let my faith in the relationship take the wheel ?
it works inversely as well and that 's why we had that 1000 point moonshot wednesday
and that cost is a result of the regulatory environment and other human choices that can be changed .
compare that to south korea where it 's 4x to 8x cheaper .
i love the way you build character decks its much more interesting when someone takes a modernized '' approach to a character deck rather than limiting yourself to what was only used in the manga/anime .
i would love to see your take on atem or judai 's decks .
how does 6l break it cwc with mana cost getting too high ?
might pick this up for a friend that is about to hit 25 how much ya lookin ' for ?
this chick is flirting up this black guy at the club .
she keeps talking about how he must have such a big dick .
finally when he gets up to leave she begs him to walk her home just a couple blocks away .
as they get close to her apartment she keeps persisting c'mon show me that it 's true what they say about black guys. so he says ok. so he stabs her and steals her purse .
i 'm sure that every time i eat one someone kills a kitten .
drinking on the lake led to gator spotting with a flashlight which led to someone going in .
then he swam around for 2 or 3 minutes .
rest of us all jumped in for maybe 2-3 .
really though on our lake only guy to ever even get bit that i personally know of .
this is true to a certain extent but there is no way a new f2p player will catch up with a player like myself who has been playing since launch over 4 years ago
they are not going to be able to compete with my 35 second gb10 run or my 42 second db10 run .
i can out resource them for years to come and out farm them for years .
you are correct in that the amount of gems given out on to f2p is huge but that still wo n't cover the gap
it 's a good villain that makes you hate them .
a good villain is a realistic character that the protagonist needs to overcome to achieve their goals .
you do n't need to hate or like them .
they just need to be a roadblock and a real person .
see this is a paradox if the villain is n't a compelling villain '' because we hate him how does magically caring about the world suddenly a factor ?
because for one reason or another you want to stop the villain .
vader did n't suddenly become a terrible villain the second luke stopped hating him .
because in vader luke had everything he needed to overcome to become a jedi knight just not in the way we first envisioned .
and make no mistake until the last 5 minutes of the movie vader is indeed a villain through and through .
i am not sympathetic with vader but i do not hate him and neither was the audience encouraged to because our hero loves him unconditionally .
and i suppose you 'd like a world with an angry rape god ?
better yet an angry rape god parading in your flesh ?
this is about why we should stop woedica and thaos ' plot .
it directly impacts the lives of our watcher and the people they live near in the way i described .
the above is not true in either baldur 's gate or poe .
i mean that 's one life out of countless others there 's probably one where you were a pirate or something .
in all seriousness when those lives awaken and i learn about them i 'll start caring about them .
until then this is the other life our watcher knows .
after their awakening is settled they even refer to it as themselves with thaos iovara and even into deadfire .
it 's a life whose personality and purpose are close enough that it settles into our own .
it 's called the point of the game and the illusion of story or something .
if your argument for a game people bought boils down to do n't play th game if you do n't like it '' and seriously that 's what you 're saying .
then i do n't know what to tell you other than r/fo76 https www.reddit.com/r/fo76
i said that there are reasons beyond personal ones that propel a protagonist forward .
in gorion 's ward 's case they had values instilled by gorion that are noted by the narrator as well as a drive to figure out the unknown .
there are plenty of reasons for why the watcher would unravel the events in defiance bay .
you just need to pick one and go forward with the story .
i am saying you need to complete a story to get to the end of said story mind you .
i do n't know a quarter of the people on steam not even getting out of the boat tutorial is pretty glaring .
this has nothing to do with pillars of eternity but rather deadfire .
regardless the vast majority of people play games and never finish them .
deadfire has it 's issues but people wasting their time is n't its problem .
and most people know the difference between a game and reality .
equating moralistic values and philosophical quandries in a video game to reality is an entertaining exercise at best .
completely missing the point as did u/icezera with a response that ironically said i was blowing things out of proportion .
this is n't about you or your moral values or your parents parenting i 'm sure you 're great people .
it 's to say your watcher is a person too .
with thoughts feelings motivations life goals and the same will to succeed that you have .
i mean it is but it 's not that to them .
it 's their life and you toy with it because it 's a piece of entertainment .
that 's not a moral judgement but it should put things into perspective .
what person sits by when they have the power to stop something insert your favorite spider-man quote here ?
what person would rather suffer absolute mental decay instead of stepping to the plate ?
what person who comes to a frontier refuses the call to adventure ?
and what person does n't want to learn more about the world they inhabit ?
if you woke up tomorrow with the power to reach into the fabric of life and death itself you would n't just sit there and do nothing .
maybe going insane or helping people does n't interest you .
but i 'm almost 100 certain your watcher does n't want multiple personality disorder or to live in a country falling apart at the seems .
and thus your watcher has drive and you the means to see it through .
i have a silicone pipe and water bong and i love them both !
i probably would have broken both of them by now if they were glass .
that 's because lesnar is easy and it will give him shit ton of money .
jones 's fans seem not too smart just like jones himself .
a guy can be commitment oriented want family and still go date many women even as other guys watch them date and lbh if thought actually happened know that that was no commitment and the end result was seen at the beginning .
that does n't mean that guy did n't or does not want commitment and that the girl was just a casual lay .
there are nutty girls who just want to bang .
did you watch his first fight in the ufc .
he was gassed before the first round ended and probably would have lost had he not got that ko
if i did n't know him so well i might think so but i am quite certain he has no such motivation behind it .
christians are shockingly blind to the problems in the bible .
good but i 'm 100 say lb griefed hard by using w towards soraka .
it was better to w towards riven ezreal x3 .
i do n't think killing leblanc would really win the teamfight after 37mins she is n't a champion anymore xd .
my 2 cents is do n't focus on the awards .
awards are what other people think about what you 've done .
and that 's great but this essay should be about you and your experience .
regardless of what others thought of you in this essay you need to talk about what drove you to do this activity what you learned your personal takeaway your emotions etc .
you can give the award a passing mention but make sure to concentrate on your personal satisfaction .
i noticed swelling and redness on the palms on my hands bottoms of my feet and especially fingers .
i reacted to every simulant and therefore they said my body is always dump histamines into my system .
this the type of song you got ta listen to in the rain with your jacket open and arms out
i 've done mountain climbing about 40ft high before let me tell u it 's tough shit i ca n't even imagine doing it upside down .
for me the best thing about test match cricket is the swings in momentum from hour to hour and day to day .
that and the cliffhangers at the end of each day or even at breaks .
team loses a few quick wickets before close of play one day and the tension is palpable .
arguing pedantic of foreigners and green cards and ignoring the 'illegal ' issue entirely .
i still need to farm for a bloodstained cleaver text .
i 'd like my main weapon to have a star effect on it .
sonic 's just cocky cause he 's getting a movie made about him do n't lose hope my man
usually when i have half tank i fill it up it 's a strange habit .
i think it looks better and more neat this way you did it
there was someone i spoke to on interpals years ago who thought communism was a good idea citing that they got sputnik into space before the u.s. got anything into space .
to be fair she was fifteen or sixteen at the time and this was four or five years ago so her views have hopefully developed somewhat since then .
that still seems pretty high for a used car that retails at 35k .
i used to think ancient greek were unintelligible too until i started trying to find similarities with modern words .
think of it from the end user 's point of view you show up hear an explanation of the issue and then shit all over it because you know what 's going on and they by inference they do not .
if you called your cable provider or electrical bill how would you respond if they did that ?
i was on a train headed to chicago in 8th grade for a class trip i believe it was about a 7 hour ride there .
about halfway through i need to use the bathroom .
since it 's still middle school all of my closest friends are on that train .
so on my way to the bathroom i 'm just goofing off making jokes or talking to about everyone on the way there .
about 4 rows away from the bathroom i see my best friend taking a picture of the outside buildings nature etc .
she 's aiming her phone at the opposite window so it 's towards the middle aisle .
since it 's my best friend i decided it would be funny to try and scare her .
in the middle of her photoshoot i popped in front of her camera and said boo !
yeah turns out it was n't my best friend but a lady who looked to be in her late twenties and who just happened to sit right in the middle of all my other friends .
she had the most terrified look i 've ever seen on a human person .
as soon as i realized it was n't anyone i knew my heart dropped my face was hot and i rushed to the bathroom with my head down .
i eventually mustered up the strength to do my business and get out of there .
i had to walk past her to get back to my seat .
orcas are a lot harder to hit while driving than deer are .
is it me or does it look more bryk than cmyk ?
do you design the screens for these colors directly or do you design for cmyk and use these darker paints for better effect ?
played through ac5 on a laptop with an i7 6700hq and a gtx 960m .
a clipper is a ship and port is the left side of a ship
i 'd be filming too if some idiot decided this was a good idea .
when the train tells you it 's going to wreck you do n't ask questions you just record .
when i 'm feeling hungry for extra flavour i go for salmon pan-seared with homemade teriyaki sauce .
yes license is kina expensive not sure of exact price though i think between 6k 13k
you need to move faster to quickly take advantage of vl lineup opportunities .
not sure why you are equating support for female employment with taking away their right to vote .
good childcare services child working tax credits and flexible work arrangements are supportive of female employment and help reduce the impact of single parent households on kids .
if it helps ke is a common diminutive so it is possible that his name was leyzer which in turn is the yiddish form of eliezer .
it often goes beyond taste buds into just overall health .
for a lot of people if coffee is n't good for them maybe because it causes ulcers for them or they 're pregnant coffee will taste pretty bad .
it 's pretty interesting how some people 's bodies will stop you from eating/drinking something by making it taste bad if it 's bad for you .
i never owned or considered owning ederson but i included him as he did deliver as expected for a while .
unless you 're getting allison spending 5,4 or more on a keeper is a waste .
ca n't sleep n league just ai n't doing it for me .
someone ask me a question does n't need to be hip hop related .
it 's mostly because i remember all the small quirks about their animals lol ive actually been given a few 20 tips before which is crazy
the secret double pump its such a ridiculously good combo even better when you hit it on console
this is a bot created by u/quiet__noise https www.reddit.com/u/quiet__noise please message my master for any inqueries .
i said that to suggest that lobbyists are n't preventing much research from happening .
the cdc is barred from outwardly stating that gun control would be favourable but they are permitted to perform the research that they want .
i still live at home even during college which sucks
thanks for sharing and thanks for digging that bit deeper than everyone else seems to have .
after i submitted my raccoon leaf there 's no follow up quest for me to rank up and the adventure npc does not increase my rank to e..
looking for some suggestions/recommendations on a decent software for basic video editing .
functions well with most codecs video will likely be recorded on a mid-range camcorder with very basic lighting and mic setup
this is for a small non-profit that has a project involving creating a video history using people 's stories .
the nonprofit needs to be able to take the interviews they record and quickly edit and format them for web consumption .
i just spent like an hour in the bathroom crying for no reason and for every reason possible .
i have a 44/45 on my ib but this may very well drop if i continue the procrastination and unmotivation+anxiety that plagues me right now .
i 'm so behind it 's not even joke .
does anyone have any advice on how to get out of senioritis ?
i have had many recurrent miscarriages in between 5 and 6 weeks .
my guess is it tops off at about 25 and then declines and i miscarry .
does anyone know why my hcg might not go any higher than that ?
i 've already been laughed at by health professionals so i 'm trying to get some answers by people with unfortunate experience in this .
the soviet union had a stupidly good education system one which no capitalist society could ever create or maintain
i found this thread https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/7k6ooi/how_did_the_education_system_primary_secondary from this sub that describes the development and changes of the education system throughout the ussr .
however it does n't really give a qualitative answer to how good '' it was .
this post has been approved by the mods and we promise we wo n't make it a habit .
just wanted to let you know our ' year of dice https www.kickstarter.com/projects/656072717/a-year-of-dice ' kickstarter .
it is 94 funded with only a few days to go and we would love your support .
we have two custom dice sets ready to go and three more in development .
this kickstarter is just for the two finished products .
i 'm ordering a full set of carcossa right now and wondering whether if the standalones are something i need .
i mostly play solo and duo occasionally with a third player .
i do n't have forgotten age yet however arkham supplies in my country are rather scarce and i 'm worried they may soon be unavailable for some time and it 's a legitimate concern .
deluxe expanions are easier to stumble upon so i 'm not as concerned about those .
would i miss out if i could n't get the standalones in the nearest future ?
for the record i 'm aware they come with no player cards .
looking for any pro-gay books or anything written by gay christians ?
my mother is an evangelical christian who strongly disagrees with the ‘gay lifestyle ' despite having a gay daughter .
we often have very heated debates and she 's agreed to read something from a differing perspective to what she 's used to .
something evangelical would be best but anything pro gay and christian would be great !
i 'm not sure i understand why tribbles need to be equipped anymore especially when items like the klingon beacon exist that only require you to have it in your inventory .
you only get the benefits once per hour and it 's a pain in the butt to switch it into your device slot wait the thirty seconds use it and then switch it out again .
there are many devices in the game now than there were when sto launched and personal device slot space is getting too cramped to deal with cumbersome item switching imho .
please consider removing the restriction to require a tribble or the gambling device to be equipped in a character 's personal device slot .
rental property fully paid off worth 150k currently rehabbing but will rent for 1200 .
student loans 20k at 5.4 with 234 payment per month .
between rehabbing the old property buying a new car 9k paid in cash and moving into a new apartment .
i 'm beginning to realize that i 'm incapable of meeting my savings goals .
just wanted some words of wisdom from someone who has been in my situation .
i know it 's temporary after the property gets rented but i just want some guidance .
hi seeing i could get this horse for free i assume for preordering or other paid bonus i was wondering if i can just get a new one for free from the stables if it dies like the warhorse in story mode .
i followed this tutorial https blog.angular-university.io/angular-material-data-table to get a table set up using a back-end datasource and it 's working great .
however i would now like to add a selection column and i ca n't figure out how to get that done .
the documentation https material.angular.io/components/table/overview selection only shows an example using a client-side datasource .
i want to go hunt in the snowy mountain but i need a good winter coat and it has to be stylish .
so basically i thought it 's a premium tank it 's my first premium just playing casually for free .
i always thought premium tanks are credit grinder '' ?
am i totally wrong or why do i only make profit when i win just like with any other tank ?
just a nice answer would probably help my knowledge .
i have this https imgur.com/6cpz8om screen under windows insider settings and the fix me '' option is grayed out .
i got a notification saying 18272 will expire soon and i should be updating to a new build .
does anyone have the trusted iso files for build 18282 .
please help me out as installing via iso file is the only option left for me now .
whose interested in making a killer team making money hourly and buying whatever we want to buy on gta online killing the competition thats in our way fron selling cars to cargo and more add me studewood88 psn let 's get it
i started my new job on a tuesday allowing myself one day of respite from my last position before i dove into another one .
i was set to work for a call center my job description was to answer phones assist customers and resolve problems for them .
i was nervous to start working in customer service but i was equally as excited to start in a new place with new people .
the sounds of keys clacking and phones ringing met me as i entered the call center .
the low roar of voices floated over the grid of cubicles .
i paused at the receptionist 's desk to ask her for directions to my desk but her chair was empty .
i looked around the corners and glanced down hallways to see if anyone else could help me they were empty as well .
confused i began to head towards the cubicles to find help .
in the first space i came to there sat a younger dark-haired man with a headset on .
there was no response from the man he did not appear to even have heard me .
a little embarrassed i moved to the next cubicle .
this desk was occupied by a woman her gray hair pulled back into a tight bun .
hello ? i asked a little louder this time .
i stepped closer to her leaning around her chair to see if i could catch her eye .
she was staring at her computer screen – eyes unblinking .
i reached out again pushing a little harder this time and her frame shifted slightly in the chair .
thank you for calling customer service – this is barbara she said flatly .
i began to walk quickly through the grid stopping to glance into each cubicle .
all the workers were in the same state – unfeeling unblinking and monotone .
the few that were not currently on a call sat staring at their computer screen silently .
this one was empty with a headset perched neatly on a telephone next to the computer .
a name tag was laying next to the telephone .
i have a very old omega watch but i have trouble identifying it .
sorry for the unclear picture with broken glass i 'm getting it repaired at the moment and i could post better pictures later if necessary .
thandaane thandaane new telugu song ringtone download of vinaya vidheya rama movie 2018
bist 100 grafik https tr.tradingview.com/symbols/bist-xu100 xu100 94.000 bandını yukarı kırmayı başarmıştı .
ancak şu an geri çekme yapması daha sağlıklı bir yükselişin habercisi olabilir .
i 'm interested in building a world with you where our adventurer you finds herself in multiple compromising positions of generally non or dubious consent .
here 's a sample prompt but if you have something in mind a paladin or cleric perhaps ?
the final test of the thieves ' guild was really more of a ceremony than a test at this stage of your training .
all you had to do was demonstrate your knowledge of chests and traps by taking the contents from all the containers in the floor of the dungeon and then make your way back up as an initiated member of the brotherhood .
needle traps smoke traps acid traps blade traps you 've memorized all of them and could disable them without so much as a thought .
you 've risen quickly in your order and already have a bit of a reputation for your skills which are already well beyond the abilities of a novice footpad .
unfortunately your achievements have stirred jealousy among one of the senior members .
she clearly does n't like you but the relationship has been mostly professional with the exception of a few sarcastic statements coming from her .
unfortunately and unknown to you this rival will be preparing all of the traps for your final test .
she has no intentions for you to complete it and thinks a sex-crazed bimbo wandering the dungeon would be a fitting end for you .
i 'd like to have some body transformation bimbofication tentacles or other monsters bondage humiliation involved .
i do n't have too many limits but generally i avoid gore and bathroom stuff .
please respond and tell me a bit about your character pictures are great but not necessary and if you have any ideas or anything that you want included let me know as well !
i 'm open to prompts that may tick off the same boxes so give me your ideas !
please send me a private message with any comments or feedback on how i work .
what are some good tricks to use to scare mormons and jehovah 's witnesses that go door to door ?
ive considered doing this for a while seeing as they really do believe in witchcraft .
only suggestion i feel like sharing is the one given by rocco silano who by the way is probably the best exponent of a thousands-year old technique and one of the most 'cliche 'd ' in magic not explaining specifically to avoid exposure .
since his techniques and style allow for things to literally appear/disappear out of nowhere and transmutate he had fun more than once with jehovah 's witnesses inviting them in to talk about religion .
once sat down he makes something appear/disappear and zip !
they 're out of the door alluding to witchcraft ahahah
i 'm just looking to fool around with any couples in boston who wan na have some laid back kinky fun with a young stud like myself ? !
i 'm a cute young and hung 24 y/o white guy with a smooth 7 inch cut cock .
i 'm 5'10 170 pounds in shape and 100 clean/disease free
i am very respectful easygoing down to earth funny and all about having fun !
i 've played with numerous couples before so i have a lot of experience
i live in back bay but unfortunately i ca n't host
i have a lot of pics and vids of me !
i just ordered a hill style fine tuner for my a string have one on my e string already but all the a strings that come in sets of the good string brands are ball end .
i snapped the ball off an old string and there is indeed a loop in there ... is this ok to do with my a strings from now on to use with the fine tuner or will i be damaging the string ?
news movies games reviews geek 'd up radio episode loki is dead ? !
avengers 4 trailer is going to come out soon i can feel it in the air !
we look into the future with our speculation glass and tale you the secrets see !
the max level discussion on everything gaming movies pop culture !
i got my male puppy at 8 weeks old .
i named him raf and overall he 's been a great dog .
he just turned 1 year old and is 3/4 corgi and 1/4 border collie .
i did n't buy him from a breeder just a lady who 's dog had pups .
i moved into my friends house and i 'm living in the basement .
raf spends most of his time down in the basement with me .
a few months ago he started to pee upstairs in various spots especially on the couch and on the pillows on the couch .
he never pees in front of me but he will pee in front of my roommates even if they 're sitting on the couch at the time .
i do n't believe he is peeing to relieve himself but in order to mark for some reason .
i consider him house trained as long as he is downstairs in my living area .
so all the problems arise when he sees my roommates .
just today my roommates came downstairs while i was n't home but raf was .
they mentioned that he started to pee in their presence .
another thing to note is that my roommates have a 4 year old male dog who lives upstairs and often comes downstairs to hang out with raf and i for a lot of the day .
he does n't pee on anything his main problem is he barks at people out the window and is a little aggressive .
i have also restricted access to the upstairs with a gate .
he was fine for a month but today he made his way upstairs because the gate was left open and of course he goes on the couch and pees on a brand new pillow that was purchased the day before .
so is there anyone that can help me with this ?
i 'm planning on phoning around and finding a trainer to come to my house tomorrow because this absolutely needs to stop or i may end up having to move out or move raf to my dad 's acreage .
new scrub here looking to get serious learning with proxmox .
i 've tinkered with it in the past but have virtually no background otherwise .
i currently have 1x 256gb ssd where proxmox is currently installed 1x 1tb ssd that i 'd like to use for vms/containers and 2x 3tb hdds that i 'd like to use for mass storage ideally for things like isos plex media etc .
i have a desktop i bought off of a coworker with 32gb of ram and an i7-6700k .
the 2x hdds are housed in an external mediasonic hdd bay via usb3 port i know but no more sata ports on an mitx board .
with the hardware out of the way does my idea for a setup make sense ?
i 've heard that zfs is the way to go but only if you have sufficient memory .
i currently have my 1tb ssd set up with lvm but i do n't have anything on it yet so i 'm not committed to keeping it that way .
looking to hear your ideas of what 's a good setup with what i have in mind and any resources/advice i 'm open to of course .
i have two amps one which is used for my parcelshelf build and door speakers and the other one for my subwoofers .
i have had the build in for around a year now
the door/parcelshelf build amp is having a strange problem i have n't come across it randomly cuts out it does n't go into protect mode i can get the amp to start working again by raising the volume way up when it seems to come back into play another way of getting the amp back into play is by taking the rca 's out and putting them back in again .
i have my source supply ran from the battery to a junction box and then this splits off into the two amps so in my mind if i was receiving power supply issues my subwoofer amp would also be failing .
the ground is ran in the same concept from a earth point then two a jb then to my two amps
i 've been a tele nurse for 5 years but my goal has always been icu .
i transferred to a new hospital in their sicu and i 've been here for 6 months .
part if it is that i was told that by december i 'd be working day shift but now they 're saying that they 're not sure when i 'll get to go to day shift .
i was hired at another place and i 'm finishing up my last 2 weeks here and i just hate it more and more .
i thought knowing that this is temporary would help me cope but it 's been the opposite .
these last 2 weeks have dragged on and on .
i hate everything here i hate the patients i even hate being in icu .
i 've actually been hoping to be floated to tell which is a first for me which is making me wonder is it just night shift that is making me so miserable or is it icu ?
you breathe frost into your hand and push your fist into the ground releasing a wave of ice magic in a 30 foot radius centered on yourself .
creatures within the radius must make a strength saving throw or become paralyzed for 1 minute due to the frost creeping up their body freezing them in place .
an affected creature may make the saving throw again at the end of their turn freeing themselves on a success .
i 've looked everywhere but i ca n't find the artist or music anywhere .
here is a sample of the song https vocaroo.com/i/s1gs5mzgnpgv and the lyrics
it 's not so much that i love you baby
it 's not so much that i think about you in the evening air
it 's all about the way you came into my life
it 's all about the way you cut me just like a knife
it 's all about the way you drown me to my soul
nothing else matters why ca n't i let you go ?
you drain me out then you draw me in with original sin
it 's not so much that i need you baby
it 's not so much that i live without either i will or i wo n't
it 's all about the way you drown me to my soul
nothing else matters why ca n't i let you go ?
you drain me out then you draw me in with original sin .
i want to wirelesly connect my tv to my computer i know there are wireless extenders for hdmi but i ca n't find any for dp .
bank of baroda is conducting bank of baroda recruitment https vidhya360.com/bank-of-baroda-recruitment 2018-19 for 913 so posts .
applicants can apply online for bob jobs till 26.12.2018 .
over the last few months i filtered more and more stuff on my facebook wall .
every time i saw a post i did n't care about i 'd filter out the source .
i turned off posts and notifications from communities so that i only see them when i explicitly want to .
i also removed anyone with whom i would n't share more than pleasantries in real life .
now i 'm left with my close family a couple of friends and a few pages i actually enjoy .
at the same time i guess people stopped using facebook .
only a handful of people still post something there .
yesterday i reached the end of my facebook feed .
at the end of the feed you get something like hey you sure you do n't want to subscribe to more stuff ? ''
it 's not your typical i quit social media '' story but it 's a good step forward for me .
whenever i type anything in the search bar it does n't show anything the bar where all of the results go opens but it 's completely white .
i tried every solution i can think of and every solution i could find only i did n't help .
i have tried melatonin etc but managed to buy a box of zopiclone .
the instructions warn against taking for longer than 2-4 weeks as effectiveness will decline and you may develop dependency .
so i generally take one 4-5 nights a week .
are those few days off each week sufficient to avoid dependency and loss of effectiveness ?
they still seem to help me get to sleep fine and i have no ill effects or feelings if i do n't take one on say the weekend
followed closely by a tie for every other free-roam event .
i mean if you do n't mind mindlessly trading auto-aim headshots with 30 other people for xp it 's not a bad way to pass the time but aside from that i 'm yet to figure out the point of these events .
clan formed from active veteran players of a former top 200 clan .
the goal of this clan is to climb leaderboards and to help each other personally succeed !
daily practice active leadership and prize based tournaments are what you 're signing on for .
join us on discord at surging empire official and apply .
please consider joining us but only if you 're focused on improvement !
for context i moved back home after 4-5 years during my transition due to a housing situation and he hadnt seen me since .
when i left he hadnt even hit puberty yet and now hes this huge tall moody 16 year old .
for the first couple months he would refer to me as his sibling '' or reference me as being over there somewhere and not using pronouns or names .
now just the other day i forgot exactly why but i think he was talking to his friends on discord or something he just casually mentioned my sister did this or that ... '' or something along those lines and has been consistently referring to me that way since .
its not getting gendered correctly that makes me so happy its the fact that he just casually mentions me in that manner without even thinking about it twice or stressing the proper pronouns .
he has no clue how much that means to me but its continuing to make my day and i feel so much more accepted by my family
just thought id share here since i didnt know where else to post !
hope everyone else is okay and that they get a chance to have their family accept them one day if theyre currently struggling .
i understand that we have 3 months and that this is endgame content but c'mon bungo is it really necessary to set the first quest at 625 light ?
there are supposedly four different forges so why is it that i an average player who ca n't negate 25 levels of light with skill should have to spend several weeks praying to the rng gods to give me drops to boost me to a somewhat close level in order to do the first quest ?
i could understand if each forge was higher light than the last but to come straight away with 625 is just ridiculous imo .
my pimo friend just told me that the meeting tonight was all about asking for money .
i wish more pimi witnesses knew their money is going to child molestation judgments and settlements and not the furthering of kingdom interests ''
trying to learn how to play charge characters like guile is there any informative streams players i can watch to help grasp the basics ?
at least the mole rats do n't use weapons like missile launchers .
stupid miners popping up out of the ground with weapons ... .
i built this system about a year and a half ago but recently updated my gpu 's .
amd fx 8350 with deepcool ice wind pro push/pull fan setup
2x amd radeon r9 370 4gb in crossfire with cf bridge reference design cards pulled from dell alienware systems ... sold at the height of the bitcoin mining craze for more than what i paid for the cards 2 years prior
2x amd radeon rx 580 8gb msi armor running in crossfire
2x 7200 rpm 500gb hdd 's one for games the other for media
generic gaming '' case very similar to what microcenter used for their powerspec prebuilt gaming systems
i have the system hooked up to a 4k tv through the hdmi2.0 port in case i ever wanted to run anything in 4k but 1080p seems well enough for me .
i am trying to solo 1.07 before upgrading to 1.10 .
i was trying to craft a better ring set and this popped out as what worked best .
i am kinda use to rune words and other recipes not working but it seemed most people talked about these recipes as the benefit of 1.07 .
i would love to hear the word of those that know better than i if it is me or the patch that is the problem
it 's darky here promoting a group of lovely awesome and also horny peeps who love to take care of each other .
we 're constantly available to talk and help all the wonderful people out there who want a place to relax have fun and have fun .
send me a message if you 're interested and also tell me your favorite artist who had to move to a twitter due to junky tumblr .
how do you play against hell ember when he has both puppets out with fire spirit ?
it 's like a 4v4 match and there 's hardly any opportunity to decide ciphers .
i started living and working in the chicagoland area early this year .
coming straight outta college i really did n't want to invest in a car right away .
i do n't mind if my commute by public transit is 20-25 mins more than a car .
my current commute should take around 50 mins by car and 1 hr 15 mins by bus .
but today my bus that was supposed to arrive at 5:14 and get my home at 5:50 .
instead it arrived at 5:42 and got me home at 6:35 .
a 1:15 commute lasted 2:10 what the fucking hell ?
i 'm just here trying to be enviornmentally friendly and save some money but i just ca n't like this .
on the wiki page it says they do but i have n't found any .
after all this time grinding for the new autorifle the meatball spawns and we were losing .
a few invasion and it was tied with 30 seconds left ... ... with some dumb luck we won due to the most damage and still got the quest .
the collector in me ca n't wait to get the gun ... .just to never use it lol
i got my classic today in the mail but have been hesitant to open it .
is it really as bad as people are saying ?
i 'm debate whether to just open it or return it to the store at this point ... .
just returned from a vacation to japan i bought a starbucks kyoto tumbler cup https www.picclickimg.com/d/w1600/pict/292834437985_/starbucks-tumbler-japan-geography-series-kyoto-w-box.jpg .
but i ca n't figure out if i can put it in the dishwasher or not .
or if i need to separately clean the lid and cup ?
it came with what seems to be cleaning instructions but i ca n't read it .
if someone could help translate i 'd really appreciate it .
hey everyone i 'm looking for technical minecrafters to start a world .
the goal would be to have super-efficient farms work on big projects and maybe upload some of them to youtube .
i 'm looking for people who have redstone abilities and general knowledge about the game .
hey everyone i 'm looking to do a fun and detailed role play involving some of the hottest divas the world has to offer .
i 'd like to play a femboy submissive or we can work out details if there is someone from the wwe itself you 'd like me to be .
i 'd love to discuss kinks and limits in detail i 'm looking for someone that van write a decent amount not a book or anything but a paragraph or two with clear writing and distinction between dialogue and actions .
for the divas we have literally every generation to choose from though if i had to pick right now my top 5 i 'd like to to with at this moment are charlotte nikki bella alexa bliss stephanie mcmahon and trish stratus .
i 'm available here and also play off of reddit
note this can be a quick setup and to the detailed sexy times or it can have some substance to it and have teasing and work through a day of progression sort of theme .
i just require a good literate partner who can write properly without one liner oh yes suck it bitch ooh yeah '' kinda stuff
so i 'm trying to grow my beard i 'm taking 3 tonics a day i already finished the epilogue .
the problem is that only my mustache is growing .
it 's already at 4 and the sides and chin do n't grow .
i am in a desperate race to save our home .
long story short during the summer we fell behind on our mortgage due to unexpected expenses and work slow down .
when we recovered it was too late as our mortgage company had already locked our account and wanted a lump sum for the full amount that we were on default .
we applied for mortgage assistance with them twice and both times we were denied .
i am now in desperate need of any assistance we can get .
we have tried applying for loans but we have been declined pretty much everywhere because of the mortgage problem i would assume .
i am open to loans as well but i am unable to post on the r/borrow because i do n't have the required karma needed .
i do n't know how a loan would work on here but please let me know .
thank you for taking the time to read this and any help would be greatly appreciated even a share of the gofundme on your social media will be of great help .
forge is tough at this light i get that but this being a launch day it 's more or less do the same milestones ...
i just wish there something new to experience immediately .
so this is a long story and i 'm going to try to keep it concise because i really have no idea what my best option is here .
basically i 'm really upset with my 3 closest friends for hanging out with someone who has treated me terribly in the past .
i would n't call this person a stalker per se but she had a weird obsession with me and my partner and she never missed an opportunity to be shitty to me .
i 've managed to avoid her completely for almost two years until recently .
met this girl in college and she immediately fell in love '' with my boyfriend now my fiance .
she would bug him to hang out with her all the time then would tell people that he and i were on the rocks and that when he dumped me she was going to start dating him .
she would go to his room late at night and constantly flirt with him .
my bf got annoyed by her pretty quickly and stopped talking to her and we did n't break up like she wanted obviously as we are still together and planning our wedding so she took it out on me .
besides spreading rumors about my relationship she also actively prevented me from becoming friends with people in our program very small and close knit program only about 30 students and my 3 closest friends who i am now having issues with were also in this program .
any time there was a hangout or social event literally anything from study sessions to grabbing coffee to parties she would tell people that she had asked me to come and i had refused and gave everyone the impression that i did n't want to be friends with them .
she also tried to get me kicked out of a club that i was president of after she lost the nomination .
the whole time she was doing this she pretended to be my friend .
not a close friend but she 'd stop by my place to say hi ask after my boyfriend offer to lend me notes from class etc .
i suspected that she was the reason i never got invited to anything but she was nice to my face so i could n't really justify my suspicions .
i also felt like she copied everything i did .
i mentioned my career choice and suddenly that was her career choice too .
she even told everyone that she was struggling financially and got herself 2 jobs after i had to get a job when my funding did n't cover my tuition i 'm from a low income family and grew up below the poverty line her parents paid all her expenses and took her on annual trips over spring break .
she also asked if she could move into my apartment when i moved out .
she was also weirdly competitive about my relationship with my bf .
shortly after we moved in together after 3 years of dating she dumped her bf of 6 months because he would n't commit '' and refused to move in with her .
she would also ask about milestones so she could compare who got there first .
in senior year i started becoming closer with my 3 friends and they told me that they always thought i was busy or not interested in hanging out with them because of the things she told them .
we realized that she was excluding me on purpose and she also did some shitty things to my 3 friends mostly spreading rumors and picking fights so people started to realize how mean and manipulative she was and started distancing themselves from her .
no one wanted to be her friend anymore but they all politely keep in touch whenever she reached out in order to avoid drama she 's very confrontational and puts on massive guilt trips if she feels wronged .
i managed to cut the mean girl out completely after graduation by moving cities and blocking her everywhere .
she still managed to find my fiance on twitter which was really creepy and set off some red flags for us .
basically he started a new job and was required to create a professional twitter account for it so he set one up with his work email and work phone number and within 5 minutes of the account being created she was his first follower .
we have no idea how she found the account so fast but we suspect she has a google alert or something similar set up for his name .
it 's been 3 years since we finished college and in that time i 've become really close with my 3 friends .
we all went through some tough times and really supported each other .
i moved back to the city where we all went to college about a year ago and i specifically asked my friends not to tell her .
about 6 months ago my fiance and i bumped into her at a public event .
we had recently gotten engaged and i was wearing my ring .
i told my fiance that if she saw it she 'd be engaged or single within 6 months because she was going to start bugging her bf to propose .
sure enough 3 months later she 's single and she gets in touch with my 3 friends and says she dumped him because she realized he was n't husband material '' which i assume means he refused to put a ring on it .
now she 's been building back up her friendships with my friends and it 's making me so uncomfortable .
i avoid going to parties and other social events that she 's invited to because she genuinely scares me .
in the past she 's damaged my social relationships and sabotaged my involvement in extra curriculars and now i 'm afraid that she 'll try to go after my career .
it 's stressing me out and it 's damaging my friendships .
i thought that after denouncing her and telling me how awful she was she was shitty to all of us but i definitely got the worst of it that they would n't want to be friends with her again especially after i told them that she makes me uncomfortable and that i ca n't be around her .
but ever since her breakup everyone feels sorry for her and is hanging out with her again at the expense of me not being able to hangout with them .
bail on them if they keep inviting her and i to the same events ?
i do n't know if i can trust my friends anymore because one of them pretty sure i know who told her where i work despite me specifically saying not to .
my fiance thinks that i should confront the mean girl and tell her that while i do n't want to be friends with her i do want us to be civil to each other for the sake of oi ur mutual friends .
he thinks that right now she 's winning '' because whenever we 're invited to the same event she ends up going and i do n't so if i confront her then i can regain some control over the situation .
i honestly do n't want to talk to her because i genuinely believe that she has some kind of personality disorder because of her constant manipulation and lying .
i 've talked to more than one therapist about her yeah she fucked me up bad and one of them said that what i was describing sounded like narcissistic personality disorder .
i 've left out a ton of details for the sake of keeping this short but i have plenty of examples of her being a shit human being to me and to others .
i almost feel like this post downplays her behaviour .
tldr mean girl tries to sleep with my bf actively fucks with my personal relationships copies everything i do and is now working her way into my social circle .
my friends know all this but feel sorry for her because of her recent break up so they invite her to stuff knowing that i wo n't attend when she 's there .
i 'm liking the cropped pants trend and picked up some uniqlo ez ankle pants .
now i 'm looking for some decent shoes to style it with .
i have dm boots black primeknit dooms sambas gray nbs and black low top vans .
not sure if any of these will work or not .
caveat i hate white shoes and never wear them so no achilles etc .
i just tried it and it is working now in universe .
it only worked for me so dont be too anal if it doesnt work for you
so since the new update came out a lot of us including me have been unable to update the game basically being sent to the play store/app store but not actually being able to update the game .
i remembered way back when i created a canadian itunes account just so i could play brawl stars earlier .
i logged back onto the account and went to the update tab and the game was there waiting for me to update it .
so i would suggest you to just log back into your canadian account on the play store/app store and try to update again .
really hope it works for you like it did for me !
thought i was gon na be a fan of the new update but it has been pretty disappointing so far .
hello all i was recently promoted to hardware dm and i was wondering what the next steps on the ladder to asm is .
given that hardware is considered one of the easier departments to manage i imagine my best bet would be to go from hardware to a harder department like fresh and then apply for support manager then asm but i 've also read i can go straight from dm to asm .
also assuming i do a good job as a dm what does the average time line look like to go from dm to asm .
i 'm setting a short term goal of 3 years for any promotions from now to asm so my goal is 2023 be asm at a local store is this realistic ?
so a while back alex rubens was on kfgd or gamescast do n't recall which one and was pushing his book '8 bit apocalypse ' .
decided to pick it up 2 weeks ago and got really into it .
i have n't read a book in 15 years probably since high school and now i 'm wondering if any on you know of similar books to '8 bit apocalypse ' ?
i hope this allowed here but thought id share for people who have n't seen this .
far cry 6 teaser has dropped which looks to be like a post apocalyptic nuclear event game .
last night i wanted to start a new game with the last starter ive yet to do a playthrough with i downloaded pokemon bank without realizing that it cost money .
so i have a huge favor with a huge reward for those that agree .
i will trade you all my shinies along with special pokemon you wil take them i will restart the game then catch a few pokemon and trade them back .
i will only want to trade back twelve of my pokemon 6shinies,6normal pokemon and you get the rest of them .
coment if you would like to make some changes or modifications .
i know ocean armory is very fair he 's just really far .
i 'm usually between 35 40 otd with lou 's firearms in raritan after my military discount
currently struggling to hit gr70 with my geared and gemmed to 60 wd .
i know a few weak items i 'm using but nothing specific that will help me get over this hump .
how can i post my build to ask for recommendations ?
i went on a road trip in september 2017 to carson national forest .
when we drove in the mountain ranges there were patches of these gorgeous plants in the title .
i did n't take any photo but it kinda looks like this https www.repotme.com/orchid-care/img/yellowleaves.png but yellower .
i want to play overwatch in 1440p at 144hz on high/ultra settings will this be good enough ?
pcpartpicker part list https de.pcpartpicker.com/list/vwv2nh price breakdown by merchant https de.pcpartpicker.com/list/vwv2nh/by_merchant
during that season he averaged 21.1/4.0/11.6 along with 2.7 steals a game on 48.8/36.9/85.1 57.6 ts with only 2.5 turnovers a game .
in that same year kobe averaged 28.3/6.3/5.4 on46/36/84 57.6 ts .
did cp3 deserve to get the mvp over kobe or did kobe have a better year in 2008 ?
i benched matt ryan last week and started lamar jackson .
that treated me well since ryan did n't do well .
trubisky is also on the waiver wire after someone dropped him .
who is a better option this week out of ryan jackson or trubisky ?
i can make a case for and against all of them so i just need some help .
orange is the new purple is a casual raiding guild founded at the start of legion .
we strive to give players a place to raid at a comfortable level and a stress free environment .
we started as a heroic progression guild focused on getting ahead of the curve but beginning in antorus we started pushing into mythic and ending at 4/11m .
recruiting mainly dps players who want to casually push into mythic content .
if you 're interested or have any other questions please do n't hesitate to comment message me on reddit or add my battletag xtrm 1731 .
apparently last year october 2017 i agreed to two different genetic tests maternit21 and panorama .
i thought i had only agreed to maternit21 but that 's a different story that i 'm working on looking through all of my materials for .
in any case i got a bill from natera for 800 .
they have told me that my insurance denied the claim as not medically necessary and that they have a year to bill me so i am responsible for the due amount .
however before i had the genetic testing done i contacted my insurance and was assured the testing would be covered but that i would be responsible for my deductible except i had already met my out of pocket max at this point .
basically insurance is saying this is n't covered even though they previously said genetic testing was covered due to my advanced maternal age and family history natera is saying i owe this money and i ca n't seem to figure out what 's accurate .
from the googling i 've done it looks like natera has incredibly shady billing practices and people have been able to negotiate payments much lower than they were billed closer to 200 .
when i called up today they only said i could apply for compassionate financial assistance but given what my spouse and i make in a year we would not qualify .
i 'm trying to figure out what i need to do at this point ... any suggestions ?
and i have been bulking for the last 4 months or so.i started if 3 weeks ago in an effort to burn fat and maintain muscle .
fir some reason i lost about 4 kg of weight 9-10 lbs in the first 10 days of it .
its going to fast i cant control it and am afraid of losing to much muscle.the eating window is 3pm to 10pm kai i like to workout about 5pm so i have meals protein before and after workout .
is there a better strategy than 17/7 or a change in workout time to help hold on muscle even more effectively
manali have adequate pleasant weather in winter session especially .
in season of winter himachal pradesh have own beauty with snowfall among with sunrise and sunset .
therefore naggarcottage is offering amazing luxury cottage hotel services for their customers .
naggarcottage is situated at appropriate location form where you can move around all over the himachal pradesh .
and i dont think theres ever been a better time for jontron to come back .
we need a bootleg console games part 2 soulja boy edition .
if you want to see all of soulja boys glorious products like the souljawatch and souljaphone theyre at souljawatch.com
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score breakdown in the comments below ab players use https greedbutt.com/plus instead
discord users do n't forget the isaac server where you can chat in the daily channel https discord.gg/isaac
i take 50 mg of vyvanse each morning for my adhd .
but i 'm thinking of taking two 50mg pills right now .
i have a bus 001 device 006 id 0810:0001 personal communication systems inc. dual psx adaptor
3.315967 input hid 0513:0308 as devices/platform/soc/3f980000.usb/usb1/1-1/1-1.5/1-1.5:1.0/0003:0513:0308.0003/input/input1 3.373816 input twin usb joystick as devices/platform/soc/3f980000.usb/usb1/1-1/1-1.4/1-1.4:1.0/0003:0810:0001.0002/input/input2 3.381279 hid-generic 0003:0513:0308.0003 input hidraw1 usb hid v1.10 keyboard hid 0513:0308 on usb-3f980000.usb-1.5/input0 3.381289 input twin usb joystick as devices/platform/soc/3f980000.usb/usb1/1-1/1-1.4/1-1.4:1.0/0003:0810:0001.0002/input/input3 3.381379 pantherlord 0003:0810:0001.0002 input hidraw2 usb hid v1.10 joystick twin usb joystick on usb-3f980000.usb-1.4/input0 3.398985 input hid 0513:0308 as devices/platform/soc/3f980000.usb/usb1/1-1/1-1.5/1-1.5:1.1/0003:0513:0308.0004/input/input4
i can cat dev/input/even3 and even4 but i only get output from one same with js0 and js1 .
i am pretty sure its a kernel driver issue .
since i am pretty new to kernel editing and such i am very humbly asking for help here .
i have lost a little weight recently so i decided to re-measure myself despite having given up on finding a bra that fits .
my left breast is a bit larger than my right breast so i 've never been able to find a good fit before .
my old recommended size was 42e and i tried a few bras in that size but they never fit right .
there was always loads of space at the top of the cup .
if i wear an underwire bra now it tends to be a 42c playtex flower elegance but the wire for the larger breast has snapped more than a few times but other underwired bras tend to stab in my the armpit on the smaller side .
i went through the beginners guide to figure out my shape and it seems i 'm projected full on bottom with short narrow roots .
like when is my shop and loot and all stars starting for eu ?
suggested topic on sunday the chiefs play the baltimore ravens here in kansas city .
talk about anything else that does n't deserve its own post here .
as stated in the title i am attempting to shutdown the pc completely however a few seconds after it shuts down it begins to reboot again as if i restarted it .
i ca n't find it anywhere is there anywhere i could find it ?
has anyone heard it other than the stream martin shkreli hosted ?
i‘m currently a 626 hunter looking to attempt the raid tomorrow when it releases .
they openly admit to building in the snowmen 's territory then expect us to rush to their rescue because they 're being attacked .
now i will be the first to admit i 'm not huge on comic books .
my knowledge goes deeper than the cinematic universe but over all i rank it as more of a passing interested .
that being said i am a huge fan of man vs hostile world type settings and wakanda presents that setting with the perfect excuse for raceplay .
the idea is simple claw dying left a huge demand in the market for vibranium so huge was the demand that many people spent billions of dollars on satellite equipment and recon experts to find the place and even more money on soldiers mercenaries and spies to get in it and it was all for nothing as these attempts were always swiftly repelled .
then there was me i was part of a group called engineers without borders '' similar to doctors without borders '' but we focused more on building roads dams schools hospitals houses functioning sewage and drainage systems and the likes .
i very much just stumbled into wakanda during one of these humanitarian trips i was quite shocked at what i saw and left immediately .
in the next couple of years i would go back and forth to wakanda making me quite good at it and when i learned that doing that payed a heck of a lot better than building wells for loin cloth wearing tribes i began doing it professionally .
so there you have it if you are interested in the idea then please pm me .
i can drop you souls and weapons if you are able to help me it would be greatly appreciated thankyou .
you can ask them to put purolator at the bottom of the assigned carriers for your account .
y'know they used to address that in my bible classes .
talking about how someone needs to be the janitor and so you should n't assume that god 's plan for your life is to be a preacher/missionary/doctor because even the people who mop the floors are doing vital work .
it was not particularly comforting when actually working retail mind .
i 'm still not sure anyone really needed me doing id checks before selling them grand theft auto or trying to upsell them on the discount card/magazine subscription .
turkish food instagram is one of the few reasons i still open that app
absolute baseless thoughtless comments like this make me hate this sub .
the game for this sub gets nominated for an award and everyone bashes it .
how the fuck do you people even deal with real life problems .
i guess because i see this sort of stuff going up on her facebook every week i know it 's definitely not true .
at least once a week someone fat shames her is sexist toward her or tells her they do n't respect her because she 's poly .
if you do n't need the text to be copied and pasted anywhere then i would rasterize the text layer .
you can do this by right-clicking the text layer and selecting that option .
if it makes you feel bad then dont play .
i like the game so i will continue to play and support it .
i need to do some spring cleaning on the mechanical drives some junk from the old system still on there saved some time getting some games reinstalled .
well i was reading about gris gris and it mentioned i was able to make a gris gris based from the kongo cosmogram but the author did n't go into much detail other than to say that and a few other vague things ...
however when i first read it i only read weapons .
so now i 'm stuck with the image of jak beating someone to death with a precursor orb .
maybe this tax is meant to change the status quo and the point is being lost .
but that was a week and a half ago .
the subject matter or some individual opinions on it .
ltn does n't actually sort out the rest though does it ?
you are left with having to deal with any residual material in your train not a problem with my mod and a major issue when you are trying to combine liquids and solids in your train network to the point where a lot of people only use ltn to deliver solids .
this also is not a problem in my mod .
using generic trains sounds good conceptually but it quickly breaks down .
one is a game mode that has turned up two of the most-played games around right now .
the other is some corporate pr that most people who bought or were thinking of buying the game never heard .
no i 'm sure nobody cares about that game mode at all .
please continue to tell yourself that the second one is in more gamer 's minds than the first .
i have no doubt that their pr bullshit fucked some of their sales but if you 're pointing to that as your primary reason then i question how knowledgeable about consumer habits you are .
ahh nothing like fiscal conservatives '' spending extra money to go out of their way to fuck poor people .
man rockstar is really killing it with these updates .
i saw it but it teleported away before i could do more than go oh wow ''
this pack contains tokens for the late hunters lodge '' map as i 've written it as well as two other monsters and two effect tokens .
four variants of the bear token keep things fresh and easy to run in large encounters with a large number of the same monster .
two flying tokens of the giant eagle and the swarm of hornets keep melee players on their toes and magic and ranged characters in the frontline of the fight .
lastly two 5 ' x 5 ' effect tokens of spread caltrops and oil flask fire make it easy for dm 's and players alike to change the battlefield for an improvised tactical advantage .
okay but that 's different from your main argument i still do n't get why the main argument is n't that the definition for sandwich includes being put between two things .
you stated that 's the only argument anyone should ever need to use and i would think i disproved that because by the above definition you gave a hotdog and a sub would qualify as a sandwich .
whether a restaurant places hotdog under sandwich on a menu has no bearing on your original statement .
the only reasonable option is rocket tracks down the benetar trying to find the guardians that survived .
he 's not going to just assume they all died and not go try to find them .
he has every motivation and means to find the exact ship tony is on .
he needs his finding out none of the guardians made it '' scene .
someone needs to find the ship and it 's not going to be captain marvel or rescue/pepper which is mind boggling stupid since tony is literally in interstellar space not just in orbit around earth or something .
there 's no other option that is n't nonsensical or dumb other than rocket which works perfectly .
people are trying to over think it but it 's the guardians ship rocket is a guardian and it 's impossible to imagine him just assuming they are all dead and not tracking down the ship .
i do n't watch male only porn though ... you have some serious perverse issues buddy hope you get them worked our
thanks but now i wonder about the opposite scenario .
at 16 can a parent legally bar a minor child who lives with them from attending school .
best reply ever hahahaha made my evening yes i am of the simple kind
not gon na lie when i read 'bat and knife ' the first thing i thought was that he was trying to use the flying animal bat as a weapon somehow
i mean they also improved their device repair policies .
it sounds like they 're intentionally improving the longevity of their devices .
i have all the time in the world ! !
but i cant blow off plans😂 ill be back sooner than you think do n't worry😝
i want to bury my face and eat up 😜
hmmm i did n't consider that but it looks like there 's about 4.5 '' of space between the highest the ram could go and the anvil which is removable .
i guess worst case i could take the ram to a metal shop and have them cut out a jig space and tap a hole to secure the stamps .
round stamps might be an issue but square ones would be ok .
it 's like noon here so i 'll just update as i go .
x read 20 minutes from something on my goodreads list stephen king 's the gunslinger
i know ... probably a different car with different gearing .
but the way he explain from 3rd to second .
is when just cruising around 2500 while clutching in keep your foot on the throttle like you 're still cruising and complete the shift with confidence .
each car will be different but the concept is the same .
i still believe that with the most experience and potential for leadership based on your post now is the appropriate time to make your request .
oh bullshit he worked his way to the top at exxon idiots are n't allowed in the job of ceo .
yeah man of all the shitty reasons for someone to drop out in their prime.. friggin clots .
we all felt that pain regardless of who you root for .
it 's not like ahh i got bad knees and i 'm gettin slow.. it 's more like the next game could literally kill you .
you can listen to all these artists and not use reddit lol
not sure why we are electrocuting a husky but design is cool i guess
if özil plays well no paper will acknowledge it if he slightly underperforms you got ta see those rats crawling out of their holes like there 's something for free available
kootenay craft cannabis has nice sought after strains from bc they are one of my favorites .
the cactus breath os some of the best weed i 've ever had
help me kill the next hour and a half and ama .
fuck the grammys 95 of the nominations in every category are such cookie cutter bullshit .
vein 's album errorzone is the best metal album of the year but i guarantee you fall out boy is gon na win that shit even though aic definitely deserves it over them .
if i said something shitty ten years ago and i 've changed now i 'd be willing to apologize instead of trying to shirk it off of me repeatedly
later albums were n't as accessible but worth another go .
and geoff 's other band beak put out a good one this year .
do people really care about whatever awards op is talking about anyway ?
i will have to keep digging for others but i will add as i find more
2016 nba finals says 280 but that seems low https www.news-herald.com/sports/nba-finals-television-ratings-social-media-indicate-popularity-of-cavaliers/article_dbe1bc97-49ab-5c46-8e08-561045d1eb0f.html
seeing as this is 4th plat or possible high 3rd it 'll probably be another one of
1:40 hvgsgsa lil pump told me religion is a fear based concept used to control the masses ?
you take the money gained/lost on the trades into account when you calculate w/l ratio since my winning trades earn more than my losing trades lose they are weighted more
no ... . orographic lift is wind pushing air up a mountain/terrain .
the phenomenon in question also happens in the absence of wind .
someone else explained it quite well i ca n't do better
but if dna between two groups is no more different than dna within the groups then you can not separate them .
then explain how pca was able to do exactly that .
country going to shit headless parliament that refuse to publish legal advice because it 's proof we 're being shit on but leave voters still throwing ad hominems around like it matters .
in case it 's not clear this is an illegal unit .
the craigslist post may or may not be fake .
teaching them to bark at things is kinda hard .
if he barks at a knock or a doorbell have someone do it repeatedly or find a video of the noise and play it and reward him with treats and affection when he barks .
yeah download the official snap from the app store and then sideload another version of snapchat with a different bundle identifier if you pull an ipa that is version 10.40 or over stock from app store and then go in and change the bundle id you wo n't have any issues problem is finding an ipa that is n't 1. tweaked or 2. outdated i have two versions of snap on my jailed phone running ios 12 but the version i sideloaded is 10.27.1 scothman and i would n't expect you to be able to use it regularly '' and not expect a lockout at some point .
tl dr it does work you just need to modify an app store ipa and throw it on your device with impactor
ah the coveted porcelain throne the comfier version of the iron throne presumably .
yeah killer is a lot easier ... shock 4 people as the doctor ... .
they need to have an option maybe were you can select killer or survivour or both .
the challenges custom to that and you get more bp for hard challenges such as get a 4k twice in a row with hag or search a box power a gen and power a gate as survivor and you 'd get like 200k for it or something .
that sounds great but irish farmers seem to have a natural aversion to trees .
i think it 's leitrim is the most forested county and i heard some farmers there on morning ireland recently complaining about the amount of trees because it made them feel closed in and claustrophobic .
he does n't average more than 13 ki on rog and 16-17 ki on movie bosses tested he does n't get his 18 ki on his aptimal set ups .
he 's been in my team since day 1 and has gradually made his way down to 3rd by now
i 've also seen family spend money in sustaining life in the hundreds of thousands .
i had an uncle diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer at age 40 with two teenage kids .
i get trying to keep family around but i saw him suffer and i see my family suffering now .
i get this may seem naive but i did n't want my uncle or my grandma or my grandpa or my great aunt to suffer .
dying is a terrible thing i just think if it 's a conscious thing why prolong the suffering ?
why do we feel it 's justified for fido but not for gram gram ?
ya the only thing they changed was his side lights to 500ms valiant breakthrough unblockable top heavy no more soft feint gb from sb and i think a larger window to feint the sb after release
i can only go in the morning which means i would have to find a place to hang my towel up somewhere
i 'm not quite sure who this is but glasses so i 'm upvoting .
i also killed them with e3 dh and 5 demon potions might have been overkill but i did n't want to risk it and lost 5 nodes later when there was another bel node .
i used to have an odric edh deck which i had to deconstruct cause it was too annoying and good for my kitchen table .
angelic overseer was an absolute all star in that deck and is on theme for you which is cool .
darksteel myr is a way to give indestructible below odric on the curve .
indestructible with vigilance is great cause you just dominate board stalls .
consider something like brave the sands or other cards which do n't rely on odric to give all your creatures buffs .
either that or protect your odric outside of combat with cards like indestructibility which also helps your game plan .
it 's the best sold sauce for a reason me thinks
ram:16 gb ssd minimum 250gb cpu any i7 gpu 1060 gtx i want a laptop that wont get damaged if i game everyday for at least 4 hours cause of overheating even after 3-4 years .
my laptops always get too much dust inside of them too
originally i thought the ecj would rule that a unanimous council discussion would be required .
however after following the arguments made to the court i changed my mind .
before today my prediction would be this advocate general says unanimous required .
ecj throwing its marbury v. madison '' weight around downgrades that to qmv or perhaps even reverse qmv .
now that the advocate general has ruled for unanimous revocation though ...
i 'm saying 50/50 between qmv or reverse qmv '' and unilateral .
corrosive projection should n't be necessary for any high level armored enemy .
should n't be necessary on 95 percent of builds .
the other 95 of mods that literally never get used after mr 4 should be viable for most gameplay .
the game is designed around horizontal progression but de clearly still wants power creep and that results in weird weird mechanics .
at least i do n't have an accent how else would i maintain my cheap superiority ?
of course they insist you 're not gay whether or not you actually are ... their religious leaders teach that there 's no such thing as gay people just people 'suffering from same-sex attraction ' .
meaning the default setting is 'straight ' and some of us are just dealing with some sort of bizarre extra 'temptation ' .
the simple fact of the matter is that no other person has the capability to truly tell us our own inner experiences or preferences .
shut that mentally abusive shit down with did you just tell me what my sexual preference is ?
would you like to tell me my opinion next ?
laugh '' if they continue to press it try something like did you recently develop telepathic powers without telling me ?
laugh '' do not dignify their attempts to define you .
some food for thought sexuality is vastly more complex than the either/or paradigm which mormon teachings allow for .
it 's fully possible to be attracted to one gender two genders all the genders or none of the genders .
it 's also fully possible to be sexually attracted to one gender primarily and romantically attracted to another gender as sexual and romantic relationships provide for different but overlapping needs in us .
it 's okay not to know where you fall on all of this right now ... your brain and your sexuality will continue developing until you are in your mid-twenties and beyond .
concerning making out and being both aroused and grossed out yeah sexual intimacy can sometimes be kind of gross in terms of dealing with body parts and fluids that we 've been taught to think of as dirty and sinful .
but it 's what we have to work with .
i guess ... you get used to it after a while ?
you do n't say anything more about your feelings for this girl which makes me wonder if maybe you 're not really that into this particular individual and were maybe a little more attracted to the prospect of making out ?
ime the 'gross ' factor bothers me less with the more i 'm into my partner emotionally .
if this is the case do n't beat yourself up .
just be kind be honest and do n't let it go further than you 're both comfortable with .
it does n't necessarily mean you 're not into girls though it might .
see how straight-forward and not-at-all-confusing this sexuality thing is ?
you say you do n't want to be gay '' which makes me wonder ... what does being gay '' mean to you ?
more specifically what is it that you do n't want '' ?
obviously you do n't have to answer that here .
if it 's that you do n't want to be a stereotype you do n't have to be a stereotype .
if it 's because of how you see that other people will react ... that 's tougher and depends on context .
they call you gay because you like to sing and write songs ?
pick your favorites and throw them in those asshole 's faces .
with your mentally abusive family members be a bit more diplomatic for as long as you are financially dependent on them .
you owe them nothing but honesty and not even that if they 're just going to use it to wound and control you .
most importantly do what you need to do to keep yourself safe and actively plan for your independence .
it might not feel like it right now but it 's going to be okay ... whoever you are and whoever you turn out to love .
if you take care of yourself and get to know yourself it 's going to be okay .
i never denied it and in fact there are a less number of ios devices than android devices .
so as the other manufacturers do why do n't they sit and plan everything to roll the fps update for every possible device at the same time even if it takes more time ?
deny the fact that 60fps grants no advantage over 30fps you are wrong
also epic is overdoing it like your phone is gon na burst into flames if you play in 60fps .
then what 's the problem enabling 60fps in low settings with a warning that the battery might deplete rapidly during gameplay ?
also they are allowing ios users to mod the files to get 60fps look at the ios gamers on yt but when android users did the same it got patched in one fucking day .
oat fill me up forever and do n't give me the weird carb sugar rebound .
my setup gladiator mk2 with saitek x55 trottle work fine but for some reason i see 4 devices in the game instead of two .
try to delete the user folder and reconfigure everything anew .
it 's probably not brian but i 'm sure with the last name .
guy floating in outerspace on a suit with psychedelic visual effects in the background .
although the fanboy cars are always not fun to get ahold of 04 subaru 10 golf 18 civic i think im forgetting another one
i 'm pretty sure bird explicitly said that they only communicate with chargers through email and the app
hopefully it will get better for you in your area .
it does n't matter bitcoin was doomed from the start without inherent value or an economy to back it there is nothing to hold it at any level .
the world will be a slightly better place when bitcoin and other cryptos like it die .
this is the thing that always surprises me about corporate america .
it seems easy to understand that the hit you would take from the public image of failing to provide what you advertise would be painful .
it 's really the special type of stupid that occurs when you put 10 smart people in a room and give them some arbitrary parameters to maximize fuck everything else .
sure you got your target but no one stops to say wait does this target make any fucking sense ? ''
i used to hate myself but now i think i 'm alright ''
your post appears to ask a question about tracking however a tracking number could not be found in your post .
please edit https i.imgur.com/bqbuu4h.png your post and include the tracking number .
click here https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=uspsbot subject=report+uspsbot+inaccuracy message=the+bot 27s+comment+will+be+removed+automatically+after+this+message+is+sent. 0a 0a please+do+not+modify+or+remove+text+below+this+line. 0afqud3lhpahktp37krsf 2fc9vh1528 2ftz 2fbqcss6tzuotjxnb9a6ckiz1tjj3 2fdoflz3whjkvkqo6pm 2ffvk4azb49wvnvlskkkm 2b9femfmote 3d if this post is not about tracking a package .
legend goes that they smushed their uggo faces into one attractive face .
i was raised in saudi arabia and the only way i could visit the country is if i work for a government agency/someone important enough to travel there .
a lot do not watch the games i ' m keeping hazard all season .
the legend of dragoon does not have a reboot ...
i thought emilie had a tail.. now i 'm sad knowing its just a cape thing .
even though the whole only i can see indy '' thing is a real dick move i ca n't help but being actually really impressed about how atago manages to pull it off .
no idea what its like but i suspect its caused by taking testosterone .
this video is a good representation of that method .
if you buy 10 shares you have 100 or 10 of you pf invested but if you have a stop loss that will limit your loss to 10 total so 9 on the stock you will only risk 1 of your bankroll on the transaction .
at the end of the day having a set strategy before you buy may be the biggest key .
know how much you are willing to risk set a stop loss and know when you are going to take profits .
if you do n't have a plan as to how much you are risking or willing to take profits on it will truly feel like gambling .
it kind of works the other way around normally but 20 is most likely the rate as there are 5 potential items you can get in that slot .
oh i would pay money about 3.50 for a brown sugar lamb fat sandwich .
i can see a permanent split after the next election if not before .
only i 'm even worse because i read erotic fan fictions of my favourite male characters being paired up .
it 's so shameful but i absolutely love it !
maybe some sort of coating on the fence or just nice polished edges ?
6 teams would do just fine and games like this would matter more .
anybody else expect it to try to bite the guy ?
huh til that dark hand isnt useless except for when you are having fun with friends and do some boxing club
no the base cell is silver zinc like most watch batteries .
as others have said you would have to alter the watch to accept higher voltages .
how about just the easiest one she went on national television and states that the military goes a 700 billion dollar budget increase which they did n't ask for and one they did ask for a budget increase no it was n't 700 billion dollars that 's there current budget so unless she 's saying they were operating on 0 before i do n't see how she would mistake that if she 's anywhere near as smart as she says she is
i think people would want somewhere between 10 and 30 ish dollars for that .
feel free to message me to work this out .
who in the holy heck tips 66 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i know there are crazier ones but people in my area just do n't tip like this .
there 's almost no generalizations you can make about them in aggregate .
then you should like kurt vonnegut 's cat 's cradle sirens of titan and slaughterhouse five .
if you like vonnegut then i say read chuck palahniuck .
he has a verbal diarrhea style to his characters but they have some odd ass thoughts .
if you have ever read the manga deathnote lullaby is kinda like a deathnote serial mom mashup .
hmm he 's not much of a rotation risk and has n't had bad returns .
and bournemouth 's fixtures are n't easy but are n't impossible .
how do you know he is afraid of trans people ?
to heck with the bowl straight to the source .
although i felt it was mainly about diet and my diet is pretty good vegan with a lot of focus on doing it right i also get my blood checked once a year to check for deficiencies so far year 4 none .
but i will look into adrenal vitality and give it a try !
and my first 25 years on this planet caused a lot of emotional stress so my cortisol must be through the roof !
no clear coat and the lines are crooked a touch .
i still like it though because it helps to break up that yellow on the car .
men have lots of insecuities due to inflated egos pride .
therefore i do n't think it does most men good to bloviate over sappy meaningless stuff .
nice haircut '' is a poor acknowledgement compared to the more reverent words some people might use but i almost see it as a currency that retains meaningful value when used sparsely .
a few years ago google fiber was deciding what cities to move to next .
portland was one of the potential cities among maybe a dozen others .
century link had also started adding fiber to a couple of their neighborhoods .
comcast literally doubled the download speed https www.oregonlive.com/silicon-forest/index.ssf/2014/11/comcast_will_double_internet_s.html for most of their oregon customers practically overnight .
google fiber never actually showed up but even just the potential of competition was enough .
meanwhile i was pissed they 've been giving me half what they were capable of for years for the exact same price .
whichever team has more points against them should win the tiebreaker
that reminds me i need to nab atleast one of the event ces before it ends so next year i can max it without worrying about a drop .
i 've stayed away from mom groups both online and irl but i would consider a well-moderated private one .
needed picks to be in before today 's open .
i 'll see if i can still get you up but no guarantees .
so today i weighted myself this morning and i did it 3 times to make sure its accurate .
the first two times it said 155 and when i did it for the third time it said 153 ... then i did it three more times and it said 153. i dont know what weight to trust .
2nd most points in the league i 'll be 6-7 in 5th place after this week .
wait so potentially could a player team stun to save his team from a warmachine ? ? ?
i 'm just baffled that you think that ubisoft is 100 consumer friendly .
it 's a purely single player game bud and has single player micro dlc .
sure red dead has microtransaction for the online component but the 60 bucks can be justified for the single player alone .
it 's often the same when troubleshooting a video game error you 're having .
some fucker always replies '' works fine for me .
i have completed my first kit and even panel lined the whole damn thing .
now i 'm at the part where i want to top coat .
i have a good can of top coat but how do i hold and store the parts while they dry ?
somebody trapped me in an aisle so she could rush to get a sample .
i said excuse me '' and she snapped i was going to move it ! ''
then turned to the sample lady and complained to her about how rude i was being .
so i snapped back well i do n't like being trapped in an aisle so you can stuff your face '' and pushed her cart out if the way .
again you have created a completely stupid false equivalence .
multiple countries have provided contemporaneous evidence of russia 's hacking .
bitcoin transactions point to russia paying for resources in the hack .
there is literally a mountain of evidence they were behind the hack .
the only one pushing the seth rich story are involved in the hack itself .
more pipe-cleaner thrall content than wow thrall content in 3 years .
those injuries were occurred in the line of duty .
if nothing else talk to the doctor and have them rated at 0 that way if they get worse you wo n't have an issue down the road claiming they were related to your military service .
however i would argue that you should get some percentage ... even 10 for pain in motion of your neck .
swp is soon ready it has a dev build in the discord .
do n't know where you are based but maybe some thing like this ?
replace ate '' with 8 '' or it will happen again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
mom is pointless on drow because you get it as an item to accelerate her farming .
but with her new ult instant killing creeps even ancients you do n't need it at all .
when you can just stack wraith bands instead and it 's way more efficient .
especially after going from spy main in hl to medic main in 6s .
med drops happen significantly less in 6s and when they do it 's a huge deal .
in hl you can often get away with a med drop as long as you 're holding defense well at the same time .
could get like 12 med picks in a hl match easily as spy plus whatever my sniper grabs and still lose the game that way .
120k stp and 500k cp discord required donations and raids daily .
it 's a great bunch we 've been playing for a while .
maybe we should call it the war to end all wars ''
sounds like trump just got briefed on the evidence cohen gave to the investigation .
the grinch leak had no source or reputation of accurate leaks like the leaker i 'm referring to who has not been wrong once about ultimate
this post was removed for violating rule 3 and/or rule 4 .
posts about reddit or social media sites are not allowed please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoushouldknow and include a link to your post if you believe otherwise .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youshouldknow if you have any questions or concerns .
with a new king ranch every year and million dollar harvesters .
they are non transferable because they are tied to your ticketmaster account ...
this is a nice way of thinking but you owe noone an apology .
if you just wanted to get over with it asap that 's okay .
keep this mindset however will definetly do you good in the long run .
i agree with that although i 'm not brave enough to make that decision .
i suppose the lignite in belchatow is of higher quality thus the better efficiency ?
if you think about it he came out as a 7th round rb .
gordon and ekeler has their spots on the team essentially guaranteed from the start .
he came out and was hurt all of preseason not being able to make a strong case for why he should make the team .
we still signed him to practice squad and eventually active roster because we must have seen enough flashes of talent to keep him .
i do n't think we 're seeing a fluke and that 's me being a unbiased as possible .
will you be available to trade around 8pm or later gmt-4 ?
can be today or any day of this week .
well looks like i 'm not going to make it to the breeding grounds .
time to eject all eggs and hope for the best sushi.
no he was boasting about spending that money using it to earn votes .
never once did he ever mention that he had any issue with the expenditure which he had many opportunities to do while crowing about his military spending .
you are not being charitable you are defending his insanity .
as long as you have supplies heavy snowstorms are incredible .
2nd best feeling is relaxing and getting right while its dumping snow and everything is quiet still 1st best is just getting well after being sick for too long .
is anyone upset with the actual decision or just the timing ?
am looking to buy an mr2 as first car .
i have experience driving the parents ' '06 corolla how difficult is it to switch to rwd ?
this or the german china seem like the best answers to me .
i like how they responded in a way that it would n't let other customers think that was something to be expected of them .
if you 're doing a lot of other activities the storage capacity update could be delayed until later ... even after nightly maintenance .
if it 's still not showing up let us know .
yep brother one of my reasons for nofap r for dandruff but i also apply coconut oil to see faster results i also got a receding hairline due to dandruff and i 'm just 17 .
had dandruff since 2011 it 's been 7-8 years this shit been killing me .
btw how long did it take to see results on your scalp ?
i do n't have money for college and a job that pays nice requires experience that i get from the job that i dont have
they got it on pc and i play on xbox cause i ca n't afford a good enough pc to run rainbow .
an effective speaker would have been able to repeal obamacare and provide funding for the wall .
how do you explain what happened in orange county ?
there 's a relatively progressive catholic group in boston that regularly holds community round table events downtown on present issues like immigration racism inequality .
refreshing to see imo a faith that does justice https www.faith-justice.org
the article i 'm citing shows an example of heavy political bias fueling the anti-vax issue .
there is also evidence that the russian state propaganda machine is being used to hype up both anti and pro vaccine positions in the west
but instead of picking a side researchers said the trolls and bots they programmed hurled insults at both pro and anti-vaccine advocates .
their only intent the study concluded seemed to be to raise the level of hostility .
you see this pattern said david a. broniatowski a computer engineer at george washington university and lead author of the study which was published thursday in the american journal of public health .
on guns or race these accounts take opposite sides in lots of debates .
here is the original journal article https ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/pdf/10.2105/ajph.2018.304567 and here is a summary in the popular press https www.nytimes.com/2018/08/23/health/russian-trolls-vaccines.html that i quote from above .
i feel like you did n't read my comment .
of course it is directed towards men because men are the primary gender affected .
if that offends you i dunno what to say really .
i think i thoroughly explained things specifically in my above comment so maybe re-read it .
edit maybe i confused things in stating that it affects all genders .
it does but it is a type of toxicity that is specifically masculine seen in men affecting and influencing everyone around them .
if you consider 4 million people or anything like last years protests in the usa as not so big '' we 're talking about something completely different .
and i do n't really understand what you try to say but the protests in germany like alexanderplatz where huge and a milestone in european history .
in the marine corps so all i do is play all day everyday .
i have a posse of my own with guys in my platoon but they do n't play as much as me .
you can see in the pic that there 's a few mm of space between the heatsink and side panel as well as the ram heat spreader .
yea i hear those ribbon cables are a real pain .
you can get a guaranteed chain grab starter but the rest of the chain is not guaranteed .
you come out and show your knowledge is simply based on identity politics .
morons like you would gladly drag us back in the stone age to keep a quarter than work together and have dollars .
i live in az and i 'm in shorts and a tank .
6 wiki https www.artifactfire.com/artifact/cards/berserkers-call ? r=r choose an allied red hero .
i 'm a bot use card name and i 'll respond with the card info !
i 'll only infuse if the new item is 5 levels up and that has worked for me .
it 's quite a broad joke so it 's not unlikely that multiple people already thought of the same joke .
there 's a daily questions thread specifically for small questions like this .
it 's ok to bi-wire the center speaker though right ?
so jealous of the raw finish although i ca n't hit my chromed ones either so ...
that page does n't seem to support what you are claiming .
nowhere does it say that firing someone for violating an unwritten code of conduct is actionable .
it 's basically a great way to get yourself killed if you open a combo with it
if he 's putting pressure on you that 's a really bad sign .
you 're going to recover but probably not on his time table .
you have already explained your situation and he does n't seem to be able to handle it .
i hope we were n't dating the same person .
i bet you get a lot of looks like the ones jim gives to the camera after dwight it micheal day something stupid
a lot of people fail to realize that an employer hands you down the work to be done .
being self-employed you suddenly have this whole extra dimension to working where you have to go out and find the work to be done before you can even begin to talk about making money .
that 's why i got rid of my cyclone and am just gon na stick with a nox .
ohh that 's what that is.. i thought the game thought i removed a helmet or something
trump is lucky that americans are too fat and lazy to revolt ...
do n't feed the troll there will always be someone who hates
heyyyyy that 's pretty good 50 kills and 211 healed 👌
you 're an inspiration and good luck on your next bout !
the words do n't mean what they mean because that 's how a lot of people in the us use them .
it 's more accurate and therefore more honest to use the words liberal and conservative how they 're originally meant and best understood throughout the world .
from what i 've read vortex installs mods like mo2 .
there 's just one very strange feature about it you ca n't manually edit your load order only by editing rules of specific mods which i think it 's a bad feature and should be scraped asap .
now comes the obligatory just use mod organizer 2 '' .
but if you really want him it 's just a game so do it .
might want to look over the schedule first to see if there 's another unit coming up soon you want more .
i would not be ok with that coming from myself much less a partner .
i do n't see why i ca n't hold the same standards for my partner as myself .
so no i would n't be ok with my boyfriend doing that .
just as i would n't be ok with myself doing that .
please report back on how much power you get .
i 'm curious as to what to expect out of my 200w panel .
if flacco plays this week i 'm starting him with a little bit of confidence .
she was the virgin queen by choice not because she was ugly .
she was a hot commodity but did n't want her rule to be dictated by a man put in extremely general terms and it 's a lot more complicated than that .
it did n't matter if you were ugly or not if you 're an unwed queen of fucking england you 'll have an army of suitors .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a3evrk/fans_of_reddit_whats_your_favorite_thing_and_how .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
laughable that you take a beta vs alpha stance over this .
another lonely troll living in moms basement who has expectations of life and people that are as high as the sky and which will never be met because you 're too precious to sacrifice a petty ass expectation to deal with real life .
i never insulted you but ok. once again gl tho ''
uh 1009 snaps 588 snaps 120 snaps. also you ca n't speculate what tua 's efficiency would be with those extra snaps either .
he might improve he might not he might stay the same .
i use some very light grit sandpaper and roughed up the surface of my mk2 bed .
was having a hard time getting petg to stick until i did that .
when you look back on the early years of playing music what factors helped in building a fan base and what types of insight would you have for someone trying to make it as a musician in today 's music world ?
dude i can go play arena in hearthstone right now having never spent a cent .
how is that at all the same as artifact ?
they are paid modes if you want to pay .
artifacts are paid modes regardless of whether you want to pay or not .
though i 'd still want to sue them just to stir shit up .
that is n't to say that it would end in her favor or that she could even afford to do it .
it would be very expensive to get the same hash rate as bitcoin and really you 'd need the community to believe that your coin is better in order to displace it .
however lots of coins pumped the price of their own projects last year — though that 's not the same as your question it 's one way to create fake value .
maybe the human body can only handle one trip tho .
you guys are getting worked up over a strawman of your own creation .
remember it 's okay if you mess up and accidentally eat something you were n't supposed to .
i made plenty of mistakes when i first went vegan .
this song played constantly in a haunted house i worked in for 2 years and it 's weird to hear it out in the wild .
tracks 1 and 5 also play and i remember all 3 of them note for note at this point .
ja jonakin päivänä jälkikasvu ryhtyy poliisiksi syyttäjäksi tullitarkastajaksi tai lastensuojelun sosiaalityöntekijäksi .
yllättäen yksi jos toinenkin uusi tuttavuus on todella kiinnostunut tietämään hänen lähipiirinsä kuulumisista .
honestly i like it a lot more substantial than a nato but still casual .
i plan on buying a few more for other watches
how do you know she said hey mom op is upset that you did n't ask her to do fun thing '' ?
is it possible that she said hey mom i know i said i could do fun thing with you but actually something came up maybe op is free to help out ''
i would do this if my sister wanted to do something with our mom and i did n't really care about doing it .
i would lie so my mom so my sister could do it if i knew it meant so much to her .
the 53 500 price is with the state 's ev incentive deduced 6000 euros .
there are going to be irrationally optimistic hot takes .
there are going to be people clinging to slim hopes .
who the hell cares ... it 's the offseason the team sucked last year and people need something to get excited about .
op trumpeting his opinion as fact and insulting anyone who dare disagree is far more annoying than any post on this sub .
all epic needs to do to balance the planes right now is to incentive plane vs plane action .
there are too many times in a match when there are multiple planes above you for an extended period of time .
by increasing the amount of damage planes do to eachother in the air .
right now if i see a plane when i 'm in a plane i tend to avoid it .
i do n't want to enter into a lengthy dogfight where both of us are damaging eachother .
just increase the amount of damage a planes machine gun does to one another by 50 percent .
and oh yeah running your plane into the ground should blow up your plane .
basically i believe they were super natural entities who thrived in darkness and could n't be in light .
there were people in this movie in a bar i think with lights and all of outside was covered in darkness the only thing keeping the lights in their bar was the gas generator in the basement and it was running low on fuel .
i forgot the name of this movie and that 's all of the plot i could remember .
as maturing christians we must be learning to sever the roots of our sins not just mow over the moralistic weeds .
let me show you what i mean through something that happened yesterday .
me and two of my family members interacted with a very socially awkward person yesterday .
at some point during this interaction i texted my two family members a joke about this awkward woman .
it was not loving.and almost immediately i felt the lord say really ?
you 're going to say that about one of my daughters ?
have you forgotten that your sins have been dealt with gently ? ''
2nd peter 1:7 came to my mind for whoever lacks these qualities one of which is brotherly affection and love is so nearsighted that he is blind having forgotten that he was cleansed from his former sins.
now i could have simply confessed my sin of saying unloving and rude words ... but that would n't be severing the root of my sin .
that would just be mowing over the moralistic weeds .
so i must dig let me walk you through my prayer
lord you know that i sinned by speaking so rudely of this woman whom you love !
i know that you say the words of our mouths come from our hearts .
what kind of person says something like i did ?
how superior to her must i have felt to demean her for the sake of a few laughs ?
lord my heart is prideful and i feel better than others so often that 's what that situation just revealed .
i think i 'm above certain people based on social class dress based on how affluent i am my intelligence ... etc .
this is n't the heart of someone at the foot of the cross on his knees .
turn me that way and away from self centeredness .
help me reflect on how gracious patient loving charitable loving you were jesus .
you see i 've begun the process of severing the root of the sin my prideful heart and not just mowing over the moralistic weeds by saying lord forgive me of being mean . ''
do you see how much more depth this provides to my confession ?
we know when we are maturing as christians when other sins bother us as much as sexual sins .
keep confessing and repenting my friends his grace truly is great and capable to forgive us of all our sins .
i have a laparoscopy the day after christmas which means on christmas i 'll have a total liquid diet .
i 've gotten some jello and broth soups that i like but i still feel upset because everyone around me is gon na be eating delicious christmas food while i 'm spooning soup and jello into my face .
i 'll be getting leftovers but that 's not the same .
any tips to make the actual day more bearable ?
anyone know if it is still possible to get one ?
honestly at this point i would take any color but the google store shows them out of stock and i ca n't seem to find them anywhere else .
it was won by u/in-jail-out-soon with the angippo https i.redd.it/f098o00ela421.jpg .
it was chosen by u/-wienerpoop who won last week 's battle of the ghost crabs https redd.it/a2qjfb with the crahuahua https i.redd.it/qnr0k2e01n221.jpg .
you must use the chosen animal somehow and combine it however you want after that .
you can enter as many images as you want .
the winner is the post with the most upvotes as determined by reddit 's top of the week by sunday at 9am est .
the winner will get a special crown flair for the week get to choose the animal for the next battle and their winning image will be featured in the sidebar .
we 'll also give gold to the winner this week if their post gets over 1500 upvotes .
please use this thread for any questions/suggestions you may have for the battles or the sub in general .
i 'm curious if this is at all common among people with spd or if it 's just me .
i remember the talks from grade school all the way through high school about the hazards of peer pressure and how you should n't pressure others .
adults would talk about how kids do stupid things or dangerous things because other kids pressure them to do so and they give in and go with the flow .
my friends would try to persuade me to do something that i did n't want to do and after the third or fourth time i said no i 'd be irritated and usually yelling at them to drop it .
i remember wondering why it was so hard for other people to do the same .
i 'm forty-two years old and while i understand that the desire to fit in and the need to not disappoint someone makes people cave under this sort of pressure all the time i find it annoying .
it 's entirely an intellectual concept for me though because i 've never actually experienced this .
so i 'm curious if this is related to spd and if others with it have experienced this .
i read someone poo posting about how 2 shot shotguns only shoot 1 extra pellet instead of another cluster .
so i did some testing with this two shot pump that i had .
the shotgun did not deal anymore damage than a regular pump .
then i sprayed the side of a train car to count pellets and a standard pump has 8 pellets and the two shot has 9 .
reading the original post many people said op was wrong and that 2 shot shoots an additional cluster but my testing proved otherwise .
i have 5 lbs of venison stew meat 4 lbs of chanterelles juniper berries and a group of friends coming over this weekend for a nordic dinner party .
my plan was to make viltgryte or wild game stew but i have been asked to make something without a cream base butter in the recipe is fine so that 's out .
i have been looking at other venison stew/braise recipes and had the thought that perhaps i could do something almost like a coq au vin with venison .
does that strike you as something that would work ?
me and this girl have been doing the tango for about ten years now .
either she was dating someone or i was or we were not in the right place to date or we lived in different cities etc .
we 've hooked up here and there but the timing for dating was always off .
now the timing is still not very good but she 's got that lovey look in her eyes and i think we 're gon na just say fuck it and make it work .
she could decide that the timing is bad still .
she has mentioned she wants to just be single for a while and she might stick to it and that 's just fine but for right now i 'm in love .
fucking rom com ‘catch you before you get on that plane to another city ' level love .
update oh my fucking god i feel like the luckiest man on earth .
i called her on being nuts about me and told her i was nuts about her and everything is working out and now i 'm jumping like an excited school girl .
we have been texting for hours and it 's so cute that i am mildly disgusted .
i feel like me and you are on some wave length that no one else gets and it 's like we just radiate off each other. could n't have said that better myself ... just being around you makes me want to be a better me ... maybe i just really want to impress you ...
you inspire me. holy fuck we are going to be that annoying cute couple and i do n't give a single fuck .
my girlfriend and i are planning a trip to ontario over the christmas/new years holiday and are going to be car camping for the majority of the trip .
we are conflicted on where to exactly to visit and we will only have about 3 days in ontario and are planning on entering ontario via sault ste .
marie and exiting via niagra falls so it will be a bit of a road trip .
we are looking at exploring either algonquin or lake superior provincial park .
we like hiking and are n't afraid of more difficult trails but i do n't know much about either park hence this post .
i am an amateur photographer so i 'm hoping to find the best ontario has to offer !
also i might consider doing killarney for a day if we do decide to do algonquin but are seeking any and all recommendations !
i do n't know what i should upgrade to currently i have a ryzen 3 1300x and a 1050 ti in my computer .
my computer constantly is at 100 cpu usage while in rainbow 6 and destiny 2 and forget about streaming .
i have a parts list with all my current parts .
remember seeing this as a kid and it 's haunted me ever since .
it was shown on british tv in the late 90 's or early 00 's .
in the scene parents and children are being escorted through the streets by police .
in a nearby house there are some young men sitting by a window .
they throw a balloon filled with fluid out the window and it hits a woman .
the woman then says oh my god that 's piss .
it may have been set in ireland as i vaguely recall my mother saying it was something to do with catholics and protestants but that may just be my mind filling in gaps .
i remember this because it affected me rather negatively and made me feel disgusted .
but i 've no idea what it may have been about .
it 's like every character 's mouth/lips always look so stupid with the majority of expressions with g3 g8 figured ?
either they do nothing or the mouth just get 's small and their lips pucker up like an idiot .
does anyone know what that is and how to fix it ?
screenshot of r\/greatfilter top posts on the day we reached 1000 subscribers .
it took a little less than 2 years to build this subreddit to that size starting from zero .
it was a lot harder and more time-consuming than i was expecting but i have no doubt it was worth it .
when i founded this subreddit on 2017-jan-11 i did it because robin hanson 's concept of the great filter needed a stronger voice .
it 's an idea a divided world can rally around to solve all manner of problems that authentically threaten mankind 's survival and probably the survival of most life on earth too .
without the great filter all ills even the biggest ones could seem disconnected unrelated and easily dismissed as it ca n't happen to me '' https www.google.com/search ? q '' it+can 27t+happen+to+me '' .
my goal which i have made the mission of r/greatfilter is to raise awareness of the value and fragility of life so potential threats to its continued prosperity will be taken seriously .
i am personally amazed we our technological civilization has the ability to know about a looming cosmic threat like the great filter without knowing even the most basic facts about what exactly that threat is .
it almost seems like knowing the unknowable future somehow .
even more amazing is robin hanson was able to formulate the great filter concept as an economist who is basically a layperson as far as exotic cutting-edge cosmology is concerned .
he is essentially sharing a conversation as an equal peer with many of mankind 's finest and most renowned geniuses like albert einstein enrico fermi and stephen hawking .
not only is our technological civilization magnificently extraordinary but many of its most ordinary individuals are also equally awe-inspiring .
if anyone in our universe can beat the merciless threat of the great filter it is us all of us .
in other words our messiah could be you simply by sharing your thoughtful musings here in r/greatfilter on this excellent openly-accessible platform reddit has provided for us .
the more people know about the great filter the more our technological civilization will realize how important it is to reason with the wisdom of truth instead of selfish desires .
only then can we save ourselves and others from the inevitable extinction all life in the universe eventually faces .
a technological civilization is the only force that has the power to save life from extinction and cultivate it throughout a dead universe .
everything we know about the universe indicates the great filter is real .
however the great filter is still only a hypothesis which means science has not yet conclusively proven its existence .
while many things in science are rapidly made obsolete i think the concept of the great filter is worthy of becoming a lasting cultural token of common sense wisdom someday regardless of its eventual scientific validation or invalidation .
i intend to continue presenting the great filter as the boogie man https www.google.com/search ? q=boogie+man that real or not should scare mankind into good behavior .
remember even if the great filter does not exist it does n't matter .
even if we have passed the great filter it does not matter .
one thing is certain the universe is violent and it will never stop trying to kill us https www.reddit.com/r/greatfilter/comments/920vh2/bullets_and_butterflies .
bought from originative new and lightly used for the past year
so if i have a component that consists of a div for displaying the temperature in my area and a button that when clicked will request that data through an api call how to i handle the fact that my component has already mounted ?
if so are there any best practices when doing so ?
hello my friends i sell my bitfinex account i do not use it almost is not verified and it is totally mine
remember that to open an account in bitfinex you must have 10,000 i know that someone will take advantage of it .
you can communicate through joseholguin1312 gmail.com mailto joseholguin1312 gmail.com for any information thank you and happy day .
first of all i wanted to thank you guys because this is my go-to site for searching for new books .
i 've been reading fantasy books which contain different species that try to achieve some goal using differing techniques .
it could be an advantage stemming from a difference for example in a fight a slender man could use agility to defeat a stronger opponent .
i like seeing how different approaches can be used for the same goal .
i 'm not talking about something like vantage point .
more like the thrones '' saga in game of thrones .
so my partner has never cooked and he eats out most of the time he has the financial ability to do so due to not learning as a kid/young adult .
i 'm helping him get started on cooking but i 'm across the country .
i 'm looking for help on a few things .
1 what would you all say the best slow cooker is for the best price ?
i 've read that the all-clad 6.5 quart programmable slow cooker is really good and is n't too complex does n't have a bunch of buttons you 'll never use .
2 what 's a basic list of spices that everyone needs to have in their pantry ?
also hon i know you browse this sub so hi if you see this
i have an awesome fpv video i would love to share with the world !
this is a stan lee tribute i created in honor of his passing .
after months of preparation my team and i came up with a great plan to create this epic video clip and after weeks of editing we came up with this little masterpiece !
i hope you enjoy this clip as much as we did making it .
always looking to fly with new pilots and would love some constructive criticism .
i am from the nyc area and if you 're a pilot and would like to rip with just message me on any of my social networks
or suggest your maps imo id love castle between states and firing range
to measure the damage and stuff and check if jug 's ult is rigged
married military guy looking for online fun if the kc area maybe a meet up .
looking for someone who is a little kinky and it to talking like it .
i am trying to be a small youtuber with a music channel .
just want all the ps4 players to know that the holiday sale currently in week 1 of ?
great if you saw the incoming 12/21 eldritch edition update and want to get it at a discount prior .
can confirm that update will land for free if you get it now .
some other mvs on sale include guacamelee chasm the mummy demastered shantae half genie hero omega strike and death 's gambit
the supergiant games are also on sale which are n't mvs but are m*ar*v*elous bastion transistor pyre
i am now one day away from my goal of 90 days and i think some celebration is in order .
i do n't have much to say just wanted to congratulate myself on actually doing the whole 90 days without even a peek .
i am proud of myself for sticking to something even though it is a silent victory .
i did not do this for the glory of it merely to fix myself .
and i think i have made great progress in the past three months .
i was addicted to masterbation since i found it at 12 and have been fighting it seriously for the last five years .
the past 3 months have been a series of battles .
i attacked many of the habits and addictions that i had concurrent with my nofap and pornfree challenges .
i stopped smoking cigarettes cut down my ice cream consumption i love ice cream lol and have actually been able to lower the dosages of some of my anti-depressant medication .
my goal now is to be off all my mood enhancement/psychotropic drugs in a controlled and slow process .
i feel my medications were prescribed in error and i am trapped now .
it will be a tough series of battles but i know that if i can stop porn usage i can do anything .
it is not like the urge is n't there .
it is just much quieter and i am able to overcome it with ease .
i am not on day 90 of nofap only 23 days but i have only masturbated once in the past 90 days-which is a huge accomplishment for me .
i am likely to stay on the trajectory that i am now on and ca n't wait to see what benefits await me in the future .
thanks for listening and good luck to you in all of your goals .
i need a 6-7 page research paper over brave new world by aldous huxley 3 pieces of poetry from the modernist literary moment and how these four works illustrate that movement .
could anyone help me out i need a speedy reply and completion asap !
if anyone can help just let me know and i can give a little more info
hey guys for those who have read or are still reading the dokgo/tong line of manhwa are you guys reading tong edge ?
it takes place a year after the events of tong vanity and features ha jong hwa and ryu hee soo .
saw it on toomics at this link https toomics.com/en/webtoon/episode/toon/4636 https toomics.com/en/webtoon/episode/toon/4636
i 've read the first few chapters and the first thing i noticed is how different the art style is but i 'm still down to read anything related to tong or dokgo .
in this regard do you guys know if this is canon ?
just wondering because all along i thought that after tong vanity the next series is dokgo 2 blood rain and blood rain 2 .
on the plus side we can buy the dragons without evolution .
so in my opinion insted of a huge step back it was a step back but not a big one .
i scoured old posts and could n't find an answer hopefully someone can tell me what to do .
i have a few fuzzibunz pockets that were given to me secondhand and one or two of them have given me this weird leak seemingly through the pul where the thread goes through .
i 'm trying to figure out if the pul is just shot or if this is a symptom of an absorbency issue .
i layer the microfiber with hemp doublers and it typically does n't happen to a full pee diaper twice now it 's been poop seeping through that spot on the side he was laying on .
worked on the base a lot since my original post but heres my new base in the sky !
huge pain to get up to though so please add the fast travel mat to camps bethesda
i had trouble with both of those topics this semester and need help getting good .
i love the show but its lol when marcus will taste a product like ice cream .
then say its amazing and it 's the best ice cream he ever had !
then throughout the show he 'll say how the product is just soo great its a big part of the reason he 's investing .
how can his palate represent the thousands of people all with different tastes who might be buying the food item ?
if i would be investing i would get at least 20 of my friends to try the products and fill out surveys .
or even hire a firm to do a taste test .
anyone know if they do this and just do n't show it ?
i understand he looks at people process and the financial 's too .
but i feel he should be doing a large scale taste test on any food items and products .
most times the business is failing and he will say oh wow the product is amazing !
then he goes on to fix the process and people .
but maybe the product just sucks too most people and thats a big part of the biz failure .
he seems to be blinded by things he likes even though that does n't necessarily mean the majority of people will like the products .
plus if their batches are not consistent he could be getting the good gallon of ice cream but the next batch is horrid .
i doubt he 's sitting there all day randomly testing batches to see if things are consistent .
this is a pain in the ass bardin main here so you better be fine player another class .
message me on here or steam at 'goodapplesauce yt ' and well get it
i work at a global company and have been here for 12 years .
i have been lead/supervisor on my team of analyst for about a year and have been looking to upgrade my position after the completion of my masters next year .
after having a conversation with my boss about some needed changes to the way we do things he asked if i would like to be head of a new team that he is discussing with our vp of it and other vps .
if interested he told me to put in a proposal for the position .
with proposal writing and ca n't find a solid source for writing a proposal for a position and department you want created .
anyone have any similar experience or guidance you can give me ?
i 'm trying to alter my pants and idk what to do first .
should i hem first then taper or the other way ?
i 've been altering some of my pants for a while now and i just ca n't get it right yet .
let me make this clear keanu is a badass and i do appreciate the films for bringing back the gun-fu anime style fight scenes similar to the stuff john woo used to do .
that being said i think the films are a tad overrated .
they are full of cringey cgi especially with the muzzle flashes and bullet hits .
they are n't loud and have a weird clicky sound to them .
the action is intense and well shot but i do n't think it does anything new or better than previous action films except limiting the shakey cam .
watch the club shootout scene from the film collateral directed by michael mann .
i wish the wick films were more like collateral .
order pot medical cannabis blueberry kush weed marijuana medical bud dabs ganja white widow kush online at 420mailorder.net https 420mailorder.net .
we ship our medicinal products anywhere in the usa .
are there like any mods that degrade the texture quality a lot or decrease model quality ?
i 'm playing on an i5 6200u intelhd 520 and 4gbs of ram and yes i know that is very weak to be playing games on but i do n't have a choice here .
i do n't want comments like upgrade your ram '' or get/build a better computer '' i know i need to do that .
right now i get fps between 30 and some how 50 at times with a res of 640x480 all settings at their lowest ingame the internal resolution at 50 yes i want to play doom that badly .
i use the commands provided in the lowspecgamer video on this game on intelhd and low end gpus that is r\_shadowatlaswidth 32 vt\_filter 0 vt\_maxaniso 1 .
i use rivatuner to limit my fps to 30 so it does n't bounce all over the place and i 've made it through uac and the facility .
next unlocked level that i 'm able to play is the first level in hell .
thank you for atleast spending your time to read through this mess .
i have a set message that i send to everyone as soon as i begin to shop .
i saw somewhere that a good time saver was to create a use your first message as text shortcut .
i attempted to do so but it would n't accept it because of its length .
for those who gave been successful with adding a text shortcut more than a few words what did you do ?
i want to be efficient but the constant cut and paste is driving me really crazy !
since days i 'm trying to overclock my cpu but my cpu core ratio wo n't go over 42 .
i turned cstate turbo and speedstep on and off..also updated to the newest bios and disabled epu and reset cmos
does anybody have a zip or other archive of the eu2012 plasma weapons ' sound files ?
i want them for a project but manually extracting them from the game proved too confusing for me .
i could use help with me storm shield i find it hard to set up and defend alone .
i can help with yours in return if you like .
he 's about to turn 11 and does n't have a ton of friends on pogo so i 'm hoping to get him some from here .
so i saw a video on youtube a long while back about a comic and i 've been meaning to check it out .
the only problem is that i 've forgotten the title and my googling hailed no results .
the comic in question was about a woman surviving the zombie apocalypse .
she was apparently ex military and had american flag tattoos which was important because they along her her hair red and all the spilt blood also red were the only thing colored the rest was black and white .
now as you could imagine every possible variation black and white zombie comic with kick ass lead female '' only gave me results for the walking dead which while i 've it enjoyed in the past is slowly grating in me as it is overshadowing another comic i 'd like to read .
thank you for your time any help is appreciated .
does anyone have a link to a new guide or know what the best mining tool is the best to use now ?
i am looking for an honest opinion of what living in ann arbor is like love it ?
my partner is considering taking a job there and to be honest michigan has never been at the top of my list for places i want to live .
to be fair i know very little about what it is actually like there and would like to have a more open mind about it .
we are canadian in our late 20s early 30s have 2 big dogs and love the outdoors skiing camping hiking paddle boarding .
edit thank you everyone you have all been very helpful and insightful !
o s were giving me a tough time of it this run through .
that was my first time fighting a boss with a summon my first play through was all solo .
i have a few videos for trade i have mj jenkins vs taeler hendrix alysin kay getting squashed by big british girl taya vs tessa and sarah logan/crazy mary dobson vs tessa and renee michelle .
i 'm sure someone will find a hole in what i am going to say but from my knowledge these are the only real ways to block an iphone
1 use clean browsing dns service at the router level in your home .
it is easy to change the dns address in your router from the default your isp 's dns to a custom dns like clean browsing that blocks 99 of inappropriate websites .
you must have someone else control the password for the router so you can not change the dns settings back to default .
2 because dns filtering only applies to wifi you must also block content at the cellular level .
enable content restrictions in screen time and select limit adult content .
while there add any websites you do n't want access to such as instagram twitter youtube etc .
3 in addition to content restrictions you also need to disable the ability to install new apps and make changes to settings .
this will make sure you can not install a third party browser firefox chrome etc a vpn or change proxy settings .
this can be done within content and privacy restrictions as well .
these 3 things should make it impossible to access inappropriate content as long as someone else controls the passwords .
they are pretty extreme and will limit your ability to do a lot of regular activities on phone but for some of you that 's a small price to pay .
of course this is only a bandaid to the real issue at the addiction level .
i hope that it will help some of you make access more difficult as you work towards your goals .
i 've tried mode 2 and it just feels off .
but i know mode 2 is more dominant in the us .
everyone 's talking about men dropping out and how there 's no way to reverse the trend .
i think pop culture may throw a curveball when it comes to mgtow/incels .
within the next five to ten years there 'll be a tv show movie or play maybe it 'll manifest itself as all three that features incels as the main characters .
the movie will be honest in their depiction they 'll be disgusting angry slobs but it 'll be intelligent and sympathetic to them as well showing their human sides and explaining a bit as to why they 've ended up this way .
it 'll be generation-defining like a superbad or a caddyshack .
the hopeless lovable oaf has long been a major trope in comedy and incels are today 's perfect representation .
the movie will spawn a lot of imitators and in a way it 'll make being an incel cool '' the same way nerds went from nose-picking geeks to tech bros. and in doing so it 'll show incels how they can become more than their current situation even if it just means not playing as many video games or taking any small step towards bettering themselves .
only fully upgraded weapons can be augmented and g-rank or whatever they decide to rename it adds new upgrades .
assuming that the tempered/augment system remains the same augmenting high rank weapons will no longer be possible .
there is also decoration farming to consider nobody would farm high rank tempereds if g-rank ones give better rewards .
i 'm guessing that either high rank tempered monsters will just be removed and moved into g-rank or they will add new threat tiers with threat 4 5 and 6 being g-rank .
i got this armour a while ago from class quest and i really like how it looked .
anyone know if there are any ways to re-obtain it ?
also i will allow females to post here for now but any female poster will be watched carefully .
if enough of you bitches keep breaking the rules then i will have to ban women in their entirety from this subreddit .
i want to have a portrait of myself in the style of the manga artist hirohiko araki
we 're in the hvac industry so we obviously travel to customers homes to perform our work .
i thought today about having door hangers printed up that say something along the lines of we just installed a new system for your neighbor and noticed your system is approximately the same age so it may be time to consider replacing yours .
call us by mm/dd/yyyy and tell us you got this door hanger for 250 off your system replacement ! with a short menu of services on the back or something .
then when we 're out doing an install we 'd just hang them on the neighbors doors within a 2-3 house radius or something .
i can get about 500 of these for 80 so even one successful conversion would at least cover the cost to acquire them .
has anyone ever had success with a marketing plan like this ?
or had anyone stop them on grounds of soliciting ?
i 'm under the impression that as long as we avoid people with no trespassing or no soliciting signs posted and just place it on their door without knocking or ringing a doorbell we should be good .
my wife has an electric blanket that she loves and our daughter 's cold outdoor soccer season is starting soon .
the wife has hinted strongly that she 'd love a way to use that blanket in the bleachers .
the blanket is made for the car and can only plug into a cigarette lighter-type port .
there 's bound to be some kind of battery pack that accepts that as output but i can only find battery packs that use those ports for input to charge themselves up .
just wanted to get some feedback on installing genuine parts in my rolex 116610ln noob v9 .
so these are some of the parts i 'm able to get and afford for the replacement
rolex barrel with a new main spring in stalled in it .
or if anyone can point me to a good place to get information about these types of repairs .
the current issue that i 'm having with my watch is my crown .
when i unscrew it wind it and set the time to screw it back it i need to apply some force .
i just found out a few days ago that i have the gene variant for being a highly sensitive person .
i never realized this was an actual scientifically proven thing until now .
i just thought my sensitivity was due to childhood traumas and should be fixed .
like an outsider with a special ability of perceiving things different than most .
i 've always been drawn to more intuitive deep thinking people and situations and always see deep meaning in the smallest things .
i have always been told i am too much '' in pretty much every situation ever .
throughout the years i have changed my life completely and significantly improved myself through years of therapy and healing of my past .
i recently fell in love for my first time ever despite being previously married for over a decade .
in my marriage i always thought something was wrong with me .
my husband tried to convince me i was incapable of feeling love .
so when i finally did fall in love recently with a guy i 've been dating i was so incredibly overjoyed i literally burst out in to tears of happiness for the first time in my life !
just knowing i am capable of feeling this was so rewarding .
and then the relationship ended just as quickly because despite my years of self-improvement therapy introspection and him being incredibly patient loving and understanding of me i had absolutely no idea how to manage these intense emotions combined with a long distance relationship with a very quite introverted and busy man .
i got way too intense and completely pushed him away .
he had his faults too and i realize now i was terrible about sticking to my boundaries with him .
i justified everything just to be able to continue feeling the good emotions .
now that i am looking back i am so embarrassed at the way i managed this .
i 've dated quite a bit but i 've never experienced this .
i pretty much just became the crazy needy girlfriend '' .
i am heartbroken because i love him and he made it very clear how he was falling for me but then pulled away .
i am mid 30 's divorced kids tons of baggage and i am so heartbroken that the most amazing guy was falling for me despite all my emotions but finally just got too overwhelmed .
after researching this hsp thing i 'm terrified i will never be able to make a healthy romantic relationship work unless i gain some really good understanding and work on myself but i ca n't find any really great information guidelines etc anywhere !
how do i stop destroying everything good in my life ?
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score breakdown in the comments below ab players use https greedbutt.com/plus instead
discord users do n't forget the isaac server where you can chat in the daily channel https discord.gg/isaac
os livros que ele tem no site e estão à venda no amazon são um apanhado de postagens do mural do site .
literalmente ele copiou e colou em um arquivo do word e publicou não tem capítulo o texto é redundante e cheios de erros de português .
nem explicar o que é juro composto matematicamente o bastter sabe apenas sabe falar que é bom .
bastter system gente é uma planilha do excel melhorada .
vale a pena porque você não tem o trabalho de fazer você mesmo .
faz o cálculo de ir e alguns gráficos interessantes .
apesar disso se o bastter achar que um indicador é coisa de sardinha ele não coloca no sistema e foda-se .
por exemplo você fechou uma posição e quer saber quanto foi o lucro com base no preço médio mas lá não tem essa média porque ahh preço mérdio é coisa de sardinha vai estudar ! ''
so i 've been working as a host for a little bit now and i 've worked as a host before at a different restaurant but i just have some overall questions because if my lack of experience .
also i apologize for format i 'm on mobile .
i make 6.50 an hour and then tipshare is added to it to make it minimum wage which i do n't find as an issue i guess .
at the other place i worked at we just got paid an hourly so that servers did n't have to tip us out because honestly we did n't do much for them it was basically a seat yourself restaurant .
but where i work now i 'll work upwards of 35 hours and make maybe 200-220 per pay period every two weeks .
so i 'm just curious if that 's a normal amount of that ?
the restaurant that i work at is a huge corporate chain so we have to option to get discounts at all of the restaurants in the chain over 600 throughout the us but we have to pay for the discount which is about 9 out of the paycheck every pay period .
and yes that includes the restaurant i work at .
i 've recently had to go to the doctor pretty often for some medical issues and i told my employer that i 'm choosing to quit so i can focus on my health and they offered to give me a little bit of a ‘unpaid leave ' until i came back to health .
i explained that i do n't know how long that 's gon na be and i might start looking for a job that easier on me and maybe pays a little better .
i started to think that it might be because we just got a new manager and we are a corporate company so it raised the question to me if enough people quit under a new manager does that look bad on them ?
so far we 've had another host and a different manager quit within a week and then i got told my recent news that i should take a break from working even though i 'm probably just gon na find a job that 's easier on me because i still got ta pay the bills and i decided to quit but stay in through christmas .
join telegram channel for free crypto bot crypto signal https t.me/cryptosignalalert
so i ordered a bunch of stuff from amazon .
presents for half the family basically and with it a kids see ghosts vinyl since my cousin and me went to camp flog gnaw to see kids see ghosts .
it was one large package and within small packages .
in the package with the vinyl there was also red dead redemption 2 which i did not order .
i feel like this has been put there deliberately .
also if it was thank you brother whereever you are .
as you all know to get the dark matter skin wep you need to be a very good player but for some of us who is just a casual player i feel that one of the requirement is too hard for us and i 'm talking about the bloodthirsty challenge where u need to kill 5 enemies in a row the rifle sub rifle and some other high fire rate weps are easy to make those requirements but for snipers on pc its really hard to get 5 kills in a row u need to camp really hard to get them its its kinda ruin the experience of the game for me thus i think that the challenges should be changed to more easier one for example on snipers instead of doing bloodthirsty 5 times maybe do one set instead at least for snipers and slow fire rate weps when i 'm playing hc to help me doing those challenges i 'm losing a lot of kd that i had and its feel bad man hope you understand where i 'm coming from .
if you agree let 's share this post to let the higher-ups notice this issue .
guardian – specializes in melee combat – they are quick runners and can block sabres and blaster fire on secondary fire – they can stand up to hero units but are ultimately weaker in all aspects .
they all have the below 2 abilities and a different signature weapon .
ability 1 ion accelerator – silences nearby enemies around you for a brief moment so they ca n't use any abilities .
ability 2 dash attack – quick movement dodge and a slashing action .
ability 1 rally – raises yours and your nearby allies damage resistance for a few seconds
ability 2 tactical visor – for a few seconds enemies in your field of view are automatically scanned for you and your team .
special ability smokescreen – throw a small smoke screen to cover your teams advance or retreat blanket your teams whereabouts on the objective
shoulder cannon – a heavy wind up chain gun that fires faster the longer you hold the fire button .
ls-150 trandoshan repeater a heavy wind up chain gun that fires faster the longer you hold the fire button .
ability 2 tactical vison – for a few seconds enemies in your field of view are automatically scanned for you and your team .
special ability rollout siege mode – swap between movement and attack mode .
arc caster – charge up the blast and release a chaining energy rifle that hits the first enemy with full force before weakening along the chain .
arc caster – charge up the blast and release a chaining energy rifle that hits the first enemy with full force before weakening along the chain .
space porn will go where no man has gone before !
i mean i smoked a lot of damn weed with my roommate before leaving because my nerves were getting to me since this was my first time meeting her parents . ''
this is the most backwards ass logic i 've seen in a long time .
edit i 'm a pothead myself and i 've definitely made the same mistake of smoking before you have to do important shit and it blowing up in your face .
but it 's never been a problem stemming from logic more the lack there of .
by trying to get rich '' i meant working a good paying legal job .
cops target people driving into bartlett for having money just as much as criminals target people who have money .
the trick is to learn a little modesty which is a traditional value gentrifiers do n't seem to understand .
the memphis workforce is uneducated because the education system was intentionally destroyed to prevent integration .
however i know a lot of people with degrees in business and finance slinging plates because a certain class of people simply refuse to pay living wages meaning there 's not jobs for people trying to invest their retirements because they ca n't afford to retire .
low wages creates a negative feedback loop as henry ford famously proved when he raised wages and when his workers were able to afford his cars his business became a fountain of prosperity .
that first step is higher wages but the business class in this town just do n't have the guts to invest in memphis with higher wages because they 're afraid memphians will be able to buy their own houses and push land lords out in favor of personal ownership .
they both make €600m a year and easily half of it is from those sources
too many people seem to need that personal in your face learning experience .
that 's pretty bad but at least the fur and human like hands suggest that a nice hug could be a possibility .
a boston robotics creation with a shredder face on the other hand would be nightmare fuel
i see your point but he could give up those within his own organization and new york little carmine and the rest he just started rebuilding his family life represented by them laughing and smiling and actually acting like a family for once .
but when you 're facing 20-40 years of jerking off into a tissue you 've got some decisions to make .
do you need my to invert the right joystick ?
we 're not going to be bad enough to land one of the duke guys .
hachimura is a good option and i think we have a chance even if we pick in the 10-14 range .
gonzaga has a weak conference so tonight vs unc is their last high profile game before the end of the season .
i also think teams will be hesitant to use a high pick on a junior who despite having elite athleticism is a project player in many regards .
all that said i think we end up in the playoffs and there 's no reason to believe that we 'll be trading for a lottery pick in that scenario .
if i were arguing that the polls were a perfect indicator then i 'd say yeah you 're absolutely right .
i think what i 'm saying is that the polls currently have more than exactly zero value whatsoever . ''
why do people think happ is worth any amount of money ?
yeah it 's an event that fires for stannis he can choose to send the shadow baby or not send it .
when you 're playing as renly you get an event from within the tent—if you make the right choices with brienne 's you can escape unscathed though sometimes she does n't survive .
was given a set of jack skellington cuff links as a gift several years ago do those count ?
op hat gesagt das seine oma den hausnotruf nicht bezahlen kann .
ich hab nur etwas vorgeschlagen was man verschenken kann ohne monatliche kosten zu bezahlen .
the class you have when you have no class .
and better than having an awkward conversation and informing them they will be getting charged in future for calls which is what i was going to do .
maybe also do this and then in the future offer a service agreement for an extra charge where i guarantee to get back quickly
i love the third one too she 's too adorable .
it took me while to decide on a name lol
they should spend less time imagining blowing scott adams and work on their climbing skills tbh
true every generation has something to say about the other the next or the before .
it 's just a sad way of putting blame on societal outcomes .
in the end we are all just human beings waiting for an opportunity to be proud of where we live and come from generalization of course .
but if this blame game is so common why still have it oh yeah people need pointless shit to argue about and ways of redirecting fault without consequences .
if you like what i do please follow me on my socials https linktr.ee/yllauijaal and consider to support me on ko-fi https ko-fi.com/yllauijaal !
i 'm not saying people are saying he 's bad .
i 'm specifically commenting about one person lol you jumping in now too ?
just some catches on what would i as an sw player would happily meet without making any unbalanced or unreasonable combos .
what is it about ambrose that keeps them from coming up with some good original merch designs for him ?
all his stuff either just looks boring and the same or does n't make any sense like his weird jack daniels shirt .
oyeah i 've had a handful of interfaces and none have eliminated the static sounds my hackintosh made until the umc1820
i 'd like more meaningful content and fewer low-effort jokes shitposts .
a relevant question was asked on the askbiblescholars subreddit and the only answer given has some very significant information for this discussion
for those who do n't want to click the link here 's the response
i 'm not 100 on this but i believe the historic understanding was that the roman empire provided for the greatest possible exposure of christianity due to its comprehensive and large-scale reach .
the exact time and nature of christ 's arrival also timed rather nicely for it to go through persia into the caucuses and east into mongolia as well as south into ethiopia .
it is genuinely true that it was really good timing .
even today with the internet and social media there is n't as much social time**between people in a face to face way .
great connectivity and great social networking in a face-to-face way .
when christianity finally reached mongolia it played a role in unifying the tribes there that would eventually become the mongolian empire .
when it moved south it played a role with the african jews finding their own identity in what would eventually become ethiopia .
if this is true then the timing of jesus as we currently understand it may be pretty darn good .
that said this all depends on how much of the above response is true as the poster who has a ms in architectural history admits to not being 100 sure .
i 'm terrible with history can anyone with knowledge on this topic verify the claims in the response ?
i have physically experienced both and physically observed both .
i have also read about both to learn more about both .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
but according to you he 'd be a rapist for soliciting a 16 year old prostitute in a state where the age of consent is 16 .
i did watch django i liked that one leo 's scene though when he legit cuts his hand with glass shards was fascinating he really wanted an oscar p django is a lot better than hateful thats for sure .
i 'd prefer neither but that 's not possible .
crazy ants are in our trees and fire ants are in our fields .
i have a pest control to spray my offices and a separate company treat for fire ants .
this is exactly what happens in private industry as well .
it occurs in any large organization and is an insidious flaw in human society .
there 's a precedent that a sitting president ca n't be indicted .
note that it 's only precedent and not written into the constitution .
impeachment is the tradition way of removing a president .
i do n't have a question i just wanted to say y'all are idiots .
when i see someone driving a prius i automatically know they 're a prick .
when someone tells me they likely monty python i automatically know i 'm dealing with a moron .
i have n't read a single comment in this thread .
i can only imagine the retarded shit going on in there .
why would you think this would be a good idea for an ama ?
within supercars the huracan has neither top speed nor 0-60 against an electric car it will easily have top speed but not necessarily 0-60 .
the real advantage over elecric cars here however is in the handling which will still be somewhat compromised by the giant camera rig sticking out front
the bit about asian representation in film was really cringe .
i want to encourage you to do what you can .
i understand that sometimes things just stay fucked up .
i work with some pretty ... physically disabled people and the ones who still fight often literally have better vital signs like more normal blood pressure .
latex the good stuff throw the crap away that can be googled in 5 minutes .
he had a good results but filled the wider squads with very average welsh players .
i flick the pickle juice on my sandwich for flavor
for amumu vs lee sin that means it 's a close enough fight that whoever does n't use their spells effectively is gon na win .
the second he misses his q you ham in on him .
unless he sites scuttle for hp then you might have to dodge another q or get lucky .
really disappointed to see it 's just the normal game only you play in vr .
no vr controls with the moves or even ds4 .
i 've booted it up twice and even with the initial disappointment gone it 's just got nothing about it where they tried to make the vr a different and closer to actual pool experience .
really puts a sour taste in my mouth and it 's such wasted potential .
so why is he expecting a switch on day one ?
following the destruction of carthage the romans held the territory and did not settle it barring a failed attempt by c. gracchus in 122 bce .
while carthage was not actually salted cicero states that scipio destroyed much of the structure of carthage then carthagena itself which publius scipio having stripped it of all its fortifications consecrated to the eternal recollection of men whether his purpose was to keep up the memory of the disaster of the carthaginians or to bear witness to our victory or to fulfill some religious obligation. vellius paterculus describes the city as a ruin where a visitor lives in poverty in a hut but this is likely an exaggeration .
we also do n't know much archaeologically because the city was so heavily remade during the augustan period they basically dug up and replanted the entire city .
however it appears that the city was not inhabited during this period .
one interesting anecdote comes from the life of pompey when he apparently went to carthage with a bunch of his men around 80 bce .
while carthage had been removed as an effective state their numidian neighbors had been allies of rome and continued to have foreign affairs .
pompey went to africa at the behest of sulla to defeat his enemies but when he landed at carthage his men were apparently caught up with digging for the ancient treasures of carthage .
there are two points here first that carthage was so destroyed that the method to finding treasure was digging not looting second that carthage still was a port worthwhile enough to land in .
the latter point helps explain why carthage was eventually refounded carthage was in a good location and served as a useful landmark .
however it is apparent that the roman government had no desire to settle carthage for many years until caesar based on their descriptions of a curse .
while i do not believe that scipio africanus actually cursed carthage i do believe that after the colony caius gracchus failed miserably many people believed that the site was cursed .
there is one ongoing debate about whether the roman grid for the city was laid out in augustan times or shortly after the conquest either by scipio or by gracchus .
the main premise is how accurate the story is of wolves moving the boundary markers gracchus laid down .
while this is not literally true it does imply that there was already a system in place for making a roman map of the city .
furthermore there is a 111 bce law regulating land allotment in africa suggesting that someone had established boundaries there .
however much of this evidence is spotty and it is hard to say whether the site had been cleaned up since scipio or gracchus .
the important fact is that we have no evidence of serious construction in the region as if the city was being resettled .
the dominant regional power was the numidians who had their own territory and did not want to provoke rome by settling land that they did not own .
rome did not want to settle it out of fear of a curse and a general dislike for carthage .
she died because of exhaustion and dehydration from walking to the fucking border dipshit
that 's not what i understood from the thread .
but i do n't really know what they 're talking about so 🤷‍♂️
im running a ryzen 5 2600 gtx 1060 and only have a very occasional unable to load area issue no battle problems .
you can always try the specialk mod to spoof your core count and see if that helps .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/bicyclingcirclejerk how can i follow velominati rule 17 if it 's all digital ?
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
you need hero erik and jade for haulelujah and i believe its hero sylvando and jade for electrolight .
you can fight anyone it does n't affect what appears for electrolight .
i prefer the wrightbulbs at the summit right before the great tree since they do n't do damage .
go in with hero jade erik and sylvando a team for this set up .
whenever anyone gets pepped swap them with someone from the b team .
use haulelujah then keep defending until jade peps up again .
swap on sylvando who probably got pepped up already and have hero pep himself up .
if you have any pep pips the best use of them would be to pep jade during this second round of defending as she has to pep up twice per battle as does hero but his pep up ability makes up for it .
keep erik in your party though and try timing your electrolight use so that erik is the very next party member to move—that way you can use his guaranteed critical move to kill a metal king slime before anyone has time to run .
yesterday i spent a couple of hours doing practice runs through the jumping puzzle to see if i could get to the fight in 5 min or less .
my best run had me in the first fight room with 12 minutes left .
i am on a warlock and there are 3 areas in the jumping puzzle i consistently screw up .
i have been watching solo videos and thought that my 575-580 depending on loadout light level might make it soloable for me now .
if i were to go the lfg route and try to find a fireteam if they are better jumpers than me will they pull me through to the fight or will i have to finish the jumping puzzle no matter what ?
i had sex for the first and only time in my life so far on this day 9 years ago
i used to just disable them because sales always complained about this and used external mice anyway .
as the mosin has a lot of zoom with any optic use the one with your favorite reticle .
as you 're asking for help with the mosin and thus not very confident in your ability to hit headshots that makes two of us i 'd suggest using a more point and shoot until-type sidearm such as the deagle or tec-9 to give you some reliability when you need it .
when you scope in it 'll center on your target allowing you to get on target faster than you would if you wait to scope in and really helps with snap-shots .
i wish i could give better advice but really just do your best to hit headshots .
it 'll serve you well when you 're doing good but it 'll be useless when you 're having a bad day and ca n't seem to hit reliably .
you can get a version of drivehud for 40 bucks which tracks hands and has a hud .
if you want to build around it i suggest putting it in a 6 link i am using it in a bow as a support .
i was thinking of using this mod on a wand/dagger with siphoning trap on it so when i flame dash every now and then it will cast it but it does n't work ... i 'll try with ball lightning/coh/curse or something like that .
the link is here https www.amazon.com/getting-started-keeping-it-simple/dp/b07hyc1g4s/ref=sr_1_5 ? ie=utf8 qid=1544456840 sr=8-5 keywords=gordon+ramsay it might be us only i 'm not sure .
i downloaded all the episodes to my kindle hd so i can watch offline .
i get your feelings here but i found it really helped a lot to stop viewing him as a reflection of me .
you really can work to let go of those feelings and view these things as quirks rather than major embarrassments .
um at later levels showdown gives 30 xp per kill
i 'm afraid we 'll have to agree to disagree on that .
i feel like the sonic ova was the closest thing to a good sonic anime .
i mean narga could fit pretty well into the ancient forest – people have commented about that before .
and given precedent the complexity of 5th gen level design and how sock 's tweet mentioned map in the singular i do n't think we should assume there will be more than one new map until we see otherwise .
but a lot of those votes are due to false propaganda ...
i have 1050 have a dear laptop and just bought it so i wo n't be buying it and before you ask i have 1050 because i wanted to get an intel i7 processor instead of a really good graphics card and did n't want to spend over 1.5 k
yes if only we listened to the ravings of murderous madmen more often .
every time i 've watched a giants game this season i 'm in awe of barkley .
some of the stuff he does is just jaw-dropping .
fournette and zeke are both great backs themselves but even during elliott 's rookie season you could predict a big play just watching the tv and often times there 'd be a perfect hole for him .
barkley does legit give me flashbacks of when i first got into the game and peterson would always seem to break long runs against the packers that were just him being better than the defensive players trying to stop him .
he 's crossing the palacio de los jugos 50 yard line ! ''
the world needs engineers and software developers so robots can dig all the ditches .
if it 's there then he 's practically invincible for 3 turns but still vulnerable to debuffs and it only applies on pvp .
read his passive for more info be sure to tap the blue texts too
i have started keeping my smokeleaf joints in the hospital so that when my frail old colonists decide to light up and inevitably need to be rescued they do n't have to be dragged far to reach a bed .
and eminem is only and only ever was middle ground good .
new york oct. 14 2011 prnewswire — football night in america seems at first to be a presumptuous name for nbc to call their pre-game television program .
however according to the results of a recent adweek harris poll the name is accurate as almost two thirds of u.s. adults say they currently watch nfl football 64 including almost three quarters of men 73 and over half of women 55 .
why do reposts keep getting published while new stories take over a day to get posted or removed for arbitrary reasons ?
i do n't understand why it 's so popular .
first 2x of 1 is like 2 which means absolutely nothing .
i have played all clan battles after the patch and no token and that was an increase ?
for some players who are luckier there might be changes for them but to me this hurts much more than it benefits when the drop rate is entirely rng-based and now i not only have to spend more tokens for trading i also do n't see any clear increase in my token gains at all .
without the last special event reward i would n't be able to even help my clanmates with traded cards .
lots of the time i will trade will my clanmate even though i do n't have a token .
now why the heck do i have to help my clanmate if i have to sacrifice a token myself ?
yes mini pekka is good but i never use them ever on ladder so i will gladly give it for 50 heal if my my clanmate can not find anyone to accept it .
i could sometimes ask my clanmate to give me some cards for trading even when i had no token .
second why advertising in the radio royale that you would double the number of tokens but you would reduce our token values by possibly more than half ?
it 's like they said they would give us 2x the amount of reward gold in future challenges but they secretly remove the final chest ?
well no one is forced to play the challenge so no one gets hurt right ?
third black market trade sniping is sc 's issue not the player 's .
but a solution that must hurt all other player 's economy is outrageous .
it 's stupid to defend sc and blame players when they literally are the one at fault here .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
np happens here it is if you wonder or want to join the discussion https www.reddit.com/r/cubers/comments/a47y6l/code_bullet_made_a_video_of_him_creating_an_ai
all them are easily achievable except purpose it 's much harder to find purpose .
lol when the boss is strong but you 've been honing your button mashing skills for 10 years
hey just replied to you guys in another comment .
i do n't know if there 's a way to reply more than one person at a time but just expand the comments and it will be there
the person i hate most is fairly well off and would always wear gucci so i 'd fond that money find that gucci and stash it and find it later .
then i 'd get a haircut and a nose piercing .
i hate giving up diggs for an unknown talent .
i would rather give up my pick for a mixon/gordon/mccaffrey if someone would bite on that
i currently work that schedule on graveyard which means an extra 15 on top of my regular pay and i love it .
i do n't think i could go back to a regular 40-hour work week after this .
i 've got no advice but sending you an internet hug .
i 'll visit each one before the end of next summer !
becouse the game is n't optimised well and the hardware on the switch is not powerful enough .
i have to say i am currently in love with gara .
i have about 10 frames built that i havent even touched since i first took her out for a spin .
transparency tweaked on the text box for the following games
i also added the missing quick menu '' save skip etc during the beginning of the lorange journey '' story .
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
you could try washing if but if it were me i 'd just cut it out tbh .
that 's what i thought but i 'm not sure if it 's a regional thing .
i 'll remove this post lol sorry for the trouble !
single fathers are much less likely to be in poverty than single mothers .
of course their children are going to have better achievement .
it 's not because they are male but because the odds are stacked for them .
it has to be really bad to get me .
feels like a family guy skit that went on too long .
for making such a complete post that is actually making it to the front page .
the silence on this issue is ridiculous because they locked multiple trophies/major characters behind these stupid items that do n't spawn .
the fact that these characters ca n't even attempt to be gotten right now has thrown me off of blackout completely until it is fixed .
i have moved on to pubg until this issue is fixed
thanks again for trying to bring light to this issue maybe u/treyarch_official will respond to us one year
u/tflamez you messed up and replied to another problem so i 'm calling you here too .
maybe you are the key to actually get some kind of response
weird ... read the notes and had to get to this comment before i knew to be outraged !
i generally enjoy battle shounen some of them being among my favorite series but i find heroaca to be a mostly average experience with some highs and lows so i wish i enjoyed it more to be on the plus ultraaa hype train .
for all the people on the fence because of early access .
it 's super polished for an ea title and has some phenomenal art .
i played for like 3 hours last night and i 'm having a blast .
i 'm going to get weird looks when i have twins that end up with the cats names guzzles and morningstar
if god shows himself there would be no test .
the day god shows himself it will be all over .
so after learning about this thing i have this problem now im wondering if y'all might share it too .
so when i smile for a long time the muscles behind my ear like between the back of the ear and the hairline behind your ear start to hurt so i literally ca n't smile for a long time .
it 's kinda like when i smile hard or laugh i push my ears back which creates the rumble .
company has oracle as the dw and sql server as data mart .
dw is owned/managed by contractors so its off site about few hundred miles .
data mart 's server is owned by us and located upstairs .
dw has a schema for staging tables and there 's a big table on there that was moved to data mart .
ssis with maxbuffer and maxrow tuned did it in 44 hours .
our analysts who drink from the mart pulled it into sas in 30 minutes .
puzzled i tested how fast it took to create a copy of the table using into command and it finished in 15 minutes .
i do n't think the staging table had indexes as that table itself was just a create table as command that stitched oltp tables together .
i 'm not an etl guy or anything but the order of magnitudes between 44 hours and 30 minutes is unbelievably different that something else must be going on .
maybe ssis being a tool that requires expertise to operate optimally just was n't utilized correctly .
maybe attunity drive makes the difference though we are on sql server 2014 .
or maybe since oracle server is not owned by our company that our awesome firewall is slowing movement speeds ?
anybody else also experienced thier company 's firewalls slowing data movements ?
my dh and i have been nc with his family for about a year and i constantly get people trying to guilt me into forgiving them and asking about when we will be starting a family .
i have no idea how to get them to stop without airing dirty laundry .
my dh and i have been together for 10 years and married for 3 1/2 and ever since we starting dating we have had issues with my immediate family .
from the beginning of our relationship through these last 10 years i have not only been treated like i am not part of their family but my jnmil has flat out told me i am not part of her family .
for the first few years of dating i ignored the nasty comments and bad treatment since i did not want to make it worse .
not only did they treat me badly but they would also treat my now dh horribly calling him dumb stupid useless unless dh would help them ex do yard work work for their company for free pay for expense things and spending the money they promised on rent on new phones or computers along with not paying him to work for them .
he ended up moving in with me since he could not afford food and rent so i let him move in with me to get through the rest of his undergraduate degree .
i attempted to help with their business move siblings make dinners to help out my husband who was forced to do it and hoped this would help my relationship with them too .
dh wanted to get engaged but i was extremely hesitant since while i love him i was not sure i wanted to be stuck dealing with these family issues forever .
we went to therapy to try and work on these issues over the abuse that he and i have suffered from his family .
after about 6 months of therapy we ended up getting engaged .
of course all the worst scenarios i had imagined came true .
it went from not only treating me horribly but to spreading rumors about me stealing my husband from them me being a bully to his siblings and only wanting him cause he had a good job .
i even got insulted for any help i gave him getting a drink making a sandwich helping build his confidence .
which made me not excited to actually get married since i felt that i would be solidifying my fate .
we ended up moving pretty far away after our engagement which was amazing since we were thousands of miles away from all the gossiping and abuse .
however after our wedding we ended up moving back which i am now regretting .
in the process of moving back we stayed with my in-laws for a few weeks .
we tried to help out by buying food cleaning and i even did most of the cooking .
our 45lb dog was not getting along with their 90lb dog since there dog has not been socialized and caged 18-20 hours per day since he annoys her while she is watching tv .
their dog ended up attacking our dog which resulted in their dog also biting my fil pretty bad on the hand .
so i said nope these two can not be left alone someone or some puppy could get hurt .
a few days later i come home and my mother in-law puts both dogs outside since she wanted to watch tv and their dog would not let her .
come home to a dog fight blood everywhere and my dog in their dogs mouth .
i ended up having to break up the fight which resulted in me getting bite through the thumb .
my jnmil tried to stop me from taking my dog to the hospital or having me go to the hospital because she was afraid it would increase her homeowners insurance .
so now i have permanent damage nasty scarring and no feeling in my right thumb .
even after this we were still on speaking terms .
last year i threw my husband a birthday party friends and family and my in-laws brought drugs into our house .
due to the nature of my job we can not have anything illegal in our house or my career is in jeopardy .
i have had multiple conversations over the years about this with my mil and she tells me she can do whatever she wants .
it was not until a few days after the party that i found out that drugs were brought into our house and i was furious .
apparently dh had seen some things but not realized what his parents were doing until i was told about drugs being in the house by another family member .
when my husband attempted to address it with mil she started screaming at his calling him all sorts of names saying she can do whatever she wants in our house and that this mother son relationship is not working for me anymore and hung up .
she than went on to call family members to tell them i was spreading rumors about her since i was made she was in our bedroom and dh and i were so mad at her for being in our bedroom we refused to talk to her .
we started getting phone calls from family members saying we should n't be upset with her in our bedroom which turned into having to try and explain the situation .
my mil than started calling her and my family members to tell them i was spreading lies that she did drugs in our house .
so i had harassing nasty messages from my husbands immediate family and had to explain the situation to my family .
this has surpassed even my worst case scenarios that i had come up with in my head .
at that point i realized that i had to go nc with his immediate family because it 's unhealthy to be involved and it only ever gets worse .
my husband ended up also going nc since it got so out of hand .
i feel like this entire year has been a daze of how did it get this bad .
we are thinking of starting a family and i am utterly terrified of what could/would happen .
i have always been a very kind open minded forgiving person but also rational .
there is no way i will be able to forgive everything or would ever feel comfortable letting my children around my husbands family .
the amount of insanity and chance that something could happen to a child are way too high .
i am also terrified that if we do have children that if my dh decides to reconcile that we will end up divorced over me not allowing my children to be near his immediate family .
my husband and i have been back in therapy and he swears this will not be an issue but do i give an ultimatum ?
do i not have children due to fear about what it could do to my relationship ?
or do i have children and stand my ground to make whatever sacrifices i have to in order to keep them safe ?
i am dazed confused terrified and do not know what to do .
ps i realized i should have included we actually live about 90 minutes to 2 hours away from my mil depending on traffic .
my family lives around the same distance but a different direction .
when we lived 800 miles away we still had issues with showing up to visits abuse and rumors .
it was only when we moved internationally for a few years so no way for them to call us since we did not have a house phone or international cell phones that we did not have to deal with too much .
rumors were still spread and nasty comments were made but it was more of an ignorance is bliss situation .
however if we move as far as we would need to escape them i would also losing my family and friend support system which helped me get through the initial crazy .
single knots are considered the best method of knotting producing a tiny knot for each individual hand-tied hair .
two or three individual hairs can be single knotted at one time speeding up the process to the detrimental of creating a larger knot with less aesthetically pleasing finish .
double knots literally involve knotting hair twice to produce a double knot which provides a stronger more robust knot .
the resultant knots are however even more visible under close inspection .
bleaching the knots is just meant to make the knots less detectable .
the bleached hair will help to hide the knots in about 1/4 – 1/2 inch fronts .
it is a method of making the hair appears as if it is growing from the scalp .
if the original hair color is black dark brown medium brown or brown then knots that hold the hair onto the base will be slightly lighter and will be much less visible .
the knots will be smaller after bleaching which is hard to detect when you wear wigs with bleached knots .
as regards these advantage of bleached knots the disadvantage of double knots and single knots are obvious .
single knots are hard to detect but easy to shed by contrast double knots are hard to shed but easy to detect .
of course bleached knots have its disadvantage it 's bad to the hair quality and it will be easy to shed which is the deadly reason .
so we recommend that you 'd not bleach the knots through the entire head but around perimeter hairline 2 inches .
besides to the wigs which could n't be bleached we recommend single knots instead of bleached knots .
so the last time i posted i was near the climax of wolves and that book ended incredibly can you say amen .
the battle scene with the wolves and the magnificent seven '' was awesome and the revelations in the cave gave me chills .
i have to say i am firmly in the camp that loves the meta inclusion of sai king as a character in the final books .
i 've no clue how things are going to turn out and wrap up but it makes sense that there would be a world a level of the tower possibly the truest level of the tower where all our characters are ones made up from the mind of king himself .
song of susannah has definetly had the most dream-like feel to it even moreso than the drawing of the three but i am really digging it .
all three storylines have been enthralling from eddie and roland 's shootout and journey to see king to susannah and mia 's internal battles and now jake and callahan 's rush to find susannah in 1999 .
the thing i 've loved the most so far about book vi is the inclusion of real-world our world elements ... from king himself to cal and jake storing black thirteen under the wtc to the rose being held within a real new york skyscraper .
these elements have been really cool and grounding during this whirlwind .
i 'm where jake and callahan are about to enter the dixie pig and i ca n't wait to read what happens next !
i hope none of the tet comes to the clearing at the end of the path ...
but i have a feeling one or two of them may .
yesterday me and fiancée of nearly 4years decided to separate as we wanted two very different things .
i want kids he does n't anymore since our mmc in july .
it 's taken him 6 months to tell me how he really felt about kids and that going through 2 mc just confirmed he does n't want them .
it was the most hardest decision i 've ever had to do .
i offered everything to make it work but he was going to change the way he thinks and nor was i .
it 's just so fucking shit as we both still love each other but what 's done is done now .
ca n't change the way he is feeling or thinks
feeling like it 's all my fault that we got to this place .
i was grieving on my own not talking to him about how i felt because he seemed to be moving on and i needed to play catch up .
even after 3 months into recovery i spoke about trying again in january and he said okay after some comprising .
we had n't spoken about how we felt for months literally only last week he told me how be really felt .
i thought i was alone in that recovery process even though he was great at helping me and looking after me he still did n't open up about he truly felt as he did n't wan na hurt me .
so he confided with another woman and began to have feelings for her even told her he loved her .
not that they did anything but ... yeah still shit to find out through reddit that he had said this to another woman and then lie about who it is then lie again say its not someone from his work i 'm like fbi i found out everything !
was trying partner did n't want kids anymore broke up after 6months after mmc another woman lisa lead to separating
did you take the exam senior year of college or post grad ?
like sometimes i get a x10 or x12 multiplier but my business starts making 5000 times more money .
svw was making around 20p per sec got a x12 multiplier and then it started making 273.99q per sec .
20 x 12 240p per sec not 273.99q ... .
which means those multipliers actually boost your biz by 5000 or something .
another example dirty dancer at 40p per sec x10 multiplier and then 399.89q per sec .
with all the advances in computing technology the question is raised is a pluto transit over with the seconds or the minute ?
on my world i have killed almost all the plague hearts but i think i only have one left on my world but i can not find it anywhere and whenever i use the radio command to spot one it tells me there are no more .
i know there are more because there are still plague hoards all over my world .
does anyone know if there is a way to fix this ?
i got job offer with a permanent contract from a company in erlangen .
my joining date is 1st feb 2019.i 'm looking for a single room fully furnished apartment to move in.but when i did my research online i found that i require the following documents to rent an apartment .
so please help me out how to proceed ..many thanks in advance ! ! !
the completed tenant application form i took a look at the form .
copies of photo id and any visa or residence permit you need i have my visa ready.this is not a problem .
proof of income einkommensnachweis my joining date is 1st feb 2019.so i have only the company 's employment contract letter.would this be accepted ?
a certificate from your previous landlord stating i have no outstanding rent due mietschuldenfreiheitsbescheinigung please provide your comments for the same .
a credit report known as a schufa because of the agency which completes the checks .
it seems i can get this document only after i have registered in germany .
so how do i get this document from here in bengaluru ?
should i somehow find a temporary accommodation e.g like airbnb some where in erlangen and then try to find an apartment instead of searching from bengaluru ?
or can i apply for the apartment without the required documents ?
please provide your valuable suggestions for the same ! ! !
i recently built a pc for gaming and music production that includes 2 sata samsung 860 evo 's .
one is the regular one and the other is the m.2 variety but both are sata powered .
i just saw the hp ex920 at a local store for around the same price that the 860 evo 's were and the hp one is an m.2 pci-e variety so it 's faster .
do you think it would be worth it to return the 860 's and get two of the 1tb ex920 's ?
would the speed increase be really nice for gaming load times and other uses ?
also would two of these fit on my motherboard ?
i have an aorus z390 master but also the 2080ti ftw3 which i believe takes up 3 pcie slots ?
will i have enough lanes if you think it 's worth it for the speed difference ?
i was inspired by a recent post on here about using a d d-infused version of rome as a setting .
i liked the idea and the general premise but the races being segregated by regions did n't really jive with me .
personally i think the race should reflect their environment and/or culture .
so i went down a rabbit-hole of brainstorming with that premise ...
https i.imgur.com/8civd5b.jpg https i.imgur.com/8civd5b.jpg map of ck2 start at 1220ad .
using ck2 as an engine for generating intrigue and characters but adding a d d flair to each culture .
humans are most of the population of most of the world so just assume all of these places are mostly human unless it 's specified otherwise .
middle east the two major caliphates ayyubid and almohad are lichdoms whose leader is granted power by allah .
the other middle eastern states are a mixture of the two .
the remnants of rome the byanztine empire are ruled by mind flayers .
egypt has plenty of mummies some of which are called upon by the caliph for counsel .
the holy roman empire is ruled by githyanki who are endowed by christ .
dwarves inhabit the alps and rule much of the land around it but are still subjects of the githyanki .
spain has a mixed population of humans and kobolds and the nations are ruled by the half-dragon sons of a once mighty ancient gold dragon slain by the almohad lich-king .
in the north there are few humans as goliaths rule and war with each other in the fingers of scandanavia .
england is ruled by a waning goliath nobility who speak elvish .
scotland is composed mostly of wood elves and the subjugated irish are entirely halflings with the rare firbolg and other feykin .
italian states are metropolitan but true italians are gnomes .
balkans and eastern europe the polish are one of the few human-ruled empires however its population also has a number of goblinoids and a plurality of the population are lycanthropes .
the hungarians cumans and other magyar tribespeople are centaurs .
the various rus principalities are entirely hobgoblin ruled and populated by all kinds of goblinoids .
in the balkans proper is a significant dwarf population who have settled deep into and around the mountains .
asia the mongols are an immense horde of orcs .
india is a melting pot of states ruled by humans aasimir and githzerai sages .
in the himalayas are a large population of githzerai and a sizable dwarven population is dug into the mountains themselves .
the song empire is ruled by a number of human artificers .
southeast asia and polynesia is ruled by vast and warring empires of yuan-ti .
japan is ruled by githyanki of red skin and black hair who subjugate and ride black dragons a strange parallel to the european gold skinned red dragon riders .
other locations the north pole is a place corrupted by the shadowfell and has several portals to it .
the south pole is a connected directly to the elemental plane of ice .
oceania is the actual location of the nine hells https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e0/map\_of\_australia.png https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e0/map_of_australia.png each city on here being a different hell as well as wellington nz .
each day the players spend in the game i will advance the game in ck2 by one day .
ck2 generates the rulers lesser nobles plots between characters religious and historical events and all other forms of intrigue .
since this campaign will take place on earth i can calculate the actual distances from where they are to where they want to go .
in major cities they can keep up-to-date with the latest intrigue and perhaps capitalize on it .
ck2 provides essentially a world engine on top of an important fleshed out npc generator .
what would you change of the races and cultures ?
what quests would you send players on in such a world ?
he was assistant manager on a national team that nearly won the world cup and managed a club to 4 domestic league championships in just 6 years .
the two bad marks on his resume are one stint at a club that 's big but dysfunctional and one stint at a club that gave him a budget of pocket lint to work with .
unlike gbs who has no tactical setup and relies on individual talent of his players de boer has a distinct style that is pro-active and possession-oriented exactly what united wants .
he has a penchant for playing young players exactly what atlanta wants .
and not to mention that the club he managed to 4 titles in 6 years ajax amsterdam is essentially exactly the club atlanta united wants to be a big fish in a relatively small pond that makes a lot of money from being dominant domestically and selling big stars to foreign clubs .
really shows how premier league-oriented americans ' view of international club soccer is that our view of de boer essentially begins and ends with one job in england that was a poor fit for club and coach .
imo de boer is a far better pick than schelotto .
hi im helping my friend out because he ca n't log in to his computer because only the numpad on his keyboard works and not the accutal letter keys .
edit he tried another keybaord and it didnt work seems to be somethin with windows
edit 2 he is in the log in screen so he has limited acces to stuff
he fixed it nevermind he just needed to restart it a couple of times
tune in today at 12:15 pm pt to the ayn rand institute 's youtube channel for a discussion about the patreon controversy .
yaron brook talks with onkar ghate and greg salmieri about free speech the patreon scandal and sam harris 's reaction .
or are those three basically the only ones on ps4 at the moment ?
lookin on seat geek and cant see anything posted about ticket sales in salt lake city .
also havent seen him post anything as of now .
if yall could post a link that would be swag
no updates but wow did offer us a credit !
i 'm lvl 80 ... never killed the douche before would like to tonight .
is it 60 fps high or epic epic only does 30 fps but there should be a difference since it 's epic ?
hey guys i 've adopted a ball of floof and her name is lily .
she 's about 10 weeks a lab and heeler mix we think and super fun but i have a few questions .
1 how so i know if she has a double coat ?
i checked and i can only see one coat .
her appearance is predominantly lab so i thought she would have a double coat but i noticed she gets really cold outside 40deg no snow and i thought she would be able to handle it .
i 'm not super concerned because i live in a very dry climate and shes growing a lot so i figured its probably that .
also she got spayed 2 weeks ago so i 'm thinking the drugs may have dried up her skin .
but shes constantly scratching and i want to make her more comfortable .
every anti dandruff shampoo says dont use on puppies less than 12 weeks old and i 've been told to give her fish oil .
have any of you dealt with this if so what did you end up doing ?
3 shes seems kind of thin in her stomach a few hours after she eats .
i 'm guessing this is normal i 'm feeding her 3 times a day and slightly over the recommended amount .
but looking down at her i can see shes kind of thin .
i bought a asus p8z77-v lk with an i5 2500k and some corsair dd3 dual channel kit ram .
for some bizarre reason the board will not boot with it in dual channel red light stays on .
i tried another set of ram trident x and it will not do it either .
i have torn the thing apart checked everything i can even reset bios and cmos ... to no avail .
however the board will boot with just a single stick in or with 2 sticks in single channels a1 a2 .
so it has 16 gb in it right now just not in dual channel .
the computer works fine and can run games and browse just fine .
it seems stable and there 's no real issues .
i ran some benchmarks and it all seems okay although the ram benchmark was below average .
is it ok to just cut my losses and leave it alone ?
the motherboard was second hand and i 'm tired of messing with it .
it does what i want it to do and would just rather move on .
will the ram in single channel work just fine for regular daily activities watching movies light gaming browsing etc .
i do not intend to use it for anything extreme or any modern games .
bought my stuff november 14th tomorrow will be the 5-week marker so i was curious if anyone got their items earlier than 5 weeks or later .
hi dpp so here i 'm looking to play a milf celebrity who has slaves she plays with .
i do prefer darker kinks like snuff and abuse but they are n't necessary .
celebs i 'll play include sasha alexander gemma arterton salma hayek zoe saldana halle berry eva green amy adams lucy lawless natalie portman blake lively and more !
i am over eighteen looking for somebody over 18 to play with in fantasy rp .
so my top school was boston college and i got deferred even after being told i would be a great candidate .
even though there is still a chance i could get in rd i want to apply to more schools that are similar to boston college yet not as hard to get into .
i really like the boston area so i will probably add boston university and brandeis as well .
any other schools with a good business finance program near a city that are n't as hard to get into with notable academics ?
my top picks would be zero/zero-two star dream queen sectonia and hyness/void termina
dark mind and necrodeus would be too similar to nightmare .
marx who was strangely not included in the original anime .
magolor and gryll would be better off as characters in the anime .
dark nebula drawcia dark crafter and yin-yarn would be best if they give them an episode where they 're the main threat .
and now it 's stuck on a loading screen .
how difficult would a nut free including coconut free vegan diet be for someone that lives rurally so wouldnt have access to anything you wouldnt find in a standard small supermarket ?
every time we fight this boss in a higher mythic keystone i seem as a disc priest to struggle on healing the explosive burst .
it feels like the ability is rng and we get 3 in a row sometimes but only get it once some other times .
is there someway to deal with this mechanic or is it strictly rng ?
i have an iphone x 64gb silver that 's in good condition .
i recently began learning mandarin chinese and i 'm now trying to design a strategy to do it as effectively as possible .
how helpful are grammar books for learning a new language particularly for a beginner ?
do they help clear things up and make things simpler or do they just complicate things and get in the way of actually practicing the language ?
have you personally ever used a grammar book for learning ?
if so what did you do to make the most use of it ?
i 've been looking at this book https www.amazon.com/chinese-grammar-wiki-book-elementary-ebook/dp/b01chnz75a/ref=as_li_ss_tl ? ie=utf8 qid=1503307962 sr=8-1 keywords=grammar+wiki linkcode=sl1 tag=allset-20 linkid=29d8e8f51e1c1697fe3b66207d609c1f by the creators of chinese grammar wiki and i 'm tempted to by it .
is this the best grammar book for mandarin or are there better alternatives ?
i realize that you ca n't rely on a single book to learn a language but as a supplementary tool how much does it add to your learning ?
last year i made a survey on regional variation in rudolph the red-nosed reindeer '' song lyrics and i 'm looking for more responses again this year .
all the questions are fill-ins about the informal call-and-response lyrics your elementary school self was probably familiar with note that these are additional lyrics outside the official ones .
for example the song says rudolph the red-nosed reindeer '' and then you say reindeer '' had a very shiny nose '' and then you say like a i do n't want to prime anyone by giving an actual answer but hopefully you get the idea .
there are a few demographic questions asking approximately when and where you learned the song decade and state/province/whatever .
all questions are optional and the survey is completely anonymous .
a link to the results from last year is provided at the end of the survey .
i 'm hoping to get some results from this year up by christmas .
for instance if an employee at a store was caught stealing by their boss on camera .
the boss calls the police and has the employee arrested .
a few days later the boss has a change of heart and does n't want their employee sent to prison .
can the charges be dropped at request of the boss even though the thief had already been arrested ?
my whole life i never really liked music had maybe 4 songs that i actually knew .
once i found metallica that changed and basically all i listen to is still metallica going on for about 2 years .
i 'm trying to find new music so i do n't burn completely out of the music i already like .
my top 4 metallica songs in order are orion to live is to die and justice for all and the day that never comes .
i ca n't really pin down what is shared by them that makes me like them other than perhaps complexity ?
i know nothing about music so that might not even be the right term .
i tend to know whether i like a song or hate it within the first 30 seconds of listening so finding music i like is pretty difficult for me .
hey guys so i 'm sorta braindead when it comes to mechanical keyboards apart from the switches but am i right in thinking when a keyboard is a 60 mechanical keyboard '' it is referring to the size ?
an example of this would be the vortex pock3r which all have 60 '' in their names .
i 'm from brazil and the company that i work for is willing to pay for me and my fellow co-workers to go to gdc 2019 with the all-access pass .
now we are all web developers some are graduted in game development but none os us work in the area .
i was wondering if i should go and what i should hope/wait for from the event what things i should see and stands that i should n't miss .
also where to eat and this to see in san francisco do they have giveaways on gdc those kinda of things ...
thanks in advance for your time reading/replying to this !
gemmed out activate the highest tier of dark matter camo nuclear medal with every primary weapon .
they made it to where you do n't have to get 30 kills but rather for example 6 bloodthirsties .
is this new change able to make this dark ops challenge obtainable ?
from my pov a pig or chicken born in a factory farm was created by humans with the intention of being an object that yields other goods .
therefore there is no reason to fight for its welfare unless it affects humans as its sole purpose of creation was to provide meat .
if the living conditions are detrimental to the quality of the meat then they should be improved for the benefit of humans .
however processes should be maximised in terms of both meat quality and production efficiency regardless of whether that efficiency is a detriment to the lifestyle of an animal such as not enough sunlight etc .
please not that i do not support simply harming animals like if somebody drowned a puppy for fun .
however in the case of factory farming the welfare of the animals farmed do not matter .
they were created to die therefore their welfare is irrelevant .
i 'm very conflicted about this as my mind questions why slavery is not okay which i know it is n't and why humans are inherently different to animals i feel that they are and i 'd really like to decode my viewpoint or change it through discussion with others .
tldr over contributed to 401k by 1.70 yes one dollar seventy cents .
should i make amends or should i just take the penalty ?
in 2018 i was employed by 3 different employers i.e .
i had 3 different full time jobs with 401k plans/accounts .
through all of this job switching i miscalculated how much i contributed in total to my 401k .
i contributed to my 401k at my first job and my second job but not my third and current job .
first job is a large corporation it would take a long time for them to correct anything but it can be done .
second job is small company it would be next to impossible for them to correct anything as they are incompetent .
i 've read online that i will be double taxed on my excess contributions which means i would be taxed twice on 1.70 excess .
this is something i am willing to accept if there is less paperwork involved than correcting my over-contribution with my former employers .
going forward what do i have to do to let the government know that i went over my 401k limit ?
how do i pay the penalty and sort this out ?
is it less involved than sorting this out and making amends through my former employers ?
i 've recently bought this headset few days ago .
i 've downloaded the software cue and the problem is none of the presets available in the software produce me a volume that is high .
none of them have high volume and if i do make my own preset with high volume it 'll just make the quality worse .
used all the presets available but all have the same outcome of low volume while playing games .
was looking for a pair of wireless headphones i could wear at work desk job and at the gym and thought these would be perfect .
i 've been using them for the last 2 hours and my initial thoughts/issues are
they have not worked at proper volume both through laptop and iphone x .
they 're quieter than my 15 headphones i was using .
i rebooted '' and now the volume is about equal to the 15 pair .
the quality is a lot better but for a company known for high volume it 's bizarre these do n't get louder .
i 'm basically at max volume which is plenty but based on the brand and the price i assumed i 'd get louder sound at less volume-level .
the left ear has gone in and out without me even moving .
it 's way more infuriating than i could ever have imagined .
my ears almost feel better with them in which is an odd thing to say .
debating whether or not to return them and just get an over-ear quiet comfort headphone for work and stick with 15 wired headphones for gym .
i saw thousands of 4 star reviews but does anybody actually love these ?
i 've been on a quest to find comfortable underwear which let 's me not feel squished and has support .
feel overall they hug everything fairly well and have an almost not there feel to them .
they are very cool as well almost too cool for the winter .
looks i like how they look on me the stitching is in all the right places both in the front and the back .
support the bull pen '' appears to be doing it 's job in keeping me in the front which i like .
however there 's very little in terms of ball support so i find myself pushing it up to create my own pouch .
they also are n't as roomy as i was hoping for so it does feel a little squished .
overall they are good underwear and i enjoy the the bullpen aspect of them but they just need more room in the front before i could commit to them .
that said i 'll still wear them from time to time as they are way better then haynes and jockeys that i have currently .
i have not tried others that have been recommended yet like wildmant or obviously .
with so many forwarding services popping up i 'm trying to figure which services are the best bang for you buck and after some searching i 'm more confuse than ever .
i have narrow it down to zenmarket blackship tenso and neokyo .
zenmarket charges a flat fee of 300jpy per item .
there 's also a 3.5 fees for credit cards .
neokyo charges 250jpy per item and a additional of 500jpy handling fee for additional 150jpy per kilo after 2kilo .
blackship charges 1 per package received and 2.00 0.50 per kilo mailing fee and a additional 5 on top of that charged by japan post .
tenso charges 50jpy handling fee and a 530jpy shipping fee .
fbi reviewed flynn 's calls with russian ambassador but found nothing illicit
fbi clears michael flynn in probe linking him to russia
house intel report mccabe said agents who interviewed flynn 'did n't think he was lying '
texts show judge who recused himself in flynn case was friendly with fbi agent involved in probe
did the fbi retaliate against michael flynn by launching a russia probe ?
exclusive fbi 's own political terror plot deputy director and fbi brass secretly conspired to wage coup against flynn trump
this is a discussion thread to share thoughts memories or first impressions of albums which have lived through the decades .
maybe you first heard this when it came out or are just hearing it now .
even though this album may not be your cup of tea rest assured there are some really diverse classics and underrated gems on the calendar .
use this time to reacquaint yourself with classic metal records or be for certain you really do not get '' whatever record is being discussed .
these picks will not overlap with the r/metal aotws .
i 'm just getting started with creating an ab/skincare routine and this is the resulting fallout .
if you 're in chicago i would be more than happy to meet you in a public place to exchange for discounted prices !
shipping within the us unless you 're willing to pay additional shipping charges .
i went to at least 5 different cvs 's to find this but it did n't end up agreeing with my skin
purchased in korea a year ago and gifted to me by a friend but i do n't really use sheet masks anymore .
the date printed on them is 12-06-2017 but i believe this is the production date and not the expiration date as they were gifted to me in january 2018.
entel collagen mask pack from the lovely gothickornchic with my sample purchase
ginseng and eucalyptus under eye mask received as a gift last week
does anyone have any experience using a dual arc usb lighter instead of butane with a dynavap ?
i 'm considering buying a shadow m for an upcoming trip with a new butane lighter however i 'm afraid that it 'll end up being a waste and i wo n't have access to my vape on my trip .
i might end up just buying a normal torch lighter but ... i would prefer something easier to travel with like a usb one .
where is a good place to learn how to make infographics .
i 've seen r mentioned but i was confused by it at first .
nothing beats the feeling than finding a sulphite deposit on a map .
what i like to do is wait and fill up my sulphite to its max capacity and then it 's delving time !
i tried to launch the game this morning and it gives me an error message asking me to remove a harmful app .
i have no other app running and i even restarted the phone to make sure .
i have not installed any new app since playing the game yesterday .
i tried to reinstall the game and no change .
1 i had to unsuscribe from r/fallout because it 's become an echo chamber with the same 3-4 arguments
i find it hilarious that people are claiming new vegas was good when it was pretty much unplayable upon release .
the game was highly criticized back then for being incomplete and still is ie no legion quests but all of a sudden it 's become the best videogame of all time
i am looking to purchase a lightly used slightly bloodied two shot handmade rifle .
if anyone on xbox would happen to have one of these heavy bastards sitting around that they want to off load please let me know .
the oneplus 6 is a 80 euro cheaper but i feel that the s9 offers sooo much more 1440p ip-68 wireless charging mini-sd and some more but i am concerned about the mali gpu and exynos cpu .
it seems to perform way worse in games like ark compared to the oneplus .
is this just an optimization problem or is it just not that good and not worth the trade-off ?
anyone wan na fill me in on what happened exactly ?
just got back into airsoft after a few years and decided i 'd rather purchase a new gun than attempt to upgrade my outdated ones .
i keep seeing a lot of buzz about g gs arp9 .
210 is more than i 've ever spent on airsoft is it worth it ?
i 'm concerned a newer model competitor may come out right after i buy one .
furthermore if purchased i 'd like to add a silencer with tracer unit if i can afford it and an optic .
my husband who is in the royal navy came home from his base away yesterday and broke the news that he was leaving he alotted 20 minutes to this conversation with me before he had to be back on a train as he volunteered for extra shifts so he had an excuse to go .
i am in bits it 's a complete shock to me but he 's been having doubts since our daughter has been born and has been seeking therapy behind my back through the navy but never involved me in any of it .
i feel so stupid i was so excited for him to be home and was all over him but he was n't really responding after he put the baby to bed he told me then left .
so i am a third year student currently looking for dev jobs right now for pey .
unfortunately my gpa is going to fall hard this semester low 2 due to extenuating circumstances deaths in extended family .
i should have just dropped all courses this semester but tried to soldier through and screwed up my gpa .
i can get it back up to almost a 2.7 at the end of next semester .
how likely is it that i find a dev job for pey .
i have 3 side projects out of class and some freelancing work like webdev stuff .
also should i mention my gpa in my cover letter and explain why it fell this semester ?
i have heard great things about st ankton and ischgl but what 's the best place for apres ski in austria for under 20s
my husband and i recently switched to a new medical group .
on the intake forms are questions about our home life including drug use .
if i check yes to the question about drug use in the home will my doctor reveal my husband 's marijuana use to his doctor ?
is it technically a hipaa violation if it 's not my own medical info or is everything i disclose strictly confidential ?
i am of course encouraging my husband to be truthful to his doctor but that 's not up to me and i do n't want to lie to mine .
also do n't want to cause undue trouble to him .
what is the best and smartest way to spend my gems on ?
i just started playing 3 days ago bought the level 5 pack and now have 94 gems .
looking for ideas to control the birds nest of wires and have better cable managment and to mount modem and router and to hide cables .
when i say big boi i mean swtch and adam because i feel em and merc have a higher chance of being redeemed or not seen as guilty because they are kids .
the only one i see as unredeemable is tyrian just because he is completely bonkers .
watts is another one i 'm on the fence about he is a evil scientist but maybe he just wanted a chance to do his work to help people combat grimm and was excommunicated for it .
the other ones sorta have obvious reasons other than cinder .
her redemption would only be if she betrays salem or is amber gives her good girl thoughts .
i 'm not nearly as creative or smart as the other people on this sub so i 'd like to hear other thoughts .
have you ever had a word on the tip of your tongue for 20 minutes straight and then you remember it and yell it out in public ?
i 'm naturally thin but i hate looking in the mirror and seeing that i 'm soft .
i want to get toned without bulking up and getting a kim k butt like most fitness influencers train for .
i use mine as much as possible for transactions to earn rewards .
the only reason i use it is for the rewards .
basically free money but the key is not to carry a balance .
i feel like i need to be in a detox facility .
i dont even want to buy anything for my kids anymore like cookies etc .
my daughter at 8 binges sugar foods and cakes till she pukes sometimes from all the sweets .
my son used to be like that as well .
i have a few kids and the rest do not do that .
the descriptions above for nye at times square belongs here .
i like weddle as a bolt i still wear a weddle jersey and grow a weddle beard when football season hits .
both sides could have done a better job being adults .
afaik and definitely correct me if i 'm wrong !
communism relies on not a single person to get greedy and since it 's in human nature to be greedy communism is impossible to sustain for humans .
again this is what i state with my limited knowledge if you know better please do correct me .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=how does post rate affect visibility on reddit ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
blood in your body without oxygen is blue and it does n't turn red until it is oxygenated in your heart .
when you cut yourself it becomes oxygenated by the air and it comes out as blue . ''
i had many teachers explain this to me and looked like an absolute fool when arguing it to college friends a few years back .
they made a deal with mark millar for the millarworld .
why does this community have such a culture of siding with friendlies ?
it does n't in most threads they get shit on
it 's the manhattan church st is n't it ! ?
i got excited as i 'm right by the brooklyn church st.
uber var jo kun billige fordi 99 af chaufførerne ikke betalte skat eller var for dumme til at regne totalomkostningerne forbundet med kørsel ud .
you should post imgur links if you want embed btw .
well nero actually should n't know what happened boudica but her smug says otherwise d
the power charge on crit gem gives damage per power charge aswell afaik .
the paranoia/narcissism about the downvotes is the most hilarious part of it .
like if we assume for a second that this is something that would happen on a random thread like that does he seriously think his comment is important enough to attract that attention .
it would 've been nice if there was a cosmetic reward though .
only a few things get added to the in-game store a year i want to say this is the first mount that 's been added in over a year .
there are so many fantastic mounts that can be earned just by playing the game that are n't just reskins and hey even some of the reskins look fantastic .
when you hear '' a sound it 's your brain interpreting the vibrations in your eardrums through electrical signals .
when you hear your own thoughts it 's basically the same thing but you skip the step of the sound actually going into your ears and then being sent as an electrical signal to your brain .
there 's still the electrical signal telling you to hear a noise but you get to skip the first part .
think about it like this hearing an external noise is like cooking and eating food .
hearing your own thoughts is like eating food without having to cook it first .
no spreadsheet for me but a resent inventory count has me at 817 .
1. they are committed to protecting the network while the hashrate is low .
this is a signal to business that the miners value this chain 's future value and will support it .
this signals to miners that sv miners value future value and are fit .
so if the other coins collapse there are people who value keep g this chain alive at an existence .
as i said i 'm not arguing it was the best decision .
my new razer 2 phone can play intense games all day on one charge but it is a high end gaming phone and i would n't have it if my youtube subscribers had n't bought it for me .
i 'd actually prefer some alone time for awhile or at least having a place to myself .
my home life and romantic life have had their ups and downs recently and i 'd like a little more stability for the time being .
had she had any magic in her she would have been accepted to hogwarts .
her remembering what was told to her about the magical world is n't a sign of magical abilities it 's just a sign of having memories .
most muggles will ignore magic but that 's simply because they do n't know it exists in the first place so they pass off any abnormalities as a misinterpretation of events .
he remembers what fudge has told him over the years not because he 's magical himself but because he remembers what he was told .
if a muggle forgets something they were told or saw themselves it 's probably because a magical person erased their memory .
petunia 's house is always clean because she is an obsessively clean person .
in hbp dumbledore shows up at 11 pm and petunia has gloves on because she 's doing her pre-bedtime cleaning .
claiming they did and actually doing it are two different things .
are all older mics bad or just select few defects ?
well that 's a fucking shame since ka-bar knives are actually pretty decent knives and can be bought without going through an mlm channel .
literally everyone claiming that is a right wing troll trying to steer the narrative .
in wotlk no such thing was needed you just queued into lfg and found a group .
df was only introduced in 3.3. before that there was something similar to the current group finder .
there is a ceramics/pottery art center in portchester that runs classes .
no idea when there sessions are though ... take a look !
that 's exactly what i do and what i was thinking to work on for my next project .
it 's sad it 's already in the market but anyway i 'd like to try it out and find out if there 's any room for improvement .
a lot of that is meant to be inferred based on found audiologs and radio clips apparently .
i did n't understand the story until i started reading lore on the ffxv subreddit .
they were going for a minimalist storytelling approach because they were running out of time so a lot of the major events were told through audiologs and radio broadcasts .
i did n't know bell was a kicker or plays defense or would n't have thrown a red zone int at the end of the game
yup there 's a few teams open right now and we 'd love to have you !
feel free to either ask me questions here or in dm 's if you have any .
for the past year that i 've been dx'ed it 's just lidocaine steroid creams and the failed attempts at topical amitriptyline/gabapentin .
who knows maybe i 'll get referred eventually tho ...
i do it but i 'm trying to move away from that and just mute people that try and trigger me .
it still doesnt excuse anyone from flaming and really is a major deterant for new players .
i 'm not mocking i 'm just asking because your comment is not in standard english .
perhaps try again not that i 'm actually interested .
oh you have good luck with red arty then i feel i have a target sight by arty whenever i am in a british heavy .
like 4k stones during 3rd anniv got me most things and the lr black banner was quite generous .
the last months i just didnt wan na spend so much and got all df units only once and that was relatively lucky too
i downloaded the iso from microsoft 's site and have been running fine .
i 'm just waiting to see how long it will work like this .
so far microsoft has n't really given me a reason to activate .
but there is the wiki and also a great app that helps .
you can organize by item colour if you do n't know the name .
the idea that anyone could figure out what some of these do in their own is silly .
does this include hacking the government officials that approved this nonsense ?
they have money for wars but ca n't feed the poor
y'all bunch of weirdos who hate for no reason imao
what the hell is going on with people acting as if unites got nerfed into the ground ?
jeanne just wont revenge heal anymore this is a minior thing .
no people wont stop using her at all she is still top tier
you acted as per your instruction you saw an unruly guest physically assaulting another and removed him from the premises .
what happens with him after that is not your responsibility whatsoever .
also the fact that he 's on the spectrum is beside the point .
one of the kids at the summer camp i work at calls them night butterflies .
i went back and looked at the comments you 're talking about and that 's pretty cool .
i 'm not going to lose any sleep over nazi scum getting downvoted but the fact that we have a couple comments here talking about it might prompt other interested people to take a look .
u/sgrcfc your post has been removed because your post title is too short .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nepal if you have any questions or concerns .
me how the fuck do you not know what this means as an adult .
hmmmm ... i 've been checking everywhere but the guy says he built it himself .
i 've seen other people with some and a fellow gave me the name of a company .
thread the needle but then back off and give the correct stopping distance .
you being black does n't make your opinion better .
in fact i 'm pretty sure you do n't like em because he 's white making you the racist .
and if that 's not the reason your opinion on em and gucci is just garbage .
but it does n't really matter until the supreme court weighs in .
lower court rulings are cool and all but it wo n't become the law of the land until scotus grants cert .
there are n't many regular you tubers like in football manager but check out straight outta boston
i just mention it to people in casual conversation without promoting it too hard .
if they hear about it casually a few times from a few sources it could lead to them getting interested in it .
många företag ger ju dock redan de anställda en uppsida baserad på företags framgång via bonus vinstdelningssystem och ägande via aktier .
säkert i de fall det kan visas ge en effekt på effektivitet .
med moroten att man inte har någon nedsida där man tvingas dela eventuell förlust vilket man ju behöver i ett kooperativ .
you do n't have enough for the 25 deposit on a buy to let so i would remortgage your existing property to release funds for the onward purchase .
you wo n't be able to claim stamp duty back as this new property will never have been your primary residence .
the spawns increase with a chain of the one you want unless it 's a rare spawn like porigon chansey etc
to connect with friends and spectators and to give the gift of a moment of astonishment .
they seem to be lethally slow and badly funded down under .
that 's ok do shop around though as that was just an example of what i thought the op was talking about .
it looks a good one going by the reviews tso it would be a good choice if you bought .
let me know how you get on with it as i 'm also thinking of getting one .
she 's beauty she 's grace she farts right in your face .
i 'd like to add that sometimes we assume massage therapists are very comfortable with nudity and being touched and it 's possible your co-worker worked closer to your genitals than they might normally because they thought you were ok with it .
i think a conversation with the co-worker definitely needs to happen whether that 's directly between you two or with a mediator your boss/manager ?
or even if you just write down your thoughts and have them transmitted to your co-worker .
and from there we can determine if this was malicious and perverted or just an honest mistake .
i think it was intentional since it was designed by black cat and most likely wanted to have claw aesthetics in peter 's suit overall i think it fits since it 's a stealthier look for spidey to use tbh maybe it 's just me .
expecting accurate information from tvp is like thinking that pravda '' was critical towards su .
he 's having a lot of paranoid thoughts that are really dangerous when left untreated .
i 'm not a mental health professional but usually these types of thoughts lead to serious diagnoses .
he 's definitely going to need time off from the program but hopefully he can come back eventually .
it 's sad that your program wants to kick him out permanently .
i also hope they provide training to others so that these signs can be spotted and reported earlier .
you did the best all considering but it sounds like this guy has been needing help for quite some time and someone should 've reported it sooner especially the professors .
it 's the best skin i have all the darius skins and dreadnova feels so good to play .
not sure how much more 90s you could get .
i have tried to get it as compact as possible .
and those screenshots are still bigger than i am used to .
just like anybody else they have a right to celebrate christmas .
i mean can you imagine the outrage in the daily mail if an mp were to declare that they do not want to celebrate christmas ?
the other side of the coin is whether it would make a difference .
since theresa may is stalling and running down the clock i do not think mps being in westminster would make any difference .
plus think about the cost of keeping westminster operating .
i am sure that is a few cool million per day .
if they believed their lie and that was it nobody would care very much ...
but part of the lie is the threat of eternal damnation if you do not believe the lie ... that means anyone who believes it must fear for those who do n't .
suddenly they demand their children believe it ... and thinking that they 're doing the right thing they seek to change the law so that it 's illegal to act contrary to the lie .
the threat of damnation makes them force their belief onto others which is why you ca n't just let them '' ... they do n't just let you '' do anything .
they legislate their religion if you allow it to take hold .
you 're probably living in a very relaxed society that 's mostly atheistic or vaguely culturally religious at most .
you should try to appreciate what it 's like in societies where religion is taken very seriously .
you do n't just let them '' ... or that 's the kind of society you end up with .
is it possible to schedule housework so it is broken up during the week and does n't have to be done all on weekends ?
i know that would n't totally address the problem but maybe could free up some fun time together on weekends at least
that puffer fish clearly wanted to be there and it 's not the turtle 's fault that sheriff octopus could n't keep his tentacles to himself considering he has a lot of them
the sad reality is that the bsa seemed to sincerely care about the victims and provided them with generous payouts and lifetime psychological counseling ... but there were just too many pedophiles .
with the help of president trump i hope some day soon we will all cure the weaponized globalist subjective moral degeneracy and return to traditional proven christian values .
perhaps then the boy scouts will be able to return ?
in the meantime fathers please spend time with your sons and teach them how to be men .
this sounds like someone that does n't know they are part of a cult .
there is no problem in conveying a controversial or nihilistic message provided you do it well enough which most games clearly can not without being over-the-top .
remember most people are just here for the graphics and the guns they would n't be unsusceptible to subtle hints here and there .
this is a game about a cult after all .
so why do n't use some real american cult 's tricks on players ?
anyone who can afford to own a house with a big yard in the downtown of a major city is probably insanely rich that 's why he 's so happy .
now i am confused so you know anything to help with my problem ?
nah he looks similar to that one guy what 's his name ?
that 's what i thought it was too but keep looking at it
you have to set up a few points where mallards will eat and than cycle through these points
you should n't expect your boyfriend to ask his own mother for gas money .
the mother should n't have put him and you in a position where using that much gas would hurt the two of you financially .
21 seasonal anime a little over an hour a day
they were all still losing mu 's aside from maybe pika .
reply here on reddit not on channel but u can leave good comment there i will sub u back if possible please watch my videos for at least 10min .
the main reason you buy a smurf is not the champs there but the level 30 account or it is plat gold masters or other division .
you are not otp playing the game for one month or 2,3 ... . you can easily purchase some champs and you have free champs every week .
100 euros is neither cheap but neither expensive there are players who have invested over 1000 and even over 2000 and not only pro 's or people heavily invested but randoms as well and i would't called it sustainable income considering it fucks over buying a single champs also hextech system .
and do n't pretend you care about the income of riot you care to have something easilly accessile for yourself .
as long as you remind the kid that bit dont come off
we stopped selling kaspersky ... .hell i do n't even remember how long ago now .
this little guy was the only piece of swag to survive .
and each one has multiple little orbs to give it immunity .
the charging system was sorted by the previous owner so hopefully i wo n't be dealing with any electrical problems for a while and i had to replace a duff oil filter if that counts .
over christmas i 'll be swapping out most of the bulbs for leds and fitting some proper handlebars to make the riding position more civilised .
i did the nc500 on the versys last summer and i ca n't think of a better bike to do it on .
current form is a bit irrelevant given the match is two months away .
spent sunday at an event leaving at 6am and getting back at 1am .
i did try to write a post on my phone when i was travelling home but it was far too frustrating so i decided to wait and post episode 2 https www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/a6su0x/rewatchspoilers_girls_last_tour_episode_2/ec18h3p 3 at the same time .
our first proper look at an urban area and boy is it in a bad way .
although it initially looks abandoned and lifeless there is the first sign that there are other people out there in the shape of a discarded cigarette that 's still burning .
i think it 's safe to say there 's someone nearby .
the show presents the first outsider '' character in the shape of kanazawa a man wandering the city and mapping as he goes and the person who brought the building down .
that he could n't really speak at first was a nice touch and got me thinking what it would be like to have no-one to talk to for a very long time .
i concluded i 'd probably start talking to myself just to hear something .
having the right information can be the difference between life and death and the maps kanazawa made meant that the girls were able to easily find a fuel depot and completely refuel both the kettenkrad and the reserve barrel .
the advantage of the map information is more clearly discernable especially when it 's been personally verified but even the knowledge chi has picked up from reading such as knowing about the snowmelt water is also important .
it allows you to observe/understand the environment you are in and plan accordingly .
i also wonder how long kanazawa has been mapping given that there was a bridge over the gorge when he first started and his comment seemed to imply it was n't a short time ago .
chi is still salty about yuu burning the book and yuu does n't help things with the smug face when asking to look at the maps .
more heavy subtext as well ... after civilisation has ended when you have nothing to do but try to survive rarely see anyone and especially when you have lost everything you were living for ... why carry on ?
chi sets a flag by worrying what happens if the lift tilts and yuu tempts fate by denying it 'll happen so naturally it does .
i actually thought it might be an issue when they were loading the kettenkrad as they placed it over to one side rather than distribute the weight evenly between the two lifting points .
obviously the girls are going to survive but there go the maps .
kinda dumb to leave something so important laying on the floor and i actually thought kanazawa would plummet as well in an attempt to save them .
man that upper level must have an incredible power generator/grid for it to be running after so long .
even the most advanced system of today using renewable energy would barely last 10 years without maintenance and most of the rest would be lucky to last a year .
hopefully kanazawa finds purpose in making new maps of this area .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please use one of the following tags for your post
remember that automoderator will only detect tags in square brackets not curly braces pointy brackets or round brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthcare if you have any questions or concerns .
do you think introducing an actual graduate tax will put all previous graduates on the hook ?
then it 'd just be a straight upgrade over the vive wands in noncompatible games it works and you get an analog stick in compatible games you get the full feature set .
one costs twice three times as much as the other
i 'm afraid to tell you this but uh ... thaz a bat
just to note small detail about ignis/atomos for headshot to count your first volley button press need to be directed at the head i do n't think it counts if you just use continuous spray .
me having a control preference has no bearing on my skill as a player and as i said before i have no problem doing tilts using c-stick but their dead zone issues really messes with it .
however if you want to try to prove i 'm trash i 'll gladly 1v1 you .
ugh the first few months after release was special .
i 'll never go back to it with trion running it
he 's trolling or at least i hope he is because his opinions are shit
sorry i kinda hope they do a defenders game four player or single player game
that 's why he should be getting that called maybe he 's afraid to improvise for whatever reason .
if the play comes into him he 'll do it like a good soldier .
i do n't know i get so frustrated because he 's a big dude that can run and he just seems to be unwilling or they 're not letting him .
do n't get me wrong i do n't want michael vick or lamar jackson type of quarterback but heck if he can do a quarter of what cam newton can do i 'm fine with that .
i think they are triggered by a black woman or person with any authority even if that person is not exercising it wrongly .
so what you got told off at a santa kiosk ... you got trump elected lol .
you do realize it 's called christ mass right ?
as in the holy communion shindig 2.1 billion people do every sunday ?
tara is the true queen of the show i understand how it might be difficult for some to grasp
okay ... so what about the rest of the government ?
not one other person in the government comes to mind ?
because most high ranking government officials have dirt on their hands .
the war you are talking about was created looong before obama took office he was simply keeping tradition going .
the u.s. i still fighting a war right now and i dont see you saying a word about that .
there are more important issues to discuss and youre here bitching about somebody who can no longer even be president .
i didnt do anything special to get it working .
i wonder what the problem is for you guys .
you can not posts a counter claim to evidence without any of your own lol .
oh no he 's going to give all the good boys and girls in the universe presents !
santa is the best person to entrust with the infinity gauntlet tbh .
it 's amazing that people already seem to have forgotten that this is the first administration in history that only needed 50 support for it 's court nominees .
neither kavanaugh nor gorsuch would have been put on the court previously .
so you ca n't put on the voters that they should have known republicans would change senate rules to seat their terrible nominees .
that 's why i live almost 600 miles away from all of my family .
i use distance to stay away from the children and bingos .
yeah i mean she has her own sub for that .
the posters should keep some room for other waifus .
koh phi phi island in thailand great for snorkeling and scuba aswell .
ah cara não consigo só aceitar prefiro até discutir na hora do que ficar falando mal depois da pessoa vai ver ela aprende né ?
foi um bagulho tão tosco que eu não aguentei .
porra é so ir na buceta da praia e comentar outro dia que inferno .
fps back but i guess we had to trade it for the stuttering
i 'd recommend starting with the state of affairs .
i only ask because i used to be like this when i was younger .
i 'm older and comfortable with myself more than i 've ever been and now i do n't compare my life to others ' .
i do n't care what anybody says happy is such a good song .
obviously it has not shipped yet unless they shipped it without this item which would make no sense .
you were pretty high and mighty and annoying today .
i did the old nintendo power teleport trick with the crystalis sword a couple times as a kid it was clear the sword was not meant to leave the tower the enemy kill animations were solid blocks the charge shot didnt work right and i think certian enemies that required a specific sword to kill didnt die to it .
also begann man mit kampagnen das umweltbewusstsein der leute zu vergrößern und siehe da es hat was gebracht .
und an manchen stellen ist es ja noch immer der fall das der markt '' das entscheiden kann sprich das genug leute zusammenkommen und laut sagen dass sie das scheiße finden .
mir is klar das die festplatte unter schwierigen bedingungen produziert wurde .
aber es ist einfach vollkommen unmöglich fair gehandelte '' technik zu kaufen .
es gibt zwar fertiger hier in d aber die spezialisieren sich oftmals auf high security produkte die dann das xfache kosten weil die sichergehen das china da nix drin platziert .
ich hab bei der pferdelasagne geschichte vor allem immer mitbekommen dass die leute sagten woher hät ich denn wissen sollen das in nem 2€ döner dreck drin is ? ''
19.99 for illinois store pick and 21 for standard bottling .
i see it everywhere but never over 25 26 even at walgreens .
i think boseman is perfect for the role but he 's barely in anything .
that does not automatically mean you will have no issues with your lender though .
i 'm not in a community property state and i 've seen a husband 's mortgage torpedoed because the wife not on loan or title went ahead and bought a whole house 's worth of furniture on credit .
no all you need is hey siri/google call my lawyer '' programmed into your phone .
you do n't need to unlock your phone to do that
be careful if your phone is trained to recognize your voice these commands may actually unlock your phone .
snazzy labs https www.youtube.com/user/thatsnazzyiphoneguy a guy with a tech channel on youtube .
some homeless will commit small crimes they know will get them locked up for a short amount of time so they get a warm bed and food .
was able to find this thread kind of talking about it .
the xt uses a starburst response system so it is a responsive albeit probably a semi responsive technically .
it 's way better at recalling for looping than a deep state unless you triple wrap the deep state 's bearing .
does anyone know what price 1a and/or 2a command of the pit hit last league ?
i know they 'll be higher with less sulphite available overall but i 'm curious .
the historical chart has them dropping to nearly nothing which sounds ... weird given what we 're seeing now .
wanted to find out if those were actually for sale or if the chart is misleading .
to be fair the second saw '' is usually written as saw .
nothing to be ashamed of it got me for a second as well lol .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/a7hkvk/emalf_eht_reklats_taeh_ssob_eht_morf_ratza_fo .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i bet we get gaara as the 6th after the obvious kakashi madara sakura/hinata
the only other question i can think to ask just now is what cruise lines you recommend working for and ones to avoid .
i live outside of waco and my artist is in austin so i dont get to go out there very regularly
post it for a couple hundred less than new .
it 'll help if you still have the box .
fyi if u buy a tv from best buy which i always do .
kyrie please dont try to sound articulate to distract from your own ignorance of scientific fact .
blaming the platform you 're on is an absolute fallacy .
people are upset because even though you claim to be open and interested in the scientific conversation around the topic you do not learn from it and claim to be targeted when presented with actual evidence that contradicts your elementary hypotheses .
i have a bet with a friend that he will not come back to the whitehouse from his upcoming mar a lago vacation .
maybe not resign right away but will hole up there till he does resign or quite or ... .something .
haha yeah my reaction was like only one ? ''
our grey basically helps himself to a bite of most of what i have on my plate .
if it 's something he ca n't have then i 'll try to keep a side plate or just a napkin with something he can eat .
i 've never met someone from those two counties who does n't complain endlessly about the property taxes and gas prices/commute .
if someone is interested i can ship it worldwide .
if you want him just power him up with training and get another card as your nat .
you already recognize the things you need to work on .
i want to say what others may have already said but you have to love yourself first before others will see that and i do n't really think you do .
go do things you enjoy or want to do .
take up a hobby learn something new to you .
i 'm considering an 8-week class on stained glass .
doing so will open you up to people with whom you have something in common .
and finally if you shift your focus from getting a girlfriend as a goal you might just enjoy life more .
r/thememeunderground it 's made by the banned dank meme makers from r/dankmemes .
they were banned because ... . why are you reading this ?
you just trap the tentacles and then hit ithem with your sword .
i 'm pretty sure the boss ai even aims for your traps .
it must be so tiresome maintaining that worldview in the presence of so much real life complexity .
i hope you have a wonderful holiday and awesome 2019 !
the fact that the am is implied is stupid .
there 's a reason why not many people say that nowadays because it sounds incredibly unnatural .
i agree completely that i am would have been proper usage i would be the subject of am but you 're relying on a mere technicality .
2k ono 1500 maybe trade some junk my way ?
i do n't really know the price of things but my friend who trades here said one went for 3k so 1.5k 2k is okay ?
and you 're right where you need to be in the hospital .
my son was born at 32 weeks and was only 3 lbs 5 oz ... he is now a happy healthy 1 year old .
nicu can be scary but it 's the best place for pre termers the professionals there know exactly what to do and you 're on the right side of statistics some babies go home shortly after or within two weeks of 34 .
my son was released at 36 weeks gestational for example .
try to eat drink sleep and as hard as it is try not to overthink it .
you have the best chances of everything turning out great .
edit also it is completely normal to feel emotionally devastated at how differently this is turning out than how you expected .
i also missed out on labor vaginal birth and eventually breastfeeding when i resigned to the pump .
i could n't see him for the first 2 days and he did n't come home with us for a month .
but i should also mention that the more time i spent with my son the more healed i became from that trauma .
we did n't have anything ready but we ran to walmart at midnight and got a bassinet and clothes .
and now a year later i am at peace with it and just totally in love with my son .
his smiles and laughs and personality are worth every minute of that scary time .
i quoted the exact sentence used in the study .
all you had to do was select it click search '' and you 'd get the study .
for goodness sake it 's not like i made it obscure or hard to find .
yeah like running over a women on street kind of dangerous ?
or maybe only the lying to the fbi to cover for the use of campaign funds to pay off a porn star kind of dangerous ?
or meeting putin and having no one around to record the conversation kind of dangerous ?
another moment that really striked me was the moment where the major 's blue tank had neglected her orders for their own interests .
it 's interesting though because it seemed like the tachikoma was still trying to help by hacking into the maid 's ai to locate yokose something that the major planned on doing .
that was the company whose president was kidnapped by the laughing man .
i 'm thinking of waiting until ghosts of past come out to spend it .
i have a present for ghosts of present waiting to be opened plus i bought the nat or got julio so i 'm ok for now .
just got it for 20 here in the chicago burbs .
i miss it too i lost contact with a special person .
she was the last one that knew how to work me into a frenzied orgasm like no other .
i feel like i am aimlessly looking once again for that sissy site that i need !
it 's so damn nice playing a football game besides madden .
up until last week they did everyone still bitched about commercials .
get used to the breaks every 10 minutes because that 's how american television works .
yeah and plenty of us do n't like the design '' thats why it went 50 off a week after sales and is on sale physically and digitally .
so yeah dice trying to reach a bigger audience with sales and asking for veterans to join back is a direct result of people not being interested in a game so far off the wwii source .
i 've heard that but i was out of serum for a month or so and i can definitely tell a big difference now that i 've started using it again .
i always apply it when my face is still very damp and that helps too .
they seem to have the best one out there from my research as far as asthetics and functionality .
would they have done this if there was no blue wave ?
i honestly do n't think it 's them doing the right thing but rather then following the appealing job prospect
i love that fergie gets on the coach with jose and the team hopefully he 'll keep doing the same with ole .
it is a little more intern and resident level but it is easy to carry in your coat and is a nice quick reference while you are on rounds or sitting in morning report/noon conference .
my new to me 228ix in my house for 5 months .
they created the situation and they are choosing no deal .
the eu is merely informing the uk that actions have consequences .
they make it good because they keep the player interested .
you 'd prefer the same old thing over and over rather than often changes ?
i literally just got an amazon account yesterday so this is exciting for me
only thing i ever pay for on this game is fountain of lapis .
my take half-price dailies are a blue ticket that costs me lapis .
i got lucky on the hyoh banner to pull one because i had saved enough to big pull once for him .
used my uoc on the second and away we went .
i think i hit two rainbows between hyoh and nier then hit 6 on nier when all i really needed was a second a2 .
got two 2b on the first step of the step-up and did n't get a2 no .
2 until i threw a ticket at the last day of the banner .
pulls are so damn random that i save resources for what i think i want blow them then compile again .
i went all-in on nier because i like the actual game and wanted a 2booty and 9s because nier game purposes and a 7 a2 .
in the whale-minnow world i 'm essentially caviar that uses multiple accounts on multiple devices to feed the pull addiction and not spend money .
so i even have one where i do the dailies to remind myself they are basically worthless .
one time a few months ago i got about 25 of the identical survey asking me about a single location i 'd visited
phantom lord tower of heaven battle of fairy tail oracion seis edolas tenrou island debatable are all better arcs .
they all had more iconic moments with great replay value e.g makarov vs phantom lord leader natsu awakening dragon force mirajane awakens laxus ' rebellion introducing wendy and bringing back jellal learning about edolas and mystogan muthafuckin hades curb stomping makarov introduction to gildartz
yeah i would never push it being a direct link because there is n't enough evidence to state an incontrovertible outcome .
the difference in this case is that what we 're seeing in the evidence of the trials is the systematic covering up of a pedophile ring that operated over a number of decades .
this is opposed to the from what i 've seen collection of isolated incidents at a number of other football clubs .
i just feel like we 're seeing the same type of covering up and quiet handling of offenders here as we 've read about with the catholic church .
poor nazis being publically shamed and made to feel uncomfortable i really feel for the poor guy yeah
just remember to cut off the wires for traps should n't be very hard to deal with the lava i guess
why would someone not leave for a job that pays 10k more ?
an empire toppled by its enemies will rise again .
but one which crumbles from within that 's dead .
theo pressed a kiss against his wife 's forehead as he returned to his seat next to her .
he noticed her cold reception and frowned for a moment confused .
she seems nice though i was n't paying much attention to how she looks .
i only went to tell her about alysanne and artos .
oh my god what perfect beautiful and delicious looking pussy .
i would love to flick my tongue over your soaked clit and suck on your juicy pussylips and just lap up those sweet juices like i 'm a starving kitten🤤
sours are cool for sure but i would kill for 3 of these to age an old ale barley wine and imperial stout .
are there hospitals that let floor nurses do ivs who would consider a travel nurse who doesnt have that experience ?
but if it 's real i 'd expect exploiters to sit on it for a week and stop doing it .
by which point the subreddit will have had it 's self-congratulatory back pats complete with a litany of we did it reddit !
we solved the case of the naughty nasty trade lie ! ''
then they 'll break it out and use it on all the naive unsuspecting players while laughing at how anyone who posts warnings saying that it happened to them gets attacked and downvoted for being toxic a liar troll etc '' .
there 's nothing wrong with some skepticism but i 'm more inclined to believe that the exploit exists and this the trade exploit is a lie '' narrative was started by people who use it in order to get everyone to let their guard down and to have a nice big laugh at their expense .
real or fake assuming the trade exploit is real and being cautious when i trade costs me nothing .
i used to get extreme anxiety because i have an anxiety disorder but it 's been better now because every time i hear a plane i tell myself that i 'm safe .
i still get anxious and think that the plane is crashing on my home .
i also have anxiety flying because of an experience i had so maybe it 's related .
i mean syria seems pretty fucked regardless of our involvement .
between growth spiral promo and this seb is knocking it out of the park this set
the mythic that i do i average 10 or more 9s a week but elitists who use raider io wo n't accept me for a 10 despite the many 9 2 chests and 375 ilvl so i 'm stuck at 9s hoping for a tf and in a month maybe a good azerite piece .
anyway to remove those invisible bars that misaligned the fence ?
op is implying assassination as the black panther dunno why tho ?
does your brother know when the sdes is going to be at the san diego zoo/safari ? !
😂😂 i 'd love to go when they 're there ! !
❤️ random i know but i got ta ask !
i am the master of the pc and i say when they open 😂
i 'm looking around and there are at least 4 other people eating here on their lunch breaks .
i agree i do n't like the glossy feel in a controller and it 's too light .
i do n't know what they were thinking with those analog sticks .
i think that 's the only controller op has used in the last 17 years lol .
yeah give me the coordinates of the border in the west bank .
i 'm not sure i care for his mom too much just from her interview and comments about shanann .
how could you not witness your only son get married ? ?
i do n't give a flip if i cared for my sons girlfriend or wife .
i would never put that turmoil on my sons special day regardless of how i felt .
my father despised my ex husband but it would have never stopped him from walking me down the isle .
even if he was saying he would n't be mad at me if i changed my mind .
i think a lot of people just kinda interpret the question from a culture/society perspective so you end up with those kind of rants .
i 'm not necessarily a believer definitely not into religion but i think the question can sort of transcend the politics of society and be more existential .
you 've got ta learn when your character does n't fit the play .
you 've said here that you know he 's not suited on the last cp so maybe you should be finding a hero to sub out on the last point that will be more effective .
you can always try to make him work and you may be successful but if you 're at a disadvantage against a good team you 're just making it that much harder to secure a win .
that 's usually because they 're not balanced properly .
especially those asshole trucks who lift their truck and do n't even bother adjusting their headlights .
then they get those led fog lights which are basically high beams that are now where the regular headlights should be .
i 've heard of ren/renny like the gender neutral mom/mommy or dad/daddy .
not a huge fan of the case fans out of the box .
their fans are relatively cheap just look up on their site what fans you need and you can buy the halos digital lux kits and use those .
i mean considering that every mod was made by a stranger some rando you must be mod-less
no worries the suggestion was not as much for you as others who are looking for a mod to serve that purpose .
i 'm well aware of the accomplishments of your players likely more so than most people in tampa .
their accomplishments that you mentioned is what would make it tragic if they do n't go all the way with this team .
trust me i know that from personal experience watching my own team .
my crush wo n't respond but other than that pretty good
sometimes i compliment someone 's shoes because they are on fire .
other times i do it because the person wearing them is hot .
i 'll leave the tactical decisions to her as she 's the expert .
if the vermont can kill with one headshot a carbine should blow your guts out one shot
when they gave go a skill such as anti skill they wrote themselves into a corner .
yeah thats why i said idk i 'd it 's substrate or unc0ver itself .
that 's where i am confused they were already required to report immediately .
i lost my older brother to cancer two years ago and it 's never been the same without him .
i 've found that hobbies tend to make me forget my troubles .
when you have something you can be obsessed over it tends to keep your brain occupied and less lonely especially if you can find other people who are obsessed with the same thing .
escaping my reality which will eventually lead to existential doubt and dread .
well he gained his fortune by first creating art that seemingly everyone liked and then by giving others a platform to do so .
celebrity '' seems a bit demeaning for what he 's done .
but when faced with cold hard cash would you really pass up that 5 ?
the holiday sale is coming up soon on steam .
i think in most cases of sales the goty edition is cheaper than all individual dlcs anyway .
i would just wait and get the full thing on sale .
i am still at saa let 's see if can make rivals again after 2 consecutive weeks .
that barely took enough time to finish my drink guess i need another
i love the byrne imagery and on remain in light he 's doing the preacher thing that essentially inspired me the other night .
it was loosely based on the rufus wainwright show here but i definitely took liberties with about half of the descriptions just talking off the top of my head because i had no real lyrics and it was late ...
hell they could have had a sit down conversation and avoided most of the movie .
sean dollars confirmed to make living being featured in others songs .
i have 20 carboys of wine and 2 beer in the basement .
for reference i just made lvl-69 and this was my first time inside .
my partner m30 and i f30 have been together 5 years .
we communicate well and have a great relationship however i 've had some health issues and this had impacted upon my sex drive/ability to have sex .
we are considering an open relationship to ensure sexual needs are met but we are looking for some guidance on how to go about it .
we feel like this is unknown territory and different to threesomes that we have had and enjoyed in the past .
we do n't even know where to start with looking for other people to connect with in a way that would be discreet as we are n't sure we want to be open with all our friends/colleagues about this and are n't sure how to avoid them on something like tinder or online dating .
we have discussed the need to communicate very openly about this and obviously to have safe sex and regular health checks .
we 've decided to 'research ' first and then decide if we go ahead with this or not .
at the moment it feels like the most logical step to ensure we are both happy and satisfied but we are also worried about making a decision and regretting it later .
twice now i 've tried to do a check out i get to payment pay with credit card and i get a blank page that says
'cart ca n't be loaded or an order has already been placed using cart ' .
i get an email as if i 've made the purchase but no payment happens and nobody receives the payment at their end .
the 'orders ' even show up in my purchase history in my account on the site .
i started a running streak run at least one mile every day in december 2018 after joining my local running group 's challenge to run every day in january .
one year later i 'm still at it and excited to keep going in 2019 .
will anyone else be continuing a running streak in 2019 ?
i have an ig to show off my art .
most of my followers are family friends art friends and the big contemporary galleries i can dream .
that was strange enough but then every time i logged on i would have another one .
i 've gotten about 50 in the last 24 hours .
i 've done nothing extra and i do n't post all that often .
the followers look legit and not bots as far as i can tell .
i 'm flattered it makes me feel like i 've gone viral . ''
why would so many users follow me all of a sudden ?
have a 3 trappers chest piece with bolstering cavaliers and radiation resistance looking for a cavaliers combat torso
if it has vanguard i 'll throw in caps or items if it has vanguard and weapon weight resistance i 'll throw in a tse gatling
i want to start the study for pmp and i really interested to make it a group study to motivate and help each other .
i 'm in downtown toronto and please let me know if you interested also .
have n't tried one myself i 'm just wondering what 's up with all the dex build flaming
plug it into the car via usb or carplay where i and most people i know play music most and the option disappears .
in fact after they took the feature away and brought it back it has n't worked right .
but when it was first released it was my favorite and most used feature .
i 've noticed sometimes i 'm hitting the shift button on the left side of the controller pioneer ddj sb2 to do something with it and at the same time i 'm hitting a cue button on the right side which causes the cue to get erased .
my question is is it possible to disable the left shift button to affect the right side of the controller and vice versa ?
or is this something i just need to stop doing on accident and get used to it lol
i 'm very thankful to have a steady full-time job and i love my coworkers !
i always ask everyone i 'm working with how they 're doing what their side-hustle is what they plan on doing for the rest of the day after they 're done with their shift etc .
is it wrong of me to feel like shit when no one asks me the same questions ?
i do n't resent anyone for it but it sure as hell makes me feel utterly worthless and uncared for .
meanwhile i just moved into a residence all by myself last month and i 'm already freaking out at how much everything costs and how little i know about budgeting .
and the fact that no one cares to even ask me anything about my personal life is just the cherry on top of my sinking ship sundae right now .
i wish i had more info on it i would have used up all my points for free cheese breads not just using it as cash
easily the best series to come out of pffr in my opinion wonder showzen might be funnier but this is far more interesting and can definitely be hilarious .
tried party city and they do n't have any tiki decorations .
so i have a project where i want to attach an ultrasonic sensor to an arduino nano but have 5 of them scattered throughout a building to detect when someone walks by them how would i be able to wirelessly receive the data from all of them to alert me when one of them gets tripped and which one got tripped ?
anybody getting together or interested in getting together i see this game being popular for a long time
also another one of his better quotes this year roses are red violets are blue boudreau chokes on that game seven barbecue..
this one came extremely out of left field and i did n't expect to love it as much as i did .
tree 's british accent perfectly suits how bad the jag-you-ares were this year .
but i put this one here for one quote .
would love to see more of tree 's escapades and really proves how talented he is .
and of course ladies and gentlemen ... our number one ... .
is there anyone that have purchased bitdeer contract under bitmain ?
i was just watching silvarret 's play-through https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cosybw-pvbc of the campaign which he designed many of the scenarios for and he mentioned something told to him by sebastian programmer/designer
you can make the price of rides 10 of 1.5x the excitement rating as a general rule of thumb .
40 x 1.5 is 60 then 10 is 6 .
i was wondering what other tips or suchlike people know .
things that are helpful but not immediately obvious or outlined by the game .
prompt a serial killer who only targets dads going out for cigarettes .
i picked a particularly shitty city to get addicted to ciggys .
i 've resorted to tricky tactics like havin kids gettin packs for me .
a trip to the store is like the flip of a coin on the buttered side of toast .
when they said cigarettes were death sticks i did n't think they meant this .
see there 's this maniac attacking fuckers like a braniac who 's mathing numbers .
his only targets are cold-feet fathers on a tolkien stroll to the corner store .
and those dads have no plans to come back—and yes that is bad—
but i 'm seriously out of tobacco and on my last carton of milk .
can i order morley or wings on uber eats ?
son i 'll be right back '' i promise .
so i popped my wallet into my pocket and then i was off to the end of our block .
i ran shakin with my bad cravin fast paced and half way to the gas station i fell flat-faced on the black pavement .
i looked back taken to see who had caved in my kneecaps praying that the man standing over me was n't the man on the posters—but of course he was .
i knew i was fucked when he started to cut me with his butchering cutlery .
i knew i should 've had cigarettes shipped from amazon .
better i knew i should 've just slipped that condom on .
any other casuals got any tips for the final part of mayor for a day ?
my friend and i are finding the last part with the upload to be very frustrating .
my next strategy is going to be laying down like 20 mines and hopefully i do n't get killed by splash damage .
so for christmas i received a new radio and a hotspot .
i was able to set up the hotspot rather easily and can get it to join a tg without issue .
i can see the hotspot is getting something but the radio shows nothing .
i 've searched forums and found nothing that helped .
let me know if you need more info and thanks !
the svc light is blinking on the mmdvm i ca n't find out if that 's right or not .
his overall shooting percentages seem to have gone up and he has even more experience than he had then obviously .
imo this falls more on the mental side not sure what though .
i have an external 8tb hard drive and all my internals are basically full so i wan na backup some stuff and reset them .
is there a way to nicely choose what you wan na backup or is it just click and drag folders across ?
atention we use dynamic prices that changes all the time !
! sets4sets exchange your dupe sets for sets you have n't crafted yet
! gems4keys exchange your cs go keys for gems following our fantastic dynamic rate
! stats get information about bot sets and keys usefull if you 're a supplier
if you have issues please contact the steam group !
im trying to find a place to go tubing cheap that i would be able to use one of the ski busses to get to .
northstar seems to have a cool tubing area but im wondering if you need to buy lift tickets to access it or only tubing tickets ?
can someone explain to me what scp-2521 does in words ?
i 'm probably an idiot but please someone help ?
hey guys i 'm new to the game do i ever get to play as someone other than kirby in adventure ?
this playlist has all the new albums from all your favorite artists .
especially now that my sister got married ... sometimes i feel it 's better i say nothing ... on xmas eve last night i headed up to the mountains and spent time alone .
now it 's xmas day around 5pm and i do n't feel like going downstairs to mingle .
i 'm feeling so stressed i 'm not sure i even wan na eat or open xmas presents with them around ...
i 'm having an impossible time choosing between the two especially since in size 10 the origin 1s are almost 100 more so what 's your opinion ?
for example if the browns currenty had 4 1sts next year in real life would that reflect during the 2019 draft in franchise mode regardless of roster or only when you use preseason rosters ?
i posted about parts of this experience once before in a different sub and minutes ago in this one but with a misspelled title but i deleted it because i 'd disclosed too much identifying information and misspelled something in the title .
anyway it happened 6 years ago and it 's still one of the scariest strangest things i 've ever experienced .
after my senior year of college i started having nightmares .
at the time my ex and i were living in a nice newer apartment in a large southern city .
the first nightmare took place in the apartment where we were living at the time .
in the dream i was standing in the dining room and the slats on our vertical blinds started moving violently on their own .
i fell backwards and a dark terrifying shape bore down into me .
shortly thereafter in early november my ex got a job in a city in the upper midwest .
he moved up before me living in a hotel until i could join him after christmas .
in every nightmare we 'd be looking at a new apartment and in each one the blinds would start to move on their own .
the apartments were always different but the detail of the blinds would always be the same and every time i 'd be filled with dread and wake absolutely terrified .
mid-december i went up to the city where we 'd be moving so my ex and i could find an apartment together .
there were n't a lot of options in our price range with the amenities we wanted but we finally found one .
despite it being clean bright and recently re-carpeted i got a kind of creepy vibe from it but i did n't really think much of it especially because i 'd been having terrible recurrent nightmares about apartment hunting lol .
shortly after i was alone in the living room and the vertical blinds across the sliding glass doors started .
despite the nightmares i wrote it off as a draft or the furnace despite there not being a register placed where it could blow .
there were a few other things that seemed off about the place mostly the large number of scratch marks on both the bathroom doors but we figured it was just from a previous tenant 's animals which i mean it probably was .
during the first weeks we lived there i noticed dark streaks moving in the corners of my vision .
i could n't sleep and i started losing weight .
my ex and my relationship started to seriously deteriorate .
the death card appeared face up on my deck of tarot cards which i 'd left all face down on the bar in the kitchen before i left the house .
and the fucking blinds kept moving on their own .
i did n't tell my ex anything about any of this or about my nightmares i 'd had before we 'd moved .
in february or march my ex was on the phone with an aunt who lived in his home south american country .
she reads cards and is sensitive in some way although i 'm not sure exactly how she identifies .
before even telling her anything she said you 've recently moved yes ? '' .
my ex who had n't told anyone in his family anything about our apartment said yes .
she guessed the floor plan a bedroom with its own bathroom on either side of a central living area the fact that it was on the second floor of the building an odd number and that it had new light colored carpet .
she said there 's something in the bedroom you 've been sleeping in you need to sleep in the other room .
ok. at this point i told my ex about the nightmares and the death card and the streaks in my vision .
he was like why did n't you tell me before ? ''
and i was like idk because i hoped i was just being crazy ?
we moved rooms and that 's when shit got really scary .
in the days that came my backpack which had been leaning against a sofa slammed against the sliding glass door three feet away .
my locked siri-less iphone made facetime calls of which there was no record on my end but which the recipient screen capped the missed calls on his end .
the most terrifying thing that happened though happened one night while i was listening to music on my iphone and typing on my laptop .
the music stopped and the screen of my iphone turned a solid blue .
suddenly i heard my fucking name being whispered through the headphones .
i ripped them off my head turned my phone off and went to the bedroom where my ex was already sleeping .
my ex claimed lights would turn on and off on their own while he was alone in the apartment but i never saw it .
after the headphones incident i started wearing a cross i threw my tarot cards away i started trying to close myself off from the supernatural .
things honestly get a little fuzzy strangely so as i try to recall during april and may .
my depression was very bad at that point and i had come to realize my ex and my relationship was functionally over .
i do remember that the blinds would still intermittently move on their own all the way up until the point that i left him and moved out in mid june .
i do n't know what happened after i left and he and i do n't talk anymore .
i do n't know if it was a poltergeist feeding off of the negative energy from my depression and our dying relationship .
idk but i thought i 'd share my experience and see what people thought especially about the dreams .
looking to buy a sabre for the best price going to try and treat myself if the price is right .
i am level 51 i can complete it solo but it takes me forever .
i 've tried 3 times so far and failed every time .
spent about an hour only for the server to disconnect while heading to the control room .
did n't understand that there was a different code for each launch site .
just now was about to put in launch code and my game crashed .
can someone please help me before i have a mental breakdown .
i 've been trying to work on a way to differentiate between tilt/smash attacks using the a button after i asked how to yesterday and it is extremely difficult .
i much rather would prefer to use a direction for tilt attacks and the right stick for smash .
it seems kind of silly to not include it with all of the other control options in the game .
hey everyone i was n't if i can post about slr cameras since i guess rule 1 says that posts should be about dslr but i 'm taking a shot .
i found and rescued an old leicaflex standrad 1964 while going through some of my grandparents things .
i have n't fount much information on this specific camera other than it came before the lecaflex s/sl .
i am very excited to use this camera and learn more about photography with it .
looks like ray dalio was right that this economic cycle is looking similar to the 1929 's .
hello i 'm looking to upgrade my pc that i use primarily for gaming .
my pc has been fine with running newer games for maybe 5 years but since i 've been playing more ram heavy sandbox games recently got an oculus rift i 'd like to make an upgrade .
i have a pretty flexible budget but i know i would n't like to spend more than 700 cad since i 'm canadian .
initial desktop was asus cm1855 i got from staples i upgraded it once .
i spent some time over at r/bapcsalescanada to check out any potential deals
new gpu absolute maximum would be this 1070 https www.canadacomputers.com/product_info.php ? cpath=43_1200_557_559 item_id=097899 but i think i 'd settle for a 1050 https www.amazon.ca/gigabyte-geforce-gv-n1050oc-2gd-graphic-cards/dp/b01mg0733a/ref=sr_1_2 ? s=electronics ie=utf8 qid=1545786025 sr=1-2 keywords=1050 or something in between .
this is a piece i 'm not super confident in so lots of input would be appreciated .
more/better ram this is another thing i 'm not super confident in but i 'd like 16gb ddr4 because i do a lot of reasonably ram heavy things with my computer namely minecraft modpacks .
would this https www.canadacomputers.com/product_info.php ? cpath=24_311_1326 item_id=129184 be any good ?
case installing my current graphics card was almost an issue it 's very snug in the case i have right now .
as much as i 'm interested in building a computer i do n't really know as much as i think i should .
i 've also considered getting a new motherboard mainly because it 's old and i 'm not even sure if it can do ddr4 ram .
another thing to note is that my usb 3.0 ports do n't work no matter what drivers i install which is n't the best for vr .
i 'd imagine i can scope some deals once boxing day rolls around .
max payne 2 the fall of max payne steam key https store.steampowered.com/app/12150/max_payne_2_the_fall_of_max_payne
the king of fighters xiii steam edition steam key https store.steampowered.com/app/222940/the_king_of_fighters_xiii_steam_edition
i am a bot currently in my testing phase .
the deck for those interested and how i got to 70k poison https imgur.com\/a\/puxxnv3 https preview.redd.it/2tqn9ehwxi621.png ? width=1920 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=3cf49ecf5a6d9251d4ed78b918396bba032e19ee
trying to get the badge for distance trading with my local friends
hi i 'm thinking about starting doing some traveling as digital nomad .
i 'm working remotely for about 3 years but from home .
now that my 6 year relationship ended i thought about some traveling .
so how is english communication in places like mexico argentina brazil and around ?
i 'm considering those two angels i 'm from europe .
i saw a post here talking about this but for xbox and was wondering if i ran one for ps4 would people join
can somebody tell me what is the fastest build with 2500sp ?
i used hs build for long time ms43000 but it 's very very slow after 42000 thank you
i am a bot currently in my testing phase .
on faraway lands where the chinese culture meets a korean nuance a strange curse befalls helial .
it may ruin his life entirely or it may not .
from a korean video-game scenario which follows the immortality genre design of chinese fantasy novels in a world outlined by classical elements as well nothing compares the call of freedom .
while contrastingly different worlds get in touch volume after volume this brand-new genre explores new horizons that traditional fantasy literature has never reached before .
i have copied my world that i have made with a friend and went into creative to find a stronghold .
the stronghold i found did n't have a portal room because it was cut off by an abandoned mine shaft .
i spent atleast 2 hours just looking for another stronghold but no matter where i am in the world large even the corners ender eyes keep taking me to the same one and now i 'm starting to think it will be impossible to go into the end without spawning in the portal using creative .
this is a tool that can convert pdf files to epub easily and quickly convert document
download epubor pdf to epub converter 2.0 crack https www.twitch.tv/events/5ybquyybqom2m4yvajwrsw
all of the ones on yt dont work for me .
i am a bot currently in my testing phase .
you 'll step out onto the mean streets with confidence with the lightkeeperpro lkp tucked in your waistband !
nobody really knows what happens when you pull the trigger but it responds like firearms costing hundreds of dollars more !
you 'll always be stylin ' with the lkp !
rounds for many different uses but one thing for sure those rounds look nasty !
you be getting rid of your ugly glocks and sigs once you head for the range with the lkp !
did semen retention help you become the guy or girl who always knows wat to say and their jokes are funny 90 of the time .
i started off and exited the vault and immediately after looting the first body outside the vault i checked where the main quest wanted me to go .
i went the exact opposite direction like i usually do in open world games .
i was met by some level one scorched along my way and made easy work out of them .
i collected their loot and thought to my self i havent encountered any bugs yet i wonder why so many people complain . ''
i continue running around and killing random enemies i come across .
i looted a nice looking pump shotgun off of some scorched dudes .
at this point i 've been exploring nearby areas and murdering everything i can see .
i come across a group of scorched that are around level 14 .
i 've been playing for maybe 15-20 min and i 'm level 5 and can finally use the pump shotgun i found .
i slowly snuck close to them and realized they were all stuck in some sort of animation glitch i used this to my advantage and lobbed a frag grenade into the middle of the group .
the grenade killed a few but left some of the scorched injured .
i finished the rest of them off with my shotgun not without taking heavy amounts of damage .
i did encounter a fair amount of glitches while playing though some enemies looked like they were n't animated .
when mining some copper i lost some .308 rounds for some reason .
overall the game looks really good and has great atmosphere but i dont think i 'll be playing it again until they can fix the bugs .
so i remember watching a video by questing beast where ben reviewed a book that had a very nice illustration of a wheel showing the different turns for a dungeon crawl turn for exploration when to roll for torches and lamps going out when to roll from random encounter tables etc .
i thought it was in the video on swords and wizardry '' but i just watched it and did n't see it there .
as the title says i am a meme channel that has a few successful videos but like many memes channels people often do n't subscribe !
i am here to help out other people hoping for them to do the same thank you for listening .
i am a bot currently in my testing phase .
it has been a while since i 've done java and as long for messing with eclipse .
i think have the application building and running but when i goto http localhost:7171/home http localhost:7171/home i get a blank page .
i can tell it is trying to do something because of the logs
2018-12-24 10:42:28.253 info 381488 main o.s.j.e.a.annotationmbeanexporter registering beans for jmx exposure on startup
2018-12-24 10:42:28.263 info 381488 main o.s.c.support.defaultlifecycleprocessor starting beans in phase 0
2018-12-24 10:42:28.371 info 381488 main s.b.c.e.t.tomcatembeddedservletcontainer tomcat started on port s 7171 http
2018-12-24 10:42:28.376 info 381488 main org.comixed.comixedapp started comixedapp in 10.439 seconds jvm running for 12.418
2018-12-24 10:44:28.360 info 381488 nio-7171-exec-1 o.s.web.servlet.dispatcherservlet frameworkservlet 'dispatcherservlet ' initialization completed in 21 ms
2018-12-24 10:44:55.263 warn 381488 nio-7171-exec-1 o.c.w.a.comixedauthenticationfilter could n't find bearer string will ignore the header
i can hit a breakpoint on the log print about ignoring the header but still nothing shows on the page .
i 'm not sure if i have the wrong url to bring up the page or if my run configuration does not have the angular app starting .
so any tips on how to setup the run environment would be greatly appreciated
this is a subject that i 've been thinking about for a long time .
what instigated this line of thinking was an article in the atlantic written by reihan salam called '' the utility of white bashing '' https www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2018/08/the-utility-of-white-bashing/566846 .
it writes about sarah jeong of the new york times making racist tweets against white people https www.nytimes.com/2018/08/09/opinion/sarah-jeong-tweets-opinion-section.html .
the people i 've heard archly denounce whites have for the most part been upwardly-mobile people who 've proven pretty adept at navigating elite predominantly white spaces .
but many of the white-bashers of my acquaintance have been highly-educated and affluent asian american professionals .
what work is this usually though not always gentle and irony-steeped white-bashing actually performing ?
in some instances white-bashing can actually serve as a means of ascent especially for asian americans .
embracing the culture of upper-white self-flagellation can spur avowedly enlightened whites to eagerly cheer on their asian american comrades who show abstract faceless numberless lower-white people what for .
and simultaneously it allows asian americans who use the discourse to position themselves as ethnic outsiders including those who are comfortably enmeshed in elite circles .
think about what it takes to claw your way into america 's elite strata .
unless you were born into the upper-middle class your surest route is to pursue an elite education .
to do that it pays to be exquisitely sensitive to the beliefs and prejudices of the people who hold the power to grant you access to the social and cultural capital you badly want .
i see this white-bashing all the time in subs like r/asianamerican and r/aznidentity many of the users in those subs would identify themselves as woke '' asian americans .
and when i say white '' i mean poor or working-poor whites the same people that upper-middle class whites appear to hold in such contempt because these lower-class '' whites have a reputation for being ignorant and racist .
but the irony is that many asian-americans meaning northeast asians like chinese and koreans who dominate asian-american social media would never be caught dead socializing or having romantic relations with other people of color especially blacks .
if you want to see unbridled fury watch how an asian-american kid 's parents react when she brings home a black romantic partner to meet the family .
here 's an example of what i mean it 's a post from a white nationalist website which i wo n't link to because i do n't want to give them traffic
for many years i thought white racist/nationalist where a bunch of uneducated whites at the bottom of the white totem pole who just hated non-whites because that was the only way they could feel better about themselves .
my little brother is about to marry an african girl .
now when i say african i mean pure african .
and to my surprise all these racist feelings came bubbling up to the surface .
i know any kids they do have will look exactly like her because the black gene is so strong .
i hate myself for having these racist thoughts and yet at the same time i still have these negative feelings about him marry her and having kids .
i am northern chinese and in my family all of us are quite tall with fair skin .
i like our yellow skin i like our slanted eyes i like our straight black hair i like our culture i like our sense of family and tradition i like how we are good at business i like how we work together i like how we tend to think before acting i like almost everything about being chinese .
it is only now that my own brother is about to marry an african girl that i finally emotionally understand what it feels like to you guys when you talk about destroying the white race .
i never understood before i just thought you guys were crazy or something .
i feel that by having kids with my brother she 's destroying the asian genes .
i do n't know what is right and what is wrong anymore .
i do n't hate any race i just wish she would go and pick a black man .
why does she have to latch on to my brother ?
i think she 's pushing him for marriage because she 's scared his going to leave her .
i also think after the marriage she 's going to quickly start pushing out 3-4 kids .
she also knows that for us being chinese my brother would never never abandon his responsibilities .
and she knows my brother being chinese would never never go around making 5-6 different women pregnant .
i want my brother to pick a beautiful well educated chinese girl with a great career .
instead his going to marry a black girl without a university education .
tl dr many asian-americans who call themselves progressive or woke '' seem to be showboating to ingratiate themselves with upper-middle class whites i.e. the coastal elites a social class they aspire to join .
deep down inside a lot of these progressive asian-americans are just as racist as mom and dad .
i am a bot currently in my testing phase .
i 'm not generally a fan of infinite power scaling so the bar has to be set somewhere .
naruto/sasuke are so insanely strong with their unique advantages that it should n't really go any farther than them imo .
so i 'm looking for any stories where boruto accepts that naruto/sasuke are extreme outliers and that he 'll never be able to beat either in a direct fight .
now to be clear i 'm not looking for boruto bashing .
he can excel in life make his mark and/or surpass naruto in other areas .
maybe he inherits minato 's knack for sealing making major strides towards reviving the art and creating an archive of rediscovered uzumaki seals for the family/clan .
maybe he becomes sakura 's apprentice and pushes the boundaries of medical science .
so long as it 's not sheer power and combat ability .
heute ist heiligabend big news fällt mir eh schon schwer genug eltern haben sich getrennt vaddern hat nen halbes jahr auf heile welt gemacht und nebenbei ne andere gevögelt .
hat mich als ultimativen familienmenschen absolut runtergezogen strange eben wenn man im umfeld so zu 80 leute hat deren eltern geschieden sind sich immer denkt joa du lucky dipshit geht ja scheinbar doch noch bei einigen '' ... und man die person zu der man immer aufgesehen hat auf einen schlag nicht mehr respektieren kann .
der kram hat mir meine ausbildung so ziemlich zerfickt okay bin wohl auch selbst dran schuld hätte mich ja mehr zusammenreißen können .
befinde mich derzeit im dritten ausbildungsjahr danach steht ein studium an eigentlich .
so kurz vor knapp hatte ich dann wegen harten fehlzeiten stress mit der praktikumsstelle bzw .
habe den immer noch meine ausbildung steht kurz vor dem kippen nicht dass ich überhaupt noch motivation dazu hätte .
die chance es bei meiner praktikumsstelle gerade zu biegen hatte ich aber habe die kaum genutzt warum auch immer .
damit wäre ich aber irgendwo d'accord wäre nicht das telefonat mit meiner freundin gewesen .
studiert in einer anderen stadt mit super viel sehen ist also so oder so nicht .
weihnachten wollten wir beieinander verbringen hätte sie später abgeholt feiertage dann größtenteils bei ihr mit familie ist bei mir ja nicht mehr groß was aber heute habe ich gemerkt wie enttäuscht sie von mir ist .
ich hatte in der zeit in der ich so abgerutscht '' bin mehrmals die chance meinen scheiß zusammen zu kriegen .
sie hat mich immer unterstützt und war immer auf meiner seite und ich habe ihr immer gesagt dass ich mich bessern werde .
hat partiell auch geklappt aber bin dann wieder ins alte muster '' zurück .
joa ende vom lied ist dass sich nicht sicher ist ob ich die beziehung überhaupt für wichtig genug erachte weihnachten liegt demnach auf eis .
jetzt hänge ich zuhause will den abend nur so schnell wie möglich hinter mich bringen um nicht jeden mit schlechter laune anzustecken .
jetzt habe ich mich was die familiäre lage angeht so größtenteils gefangen ziehe mir dann in der eigenen beziehung quasi die füße weg .
ich denke mal dass der großteil weiß wie beziehungspausen aussehen bzw .
wahrscheinlich ist das alles kacke erklärt und beschrieben aber ich hab jetzt einfach mal ohne nachzudenken geschrieben wie gesagt sonst sitzt ich nur vor dem pc und laufe in dayz stupide durch die gegend .
naja ende vom rumgeflenne musste einfach mal irgendwo raus schätze ich an alle die es jetzt vielleicht noch lesen eine angenehme zeit im kreise der familie bzw .
edit kleines update keine ahnung ob es am geist der weihnacht lag oder woran auch immer aber meine praktikumsstelle hat mit sich reden lassen morgen gehts dann ans nacharbeiten .
wenn ich da jetzt also nicht wieder übel scheiße baue dann passt das ich kriege meine ausbildung doch noch gebacken lag ja nur an den praktikumsstunden .
heute abend treffe ich mich dann mit meiner freundin dann reden wir erstmal aber von ihr kam schon deutlich das signal dass es nicht aus ist .
mal sehen wie es läuft aber den weg der jetzt ansteht den sehe ich zumindest .
falls noch interesse besteht update ich morgen oder so noch mal wie das gespräch lief danke euch auf jeden fall schon mal immens !
if i remember correctly all the npc gangs from single-player free-roam were in online 's free-roam .
but now i ca n't seem to find most of the gangs .
i ca n't find the armenian mob at their hangout at la puerta scrapyard .
i ca n't find the chinese triads or the korean kkangpae at their hangout in little seoul .
i ca n't find the aztecas at their hangout in northern rancho .
that is 4 gangs that can be found in single-player 's free-roam that are completely missing from online 's free-roam .
also the marabunta grande can be found online in small numbers at their main hangout in east los santos but their hangout in south vespucci and their hangout in the sewers near mirror park are completely empty .
the families ballas vagos lost mc and madrazo cartel all spawn in online as they would in singleplayer .
i am nearly completely sure that the armenian mob korean kkangpae chinese triads aztecas and the marabunta grande of south vespucci and the mirror park sewers used to spawn in online .
out of the 4 gangs that are completely missing they are still fight-able in contact missions gang attacks heists ceo/mc/gr missions etc .
but it 's just weird that they were removed from their free-roam hangouts though .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score breakdown in the comments below ab players use https greedbutt.com/plus instead
discord users do n't forget the isaac server where you can chat in the daily channel https discord.gg/isaac
i have been doing ballet since i was 3 years old i used to love it but i do not enjoy it at all anymore .
i also do jazz and contemporary dance but i enjoy doing those i have 3 ballet classes a week and i feel like it 's way to much for me .
i am easily stressed and i have anxiety and i am very unhappy with my body .
when i start too feel happy with it i go to ballet and see myself in the leotard and it makes me feel very self conscious .
i even tried to stop eating but then i got really dizzy at dancing and i fall .
i have been dancing ballet for 10 years and i 'm good at it so i do n't want to disappointment my mum or anyone else .
but ballet is affecting my mental health and i 'm just unhappy .
i have no free time because of ballet and so i never get to socialize so i 'm constantly feeling lonely because i have no friends .
my mum doesnt know all this ... what should i do and how can i tell her ?
and this project allows to sell the knowledge for cryptocurrency worldwide .
i 've been vegetarian my whole life and my mom who is also vegetarian often uses parmesan .
i want to buy a brand that does n't contain rennet but i do n't know what to look for .
maybe it 's unemployment depression out-of-school depression or job-rejection and other things but i ca n't seem to stop feeling sad and being unable to get out of that feeling this past week .
it 's been 7-8 months since my graduation in may and i 've been feeling this depression since .
it does n't help that when i compare my life to my classmates it makes me feel so inferior in pretty much every way .
they got a job and are able to keep moving on but i got stuck .
i keep trying but every rejection keeps hurting me more .
i wish time could slow down or stop for just a bit so i can get things together .
i keep falling behind and i really do n't want to fall behind any more than this .
it does n't help that my heart still aches for my crush and it 's been almost a year already .
i do n't know what to do and i wish someone could just give me an answer so i can move on .
this is arguably our worst start in the last 4 years .
we all know our roster is n't playing as good as they can and that we 've got a lot of stuff to figure out while everyone else seems to be ready to beat us .
despite all this ... we 're still currently the number 1 seed in the west .
we won a game 7 against houston last year .
i ca n't imagine going to a game 7 against any team this year except maybe one or two .
so realistically home court advantage is n't too important .
in the end ... 1st seed or 8th seed ... we 're still going for the chip and nobody is gon na think we 're underdogs .
just like kobe said the fact that we have so many things to work on is almost a blessing in disguise .
imagine this was our peak and we were still losing !
that 's all guys from a young british memphis warriors fan .
if there 's any typos i do apologise in advance
all sissies should be shaven and smooth/tidy if you still have boy hair then you 're not fooling anyone .
if any international students have been accepted to drexel how much aid did you get ?
can anyone give me some tips on the game .
i 've been in division 5 since launch and i win 1 lose 1 and struggle for consistency .
i can usually create chances but my defence is like a wet paper bag and despite trying different formations the gaps in midfield are huge .
how do i press the ball without committing the players ?
any advice would be greatly appreciated as i 'm not sure i can lose 5-4 again without having a meltdown ... . oh and i 'm an older player who has had fifa since mega drive days and this is the worse i 've ever been .
i think we should be able to have an option to write on guns .
ofcourse only on customizable skins and still keeping the filter .
i would love to see this in the game but possibilities are smaller than my will to play fortnite .
hi i do n't know which subreddit to ask but i want to ask what is the name of this toys ?
found it on a facebook page but it 's in thai language which i ca n't understand i tried to google pokemon game freak '' which indicated on the box but i ca n't seems to find it .
thank you for anyone who will respond to this !
last night around midnight or so parents are 100 asleep and i have no lights on .
so i 'm trying to find diamonds to get the laser cutter and out of nowhere my seamoth takes damage i pass it off as just hitting something because im clumsy not a second later i see satan 's asshole staring at me taking my seamoth for a ride i instantly assume i 'm dead so i drop my controller the devil that is the reaper let go of my seamoth on 10 health and i pelt it i 'm just thinking i 'm never trying to adventure again .
got back home and just saved and exited the game that 's enough water for tonight .
i 've been asked to try and get some kind of device control in place for our small 30 staff company .
we are 100 remote have a mix of windows mac android ios .
we also have a number of contractors and people using personal devices .
we use office365 but no other management system in place no ad or other directory .
the core requirement is being able to demonstrate a level of control over company data in the event a remote device is lost or stolen .
my first thought was to use intune we could use conditional access to ensure that company devices are enrolled before they can access anything .
by being enrolled we have the ability to remotely lock and wipe them as well as ensure encryption and strong passwords etc .
that then raises the issue of contractors and personal laptops .
for ios and android intune 's mam settings work well enough to enforce the use of an approved app meaning we can wipe the app without touching the device .
the problem is for windows and mac where mam either is n't available or does n't work as expected .
how can i ensure that company data is n't left unencrypted and unsecured in a coffee shop somewhere without forcing contractors to give up control of their laptops ?
i see so many solutions advertising that they 've solved the byod mdm conundrum but as far as i can see no one actually has .
right now i 'm seeing the ss tropic being offered under the vintage offer '' for 375 gems but it 's not maxed out as far as capacity .
it only has one star out of five filled .
stats start at 90 sailors/88 cargo and max at 130s/174c .
at max this would be my largest capacity ship at the moment .
will it require more gems to upgrade or will it use resources ?
so i am wondering if i shoud just save up til the akali prestige skin i have 1400 tokens right now or just use it on masterwork chest and keys this is because i recently got the kda akali default skin in a hextech chest and i kinda feel like i should just use it on loot instead
! check how many sets the bot has that you may buy
! level x calculate how much it 'll cost to desired level
! buy x use it to buy sets by your tf2 keys
! sellcheck how many sets you may sell for tf2 keys
we all know that is the 1 skin she needs complete with weird plasma gun effects
b/o 13.5k for tb 14 for pa no vanilla hydra key also interested in arcanas and immortals profit
i have just encountered the most relaxing song that i 've ever heard and i ca n't for the life of me figure out what it is .
shazam gives me a new incorrect song every time i listen with it and there does n't seem to be any information on netflix itself .
i work for tech support in the biggest east coast provider .
i had a woman in her mid 30s on the phone yelling and demanding to know why her computer is not connected to wifi .
i apologized 30 minutes changing ip addresses and sending commands with no luck .
once i 'm back home i 'm changing back to comcast.
this is my canadian vacation with no wifi thanks to you and your useless company !
wifi does n't work unless you are inside your home .
consider this a 30-something year old upper middle class american woman with anger issues paying 500 dollars on her internet bill and she barely had an idea that wifi equals internet
i 'm not even sure how she lived a normal life ...
in what universe is it a good user experience to have your software autosave itself the second it 's back in focus after having sat idle for hours ... hours within which premiere never autosaved itself .
it 's the stupidest thing and it 's been this way for years .
copy a sequence in a folder in project window .
pasted copy defaults to being located in root of project not the selected folder with original sequence .
create nested sequence appears in root of project window instead of same folder as sequence it lives in
if clip snapping enabled it 's impossible sometimes to move a clip to beginning of a sequence .
you have to turn snapping off to get it to beginning of sequence .
when you maximize the vertical height of clips in the timeline it makes them a small fraction of the overall height of the available space .
you ca n't copy a fade from one clip to another .
it 's a coin toss as to whether the new sequence appears in the same folder as the parent sequence or the root of the project .
want to make ten folders in the root of a folder in your project ?
you have to create a folder re-select the parent folder create a folder etc etc etc .
because premiere thinks it makes sense to select the new folder you created each time meaning that if you do n't unselect the folder you 'll have a series of 10 nested folders one inside the other .
you ca n't alphabetize anything in the project window .
when you play to the last clip in a timeline for some reason premiere decides to put playhead at beginning of sequence .
if loop play is on and you try to play anywhere outside of the in/out points of your loop premiere starts to play at beginning of loop in point other software does not do this and it makes way more sense
if you are playing back a sequence you can not move at any part of the sequence that does n't show the playback marker .
and here 's my favorite every now and then when i shut down premiere my screen goes black because it crashes the video driver .
a movie tie-in was made a while back but it was pretty generic and i think suffered from being a movie tie-in leading it to be boxed in by a narrow vision and a small budget .
i think the character works great for gaming though .
i 'd love to see a beat-em-up game with a smooth fighting system like the batman arkham series .
obviously it 's not a character with as much popularity as batman or spider-man but i think it has a ton of potential..
so i built a pc for my mate and he 's got a gtx 1060 but for some reason the drivers latest wo n't download properly once they 've downloaded they then tell him to update which he does then he reboots his pc and then nothing works and it acts just like he 's not got any drivers and on rainbow six siege it tells him to download them
i have been studying neville goddard for a while now but i have trouble accepting the whole everyone is you pushed out '' argument .
i accept it as broadly true as in if you approach someone with kindness chances are they 'll be kind to you .
or if you feel confident in yourself you will draw more positive experiences and people to you .
but i can not accept that every person is a reflection of me .
i love my ex with all my heart and fall asleep visualising him proposing to me every night .
but at the same time my heart is open to someone better '' because i know that my ex is emotionally unstable and not ready for a commitment right now .
this is not me projecting these are words from his mouth .
one day i 'll ask the universe for him a committed and stable version of him ! !
the next day i 'll ask for the right man for me to come into my life .
if i just focus on being in a happy loving relationship will the universe send me the right person ?
do n't they just eat sleep and occasionally have a little scuffle with a fellow bear ?
i never had the chance to read this or pass this on to the man who sexually assaulted me as the legal system failed me i felt i needed to just post it somewhere to be able to express my feelings .
this event happened about 8 months ago and wrote this a couple days after the assault happened .
i always thought to myself after seeing so many sexual assault stories of what i would do in this situation .
i told myself i 'd put up a fight or i 'd scream or i 'd do anything to prevent it from happening .
what i did n't know is how isolated you feel how helpless you feel how paralyzed you feel .
how violated i felt will never be made up by a 200 gift card to some sappy pnw clothing store you tried to send me .
ever since that night i 've been crying everyday unsure of how to feel about what i feel about this situation .
at first i tried to play it off and use humor to cover my ever creeping anxiety .
i thought maybe i should n't have let him in the uber maybe i should have prevented you from doing more right when i woke up maybe i should n't have even said hi to you at all at the bar but what i have realized is that i needed to stop blaming me and start blaming you .
blame you for the lingering and ever present anxiety i feel throughout the day
blame you for having to call my mother and explain to her while i 'm sobbing that her daughter was sexually assaulted while asleep
blame you for the lack of desire to socialize with people i 've felt ever since because i ca n't seem to think of anything else besides this
blame you for when i came back to my house after sobbing twice at a keg the next day before my last at home basketball game of college that i was so looking forward to to change out of my winter shoes and into my converse only to be instantly flooded with tears and sit at my living room table sobbing and feel so antisocial that i missed this game i was so excited for .
blame you for the sadness anger and violation i can never seem to get rid of
dillon this is all your fault and your pathetic excuse that you ca n't remember anything 28 minutes after i kicked you out seems extremely convenient .
there are times when i forget about everything but i always come right back to it .
i tried to rationalize even tell people that i did n't want to ruin your reputation or career or even life over a drunk mistake .
that was before i realized that i could n't shake off these feelings that i could n't shake off this event .
no one forced or asked you to do anything .
i did n't ask you to tag along in my uber back to my house after my friend wanted to leave .
i did n't ask you to when we first got in my bed and made out for a few minutes to continuously resist me tugging at your arm to stay out of my pants .
i did n't ask you to abruptly wake me up from my most vulnerable state asleep to you aggressively groping me under the front of my pants
i did n't ask you to slip your fingers in me while i lie still presumably still asleep in fear and shock and finger me
i did n't ask you to aggressively grab my ass and attempt to introduce your finger to my bottom
i did n't ask you to do any of that
i did n't ask you to sexually assault me .
but what i do ask i ask for you to get what you deserve .
i ask that you can feel just a glimpse of the constant sadness anxiety and anger i feel .
the house is both of theirs if they bought it while married regardless of who has the job .
if anything op will end up owing his wife alimony and they will have to sell the house to split the earnings .
she was n't even a girl who grew up in a traditional household .
she grew up being experimented on in a demented lab asa text subject .
her ethnicity does n't really play a large part in her cultural identity .
her culture was ripped away from her along with her childhood
i get you and i often get that feeling .
that i will never find anyone who will love me and be compatible with me .
scares the shit out of me to be honest.. but sure.. what can i do ?
i do n't currently have mods available for it i am sorry .
power days are usually super high calorie burn days for me but the floor was too strengthy to get there .
good workout just did n't feel overly power oriented .
i 'll pass it along to the devs and while i 'm at it i 'll ask them to insert godmode as well considering your 'opinion ' takes the little small skill it takes to be good out of the game .
leaving behind old infrastructure is not a new thing .
subsidise the cable networks so they can unfairly compete with new technology ?
if cable tv providers are having trouble competing is n't that really their own fault because of their high prices ?
how does the same service go from something like 15 35 when it was first introduced to over 200 or more for some customers ?
cable tv providers do n't have to package services .
my point is it 's not new technology '' that 's primarily threatening the cable tv providers .
it 's their own choices about how they marketed and currently sell their service .
i do n't know if they 're trying to make up for lost expenses in building infrastructure or what but the result is millions of people disenfranchised from perfectly good technology .
i also know lots of people who would prefer to have cable tv because they are just not very internet savvy but they ca n't afford it .
it 's not better competition that is causing them to cut the cable tv cord .
i refuse to buy them till they add this quality of life .
what i do is take workshops and then wait around and do the first defend event .
thats 2 random plans for about 20 caps and a little time investment .
its random but i have most of what i want now .
but far right is opposing to gays by definition while the left should be advocating their interests .
doing both for gays and islam is just betrayal .
ramos and ucl live macho are better than varane imo
can we please cool it with the bullying it was n't accurate when people called beau a bully towards caleb and it is n't accurate now .
being a bit condescending or rude or having a disagreement does not mean you 're bullying someone .
nothing fjord has done is anymore bullying than nott laughing at fjord 's compulsion nott shooting beau to test clays healing or nott stealing from fjord etc .
i felt kind of ... dirty to have to resort to needing help as if my skills were not good enough .
however i felt less bad knowing that i pulled my own weight in the fight .
my partner fought one and i fought the other .
so ... yeah i guess to your other question it felt good teaming up and finally progressing past that hellish fight .
what do you mean by not within the norms ?
bro betterccxi cool cc and flipswitch along with colormyccmodules and ccbackground
something like the comittee happens in every attractor field '' ?
with the v10 the concept used and not another tt v8 like the urus .
they should n't focus on the roaring dumpster fire that is the war on drugs no .
i keep seeing pictures of people in random locations and bookshelves why ?
if you just started to learn music theory i 'd start with something simple like music theory for dummies https www.amazon.com/music-theory-dummies-michael-pilhofer/dp/1118990943 .
there 's also this list of recommended reading from r/musictheory .
https www.reddit.com/r/musictheory/wiki/faq/core/new_to_music_theory wiki_core_theory_textbooks while most of the recommendations are for bona fide textbooks the open music theory website and music theory for musicians and normal people '' guides are still good places to start .
the r/musictheory resource page does recommend looking for books that are geared toward the specific type of music you 're wanting to make so a book like music theory for electronic music composers https www.amazon.com/music-theory-electronic-producers-progressions-ebook/dp/b07cgdg2zw might be more useful or relevant to your needs .
one of my favorite traditional songs from one of my favorite bands .
why did n't perin stop the ball before playing it why did he directly shoot it ?
salt pepper and paprika with breading does n't make it fried chicken .
was n't it because he could n't imagine world without tito and did n't assured that things wo n't fall apart after him ?
as kids you usually confess a few obvious things it always felt a bit performative to us we 'd compare sins haha i was disobedient i told a lie i did n't share with my siblings bla bla .
it would n't be shocking if he left but the bigger club/more history argument is overrated imo
i mean it 's a prank and the cops who roll up pointing guns fell for it .
they acted before they knew it was only flowers in the bag .
idk if i 'm misunderstanding you but i 'm trying here lol .
eu ficaria espantado com essa rolona preta desenhada na identificação do café da manhã também
what makes you think it 's private because you 'd like it to be ?
if they can get access to it they will and they can so they do .
look i 'm not trying to say two wrongs make a right or that it 's constitutional that it 's being done but you 're already being spied on by more than just your government .
i do n't know of any i was trying to find a good homeopathic treatment
i feel that mentioning nude and lingerie modeling will get you tons of men asking for nudes right off the bat
usually yes if you claim that it 's an illegal drug .
i do n't want to spend too much time thinking about breakfast .
i found it on fb but originally it was posted on official twitter account narutotoboruto
i do n't get how why your internet provider would n't allow you to host a server at home .
but if you really ca n't you could rent a vps with a sql db on it and periodically run a sync script from home to copy data to your computer .
in that case your home server would just be a backup
i thought i had a problem kept my head inside the pillow screaming
i thought that was snow when i was down there last week !
it was hard to tell with the lighting as i was driving .
not true idk 100 in season 1 they reactivated them to give people a 2nd chance
been seeing this very same post every jones fight since 2011 .
i 've been wanting to add spirits into my world but did n't know if i should just treat them like undead fey celestial or what .
mind if i ask for how your general rules/mechanics like resistance immunities effects etc .
having said that if they call the police because their child suddenly goes missing and the interaction between you and him pop up in the investigation who do you think will be a natural suspect in the disappearance of the child ?
you think some stranger who recently bought the kid 's x-box might be top on the list ?
i say keep the length but get loooots of layers and face framing pieces and long side bangs .
itll be way more feminine and floaty than what you have right now
7 am on the toilet doing my routine reddit run through was not ready for these feels .
i personally love seeing them.. dont see many in toronto
if i did n't have so many people who i would affect i would probably have by now but i doubt i ever will in fact i 'm nearly certain i wo n't
i think libertarianism as a principle is fairly good respect others and their rights and do n't tell them what to do .
but polticially no modern nation is equipped to promote the practice of economic libertarianism which comes with severe consequences if businesses and corporations are allowed too much freedom .
they 'll scream about the government being too controlling and dictating your every move but turn a blind eye when corporations do the exact same thing .
they often ignore that other nations have found a way to provide better results with less overall cost via government funded programs like national health services or utilities .
they often ignore that private businesses can absolutely infringe on your rights and that they can harm society through greed .
there are some cases where government is the best answer and there are some cases where private is the best answer .
the best nations are those that balance a mixed economy between government services and private enterprise .
you 'll often find that many people who identify as libertarian '' come from upper-middle class or middle class backgrounds and have never had to rely on government services to get by .
or if they did they develop this whole pull yourself up '' mentality .
i do n't understand how they can dissolve so much sugar in it .
unless it 's melee because melee is not a smash game so that pichu does n't count s
phelounge a holistic massage center where overstressed sammi housewives can relax/recharge inside their own rent-by-the-hour aromatherapy pods .
and as always in this part of the globe the obligatory asian noodle cafe/nail salon .
it pretty much depends on your own judgment and where you are each day .
you want to keep progressing down the mines and make sure you have enough ore to be upgrading your tools but you also want to make sure that you have enough g to upgrade your tools .
days when you are upgrading your pick for example you wo n't be able to hit the mines and so you 'll have 2 days or so where you can hit fishing really hard .
you also want to be sure that you have enough g to buy 80-100 strawberries 8000-10000 g at the egg festival on the 13th .
selling the gems and other drops you get from the mines can help but you might also want to keep that stuff for gifts or community center bundles .
if you are really power gaming you might even go the joja route to make unlocking the different things easier .
i tend to prefer the community center just aesthetically and because i feel guilty for going the joja route but i also recognize that the joja route is more efficient especially if you do n't want to do a bit of everything i often do n't want to have a lot of animals early but i want the greenhouse before winter y1 for example or rely on the traveling cart to make up the difference .
if you give me a minute i can find a detailed guide to maximizing your first spring that goes into more detail with what i 've put here .
getting all of the christmas projects out of the garage so i can finally have my gym back today .
just trying to get back into the swing of things this week before i start up uhf next week .
he 's a great dad and an even better person .
he has beaten every odd thrown at him and survived numerous tragedies in his 70 years .
he 's a dying breed of human who learns from his mistakes admits when he is wrong and wo n't compromise his integrity despite having it bite him in the ass many many times .
getting adopted by him was the best thing to happen to me up to the point when my own son was born .
if i can be half the dad he is to my kids i 'll have won life .
thanks for giving me a catalyst to reflect on this .
i often forget to appreciate those around me with life moving so fast and it was good to take the time to focus on them .
android p is the first version to offer a global custom dns server .
until p the only way to set a custom dns server was to modify the settings of each wifi network and there was no global default .
you could use apps to do so but that also only works for wifi networks .
there was no way to set a custom dns server for wwan .
with p you can use the private dns setting to set a custom dns server for all connections except vpns i think .
there 's still no way to set a custom dns server for wwans using an ip address without root .
people in the southern part of india literally live off of coconut oil .
they eat it put it in their hair use it as massage oil .
they 're the fittest people in the whole country .
facebook book is just a propaganda platform for the lastest political agenda .
i 'm pretty sure the way it works is that the one extra bullet has the combined damage of the guns base pellet count .
hey i 've wanted these since they came out but could n't justify them .
we could still keep the boat as a backup its not guranteed that hes gone .
still got ta draft a qb but thank fuck kessler is out dude is so bad
hopefully really personal issues like these are put into the spot light in 2019 .
it 's that little bit of hope we all hold onto
however scientists are trying to find the common parts .
i hope that their research is not used as a weapon .
idk if stardew will be in english ca n't find info yet sadly .
guild recruitment belongs in our weekly guild recruitment thread on saturdays or in r/wowguilds .
also check out the discord wiki page for lfg servers https www.reddit.com/r/wow/wiki/discord
please read the entire removal reason before contacting us via modmail or if you need clarification .
https www.reddit.com/r/wow/wiki/rules if you feel this post was removed in error please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwow .
always been a huge ufc fan since everything was on spike .
i never really saw much of tj but i knew he was a heavy underdog .
to my surprise he went out and simply beat the shit out of the champ .
i wear them tts but have wide feet just prefer it .
that being said what you say is right and i 'll go for an 8 thanks man
dude you 're to stupid to get it lol .
the average players stat may be higher but so are also the skilled good players stats .
1.8 kd or whatever you want to measure with is not good it 's average .
in mwr 1.8 was above average but it has nothing to do with bo4 being easier .
it 's just faster making it easier to rack up many kills .
that said 30-40 kills in a game is n't so impressive as it used to be now 60-70 is a great game if you play objective mode .
the standard numbers may be higher but that does n't mean there is less skill lol
there 's literally nothing wrong with that sentence go back to learning english .
i want my red meats well-done but i do n't want my bacon to crunch .
pretty darn cool yours is definitely smoother than mine lol though i think you could also put some animation at the head like the character looking at the general area of the reciever to kinda see what he 's doing
your post is too short please include in the body of the post information such as country and city that can help you find trainers to trade with please do n't put your exact location .
you need atleast 15 letters for it to be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongotrades if you have any questions or concerns .
the association you are insinuating between money 's sexiological research and feminist thinking .
money was by no means a feminist and the major pieces of writing in feminist theory of gender do not depend and mostly do not cite money 's work .
notes on the 'political economy of sex ' '' which laid down a large chunk of feminist thinking on sex/gender does not cite or mention money .
butler for whom i 've already pointed to a reference directly addresses the assertion that money and diamond 's work created supports or defeats feminist thinking about social construction it does not none of these things the episode is wholly orthogonal to feminism .
money did n't invent gender and money did n't give us the backbone '' to feminist theory .
as i see it looking at feminist writing before the 1970s gender has long been something partially articulated by 19th and 20th century women in different ways and moreover is an idea that 20th century discourse on difference was pregnant with no one could invent it because it had come into existence as other areas of thinking about difference began to settle . ''
it should be noted here on the outset that money 's program is really not in line with anything remotely feminist money was trying to figure out how to build '' a girl/woman or boy/man his was an engineering approach to creating gender difference .
whereas feminists have not been in the business of creating or enforcing gender difference and their accounts of social construction have not be about actually constructing the gendered/sexed person .
i was thinking that we had to continue putting the pressure on after the first goal because we have a habit of conceding very softly .
surely the team and coach has to see that .
i do n't see what lichsteiner offers that amn ca n't .
well after picking it up the non-radio background music goes to tribal type drums something that you would hear in movies when shit is about to hit the fan .
anyone else imagining oz whenever a scene popped up with adebisi plotting to shank/rape/kill someone ?
1 marked with or characterized by disgrace or shame dishonorable
thanks i do it for those who have no teeth .
i put it as a 5 because 5 is average and i feel like there are so many much more obese women than myself .
but let 's be extra fair and give me a 4 .
however i consistently pull extremely good looking men and every single one of them says my face https i.imgur.com/lvmmvbz.jpg is gorgeous .
wonder how the ozil brigade will defend that laziness ?
was he setting himself up for a perfect counter attack ?
you 're inviting people to a celebration so inviting someone even if they 're a kid to only half of the party is a little ... confusing to put it mildly .
however it sounds like the decision has been made so
we are also considering going a step further and having a suite in the closest hotel
you could even say something like the 21 or 18 party will continue at venue beginning at time and we will provide supervised accommodations for our guests under 21 at location of suite with pizza and supervision beginning at time .
if you would like more details please contact x . ''
if you do this it would probably be best to include an rsvp for the children 's event with pizza choices or something as well as the rsvps for regular reception and ceremony .
try to keep exclusive phrasing out as much as possible such as we do n't want children at the reception '' or kids are n't invited . ''
and still suck as you killed her identity as a turretbuster if the turret busting role gets moved to the aps even more .
being better at it compared to others that suck at it when it 's your main identity doesnt do shit because if that is your identity you have to compare yourself to others that fill that role .
if you nerf adcs in their current state where they already need a buff in the only place where they still shine at least a tiny bit if you dont have a lichbane or nashors midlaner they dont need a small buff to their pvp in return they need a substantial one .
just imagine what subs i 'd be posting in if they had n't been banned .
from what i hear sea of thieves has really improved in a no man 's sky esque fashion .
you have until 12/27 01:11 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20181227t181157 .
u/mile114 reply with normal squib or onside and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag thread '' 20 '' a9pmy7 '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.kickoff ''
hot seat warlords 2 ate up a big chunk of my childhood .
they recently came out with that in bluray again .
the new animated harley quinn movie done in the btas style really sucks though .
it took me a year and a half after it ended to realize the sexual abuse and longer to realize the physical abuse as it wasnt hitting or punching .
he groomed me convinced me that our relationship was good despite the fact i was still in high school and he was 9 years older than me .
he 'd pinch me and leave bruises saying it was just play not believing me when i said it actually hurt .
the manipulation when he wanted sex and i did n't was always apparent but i did n't realize that he was guilting me and convincing a yes out of me wasnt full consent .
i 'm still coming to terms with all of it .
i ca n't talk to anybody about it as he was married at the time still is too .
i 'm glad his wife knows how to put her foot down when it comes to him but i feel bad for the new girl he 's got in his life .
throwaway because people in my life know my actual account .
city winning the cl is horrible ya but i 'd rather them win that twice then see liverpool win the league
i just have a funny feeling no one would bat an eyelash at that one .
as someone with an ok camera who wants to take pretty pictures like this can you tell me why you composed this picture the way you did ?
yea ive started reading the white paper there is more to telos than i thought .
we just need tonight 's team to show up to all the games .
listen if you want your kid to think the sky is purple i am under no obligation to lie for you .
if your kid asks someone if they have a girlfriend they are not under any obligation to lie for you .
people do n't have to hide or lie about their perfectly normal everyday life due to what you decide you want to talk about to your kid .
people who place expectations on others lie because of their choices having a kid are the assholes .
elite politicians literally all recognize and understand how fucked we are and how much sooner than is let on .
not to mention i 'm canadian and not a liberal '' or conservative '' or any other ridiculous us vs them fucking label .
fuck trump fuck clinton fuck trudeau fuck harper fuck may fuck marcon fuck merkel fuck putin and so on .
all of these people understand how bad our situation is that there are no solutions and we 're probably done for within a cpl decades but are electing to collectively pull the wool over our eyes instead .
is that don wilson owner of iowa 's largest wildlife preserve ?
both irelia and akali are sub 45 winrate with it barely getting to 50 for mains .
i ca n't comment on aatrox but i imagine it 's not too different .
my last building did n't have a doorman and my stuff used to get stolen frequently .
at first i thought this is some eic or scoopwhoop spoof videos
tho ekelar will be a handful even for them .
make sure rivers gets a nice clean pocket atleast half the game lol 2 .
keep playing their style and we could beat anybody period
idk man building a house is pretty tough trippin dick .
how do you know it 's worse upon second viewing if you havent viewed it for a second time
play whenever but at the end of a season is nice because your rank will reset once the new season starts .
i 'm trying to be encouraging to give it some time because it sounds like op does n't think he will get better .
i 've already had 3 friends learn how to play on pc just by trying mine out so i know a week or so is when you start to get the hang of it .
there 's definitely someone else here being much more aggressive about the superiority of mouse and keyboard .
i watched ‘saw ' so as interesting as that sounds i must say i pass .
take photos and share if you get a group .
nine died immigrated or was born at 8 yrs ftfy
i feel a little silly giving them but we really enjoy doing it and christmas cookies from my great grandmother are one of my fondest christmas memories .
i know at least one bag was thoroughly enjoyed learned next year it needs to be handed to mom instead because he consumed them in under 30 minutes from bag open to searching for crumbs .
he lived hard very hard so by the time he died he looked at least 10-15 years older at the very least .
but he was indeed playing off of the narcissistic heel trope he perfected it and made it what it is today .
a true trailblazer he knew the power of image and worked it well .
he paved the way for legends like ric flair and muhammad ali .
anything after that becomes who u wish he was 😫😬
if you come to a club expecting to win a trophy by your first december at the club you 're a retard .
fun fact the entire cr cast and brian foster is drawn somewhere on the album artwork of everybody
edit i may be misremembering i know at least half the cast is .
loses points for using the word mind instead of the pretentious alternative intellect .
how have i never heard of that before ? ?
i 'm 5'8 175 lbs and wear a 38s in suiting jackets .
m in the altos if you want a relaxed fit just know that the sweater will stretch a little with wear since it is wool .
the goose jacket in s fits me well enough that i can wear a sweater or a quilted vest underneath it .
yes and that guide can be found right here please provide .
92 of those who have screening and following screening have a positive diagnosis through further screening .
many women choose not to undergo screening as they do n't want to know and others who are given an initial indication in screening choose not to continue investigation to the point of diagnosis .
of the women who choose to undergo and receive confirmation the rate is high .
taken as a proportion of all women offered screening and testing it 's much lower .
my doctor scolded me for going a little too pickle crazy .
even my mi max 1 easily got 10 hours of sot
he probably is n't watching this test or any matches since cape town
yeah i would just cook what you want and offer some of what you have and let her have her stuff .
my youngest has issues with textures and red meat is a big no .
he ca n't sign up for the fight after harris throws in without it being an even bigger deal than it 'll be when the primary is in full swing .
he also needs a longer time frame to spread out small dollar donations from his base .
a full blown campaign that intends to go all the way will be expensive .
race baiting ass hole says racist race baiting shit more at 11
have you tried taking tylenol or anything before going to bed ?
does the pain feel deep in the hip joint or more like a muscle skin pain ?
do you stand sit in the same position a lot during a day ?
i actually just saw the capitals game in dc and i must say people there have no clue how to lean back in their chairs .
had to tell them 5-6 times to lean back .
but you are neglecting to mention that these teaching positions usually provide generous healthcare plans and pensions benefits not typically seen in the private sector .
healthcare costs are escalating and my family pays a high monthly premium combined with a high deductible .
in addition private pensions disappeared years ago and converted over to 401-k plans .
but they also get long holiday breaks and summers off which can be spent on family time travel a job or furthering their education .
when i first started in the workforce it took me 5 years to get more than 2 weeks vacation .
you ca n't buy time and time off is a quality of life issue .
i 'm amazed at how little they have to pay for their healthcare costs an ever increasing part of my and many friends budgets .
would teachers trade a higher salary for a reduction in healthcare benefits and replacing their pension for a
there are pros and cons to public and private sector jobs .
it 's 1st and 10 on the morgan state 47 .
one guy fell into a wind turbine and was split in two
go to work come home make a mess go to sleep then wonders why the house is dirty ... .maaaaybe because watching a kid with a disability homeschooling him and working some outside the home to make ends meet leaves so much time for cleaning .
this guys wife has a baby/toddler a disabled older child and has add herself ... of course she 's falling behind !
on top of that they 've moved so she 's probably totally isolated and being browbeaten bu superdad here ugh .
i bet he has plenty of time to help he 's working one job and acting like he could take a second ... takes a lot less time to pitch in at home than work a second job .
whether you meant to or not you are rebounding with this guy .
rebounds tend to get their feelings hurt in the end .
the reason the outfit is so expensive is that it is only available from one vendor in the game who is a radiant spawn from one of 20 available ones plus the fact that he can die and self terminates .
not to mention the fact that the hunter 's long coat is only one of 20 odd apparel pieces in his vendor table of which he only has two apparel items for sale at a time .
all of this in addition to the fact that the outfit is damn sexy .
as i did not want to pay the 5k nor did i have the caps i served hopped a total of 8 hours before i was able to find the coat .
looking back if i had the caps i would have bought it .
would legit kiss a fucking rattle snake for a sf
it 's not about reddit promotion it 's aboit twitch promotion .
some people that play this game might not watch the content .
maybe those people have n't seen ghazzy before and are now interested in his content .
that 's an extra new viewer in the twitch directory of the game .
higher up on the directory typically equates to higher likelihood of being seen .
it 's the same principle behind political voting you may not think your 1 vote does n't matter but collectively it does .
can easily do 10 tons in a game if you side-climb .
maybe but i play teams and see every other immortal almost every game .
i 've literally seen jackie robinson more often than babe .
maybe just lucky i guess i wo n't complain though .
the few times i 've faced him he kills me lmao
i legit had a dream last night that i smuggled a baby goat into the house kept him hidden from my housemates and named him nathan because gary the goat is already taken .
he used to just lay on my bed like a cat and i used to pat him while he slept .
he also communicated to me without talking that 's how i knew he wanted me to take him home with me .
that 's the last time i eat cheese before bed ffs .
blackout is fun as hell if you 're playing with a party
i am an 18 year old girl beginning university in your city .
i 've heard other girls are doing this these days so i 'm going to give it a try also .
i am looking for a couple to live with for the semester at least .
you need to provide safe housing with a private room as well as meals and cover any incidental costs .
i do n't really want to negotiate this part ...
i understand it 's expensive but if that 's a problem for you you should n't read further .
i do n't want to ruin a semester by not having housing so please do n't mess with me here .
also why i want to be with a couple ...
what do you get ... well that 's pretty much illegal to write on craigslist so ... hopefully this does n't get pulled down .
you get to enjoy your favorite kinks with me and your spouse .
or maybe you get to enjoy those things he or she does n't want to do with me .
i do n't have a lot of things i 'll say no to so let me know what it is you want .
do n't beat me do n't kill me ... we 're pretty much good .
seriously even the weird stuff is pretty much okay as long as it stays between us .
you get to play dress-up with me as often as you want .
i have plenty to wear but you 'll be allowed to choose every stitch of clothing if you want .
be prepared to pay for it if you want a whole new wardrobe sorry !
yes i 'll even allow you to choose my public clothes as long as it wo n't get me arrested .
message me via email and we can hash out the details .
i would like to arrange something this week ... let 's have a skype date to get things settled .
i 'd love to have you show me around the house and i 'll show you around too .
i 'd like to be a relatively inexperienced though not completely girl entering college who finds a couple to live with so she can afford to go .
i am friendly to lots and lots of kinks but particularly like slutty clothes public stuff watersports and diapers butt stuff and most of the rest of what you can think of ...
i do n't like violence but of course spanking is fine if you have a specific idea i 'm happy to entertain it !
i would like it to be consensual but occassionally reluctant when things get very kinky .
i do n't really feel comfortable being dominant towards men but if you want to play a dominant husband and me with your submissive wife that 's fine !
sorry for the wall of text i appreciate detailed replies but do n't need this much in return .
i 'll finally finish something big that i had to do and even though i 've had my usual dose of adhd medication ... bam i 'm asleep .
today i scheduled in to do a clairvoyant reading for a client finished around 1,500 words.. felt super productive and accomplished ... and within minutes i was sound asleep .
where we hyperfocus ourselves to the point of exhaustion ?
edit i ordered the asus sonar xe relatively low cost just to see if it will fix the interference and popping issues if that fixes it the card will also be able to drive my headphones just fine .
i will probably still get an external dac/amp in the future just to complete the setup .
alright to start this off my on-board audio is starting to piss me off .
i have relatively low impedance headphones ath-m40x with the sheep skin pads and i get noticeable issues with distortion peaking and popping its very slight and in dpc latency checker it 's a peak of about 4000 us which leads my to think it 's either something improperly grounded in the motherboard or psu .
the popping issue only occurs during music listening via the unofficial google music desktop player and otherwise it 's fine but i do like to listen to music and it 's constantly in the back of my mind .
i am plugged into the rear audio jack directly on the motherboard as well .
here are my pc specs just to be safe the ones that matter
will an amp/dac combo fix the issues associated with the onboard audio or is it always going to be there ?
i have a budget of around 100 for either a soundcard or amp/dac solution and i have considered the following so far .
any help is appreciated and i am in no way an expert .
has a tier list been made for the game yet ?
so i 'm learning that my script may not be up to snuff .
to begin with i have four buttons on my mouse that i do n't have set to anything .
in a recent match a very capable player said he has d '' grenades set to some of his mouse buttons .
how could i edit my script to do that ?
if anyone would like to join my psn is neon_moustache .
no longer is it our fore fathers '' hence the joke did lincoln have four fathers ?
1k for the exploding ultracite laser or make an offer
i saw another post under a different cryptocurrency which got me thinking about bitcore .
i see a lot of people posting about different projects related to ecommerce and how this is the best path to adoption .
i agree using crypto as a currency is the best way to increase adoption and thus marketcap of the coins .
its in everyone 's best interest to use and adopt crypto .
i wanted to take the time and come up with a brief list of different services and ways to use/spend crypto .
i 'd suggest bitcore be added to coinpayments first .
they currently support the largest number of cryptocurrencies and has probably been adopted by the most number of people .
i 'm already aware that https www.paybyte.io https www.paybyte.io which supports 8 cryptocurrencies already includes support for bitcore
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications for the money ?
my preference is for a decent 5 hours of battery life .
i 'd prefer under 16 '' and 3kg but i 'm not that picky .
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
i want a laptop that is n't going to seem outdated in a year .
since i bike commute daily and ca n't leave my laptop at work it ca n't be overly fragile .
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
i want this to be a five year laptop .
if there 's something ideal that 's out of my budget i 'd prefer to up my budget than kick myself in a year or two .
keeping in mind that i bike commute a sturdier than avg laptop would be best .
i 've been looking at the thinkpads but there 's so many variations it 's hard to choose .
pardon my asking for a simple shortcut but i 've googled for this answer for a solid 30 minutes now and ca n't find it for some reason i have found similar shortcuts but none that also work on refresh page or back forward buttons at the top left to basically duplicate the page you 're currently on in a new tab as well .
i actually had this shortcut macro 'd into my mouse 's side button and recently lost that macro and now it 's like i 've gone back in browsing efficiency lmao it 's a sad day .
one other thing to note is that the macro did n't seem to require any left clicking at all it 's presumably all key presses while hovering a link because i know the macro worked by just tapping it without any mouse clicks .
it is n't ctrl left click basically that works on links but not on refresh page and that also requires left clicking the mouse .
searched around for this already and it sounds like people are having a similar issue to what i 'm having .
while collecting his debt from strauss i went to grab the drink off the table the son made when the father tried to choke me so i killed him .
i got the money out of the chest at the end of the kid 's bed and i just now got the tip for the home robbery from some prisoner that i freed .
i went back to the home and the kid is n't on the bed like everybody else has been saying .
i looted the chest on the side of the house and i do n't have the option to interact with the chimney .
i know for sure i did n't kill the kid so where is he and is there anything else i can loot ?
everything i 've read says that the kid should be on the bed and say something like i 'm ready this time '' and then he attacks you and i do n't think there 's anything else i can get from the place .
the objective wo n't get out of my log either .
no really i want the opinion of circlejerk cause fuck main sub
can mons in go park be shiny or no ?
after losing everything i had to a pyramid scheme and getting laid off from my factory job i was ready to end it all .
i had my preparations i wrote a note saying my goodbyes and i had found a decently high bridge .
as i was getting ready to jump a random passerby says yo dude have you seen this meme ? ''
out of sheer curiosity and the desire to see one last meme before i go i climbed down and went over to the man .
on his phone screen lay lord chungus my savior photoshopped onto a ps4 game box .
the sight of the chungus made me weep tears of joy and helped me realize there is meaning to this life .
my favorite memory this year was when my friend had are whole friend group over to his house and me and my other friend ran around with are shirts off screaming dude perfect while we tried to make insanely stupid basketball shots
do n't know why but i am having a lot of issues getting by the two white gates with red pillars next to them .
one is in the lumiouse city area and the other is blocking a green pipe .
i have no idea what i am missing as i 've fought nearly everyone in the world of light thing apart from the dark evil eyeball thing and what lies beyond .
it 's that time of year again happy new year from the down under hre ! !
may your new year be full of baguette and ottoblob removals and your next century be golden !
i live in europe and i want to gift a paysafecard to my us friend for the new year .
however i 'm buying it in eu currency for 100 euros .
can my friend in the us use this card even though his currency in game is handled in us dollars .
is there region lock with paysafecard on bdo or does the currency get automatically converted to us currency upon usage ?
also blizzard has just extended december by an extra day
i 'm 18 and i match with this 28 y/o lebanese woman .
she asks if i 'm busy her families visiting tomorrow so i ask her a video confirmation that she is who she is .
now i 'm otw and she says she 's gon na pick up supplies from her friend .
that sounds like some sociopath shit so i ask her what supplies to which she replies sugar and mint .
so i 'm like ok great she 's getting coke sarcastic .
anyways i go to her friends house where i 'm gon na pick her up and walk with her to her place .
she ends up holding the door for me when i get there and i go inside .
then i find out he 's a drug dealer that apparently went on tour with beyoncé .
so we 're just sitting there i 'm thinking about whether i 'm gon na get run up on or if this guys a pimp or some shit .
there end up being like seven people that come in and out buying coke .
i 'm talking with the guy setting myself up as someone no one should fuck with just in case something goes wrong and i got ta go all cowboy bebop mode .
long story short i get the dealers number because i used to be one myself and we end up leaving to her go to her place .
now i 'm thinking it 's gon na be an apartment but nope it 's a hotel .
now i heavily start getting paranoid that the guy was her security guard and that if i have sex with her i 'm gon na end up getting charged 1000 or some stupid shit .
regardless i go up with her because i like surreal experiences .
we 're chilling and everything she 's been doing drugs this entire time .
we go downstairs to the bar after she changes into her jeans .
now she 's drinking rosé which seems like a typical prostitute drink .
she apparently went to college and owns her own buisiness .
she lives in la and comes to new york for business or something ca n't remember .
now i 'm overly paranoid because of my past with drug dealing .
this is a set up 2.im boutta get charged by a pimp 3 .
she 's really beautiful intelligent and someone i want to get to know .
while we 're sitting at the bar this guy who looks just like donald glover comes in and starts dancing just like donald glover .
i 'm astonished by what 's happening because i 'm not used to sitting in a grand hotel bar with cushiony seats and donald glover dancing out of no where .
i 'm in sweatpants and a adidas hoodie surrounded by people in suits possible mob bosses and tech pioneers .
we go outside to smoke i ca n't smoke weed for a drug test and we talk .
due to my mind racing i ca n't really flirt and i 'm probably secreting a bunch of paranoid pheromones next to a phycology student who 's prolly understanding of what i 'm going through .
while we 're outside she talks about how i 'm her friend again and how she either views someone as life long friends or someone she does n't know .
then proceeds to talk about a dildo and basically she planned to use said strap on on me and rape me .
i had bisexual on my profile so makes sense .
i 'd gladly try it out but i said no because i 'm paranoid on so many levels .
so she orders another rosae etc etc i 'm ready to leave but i left my stuff upstairs .
eventually we go back up it 's 3 am now and i get my stuff ready and i 'm about to leave .
i do this really awkward thing with her hair because i 've been socially isolated from people because i think they 're possible snitches etc so i have n't been able to talk to old friends and need some physical interaction .
i plan on kissing her before i leave so i grab her neck and go for it .
she pulls away and explains that she 's flattered and brings up the friend thing .
i tell her that 's ok i just wanted to kiss you before i left .
i get my jacket on i 'm about to leave and she runs up to me and kisses me .
i 'm at the door and i ask her if she minds if i kiss her again .
she laughs and says was n't that one good .
she says i still feel you right here pointing at her lips .
when i 'm leaving i say by the way i think you 're a great person she says something along the lines of you too smiling with her beautiful smile and curly hair as she 's rolling up .
did i just miss out on a great woman or was this most likely some prostitution shit or even possibly a setup because lord my minds all over the place .
it helped me realize that i ca n't live with this paranoia and that i 'm probably fine .
tl dr met up with woman at drug dealers place .
went to her hotel room thought she could be a prostitute .
tl dr er at skribenten er træt af ‘krænkelseskulturen ' som han definere ved det eneste krænkelseskulturen kræver er en veludviklet nærtagenhed og med den kan man tilsidesætte selv strengt videnskabelige argumenter fordi man ikke 'føler ' at ens modpart har ret .
'jamen jeg synes ikke det du siger er rigtigt ... '
det kæmpe store problem ved dette debatindlæg er at det er fyldt med logiske fejlslutninger .
den mest bemærkbare er stråmands argumentet se http denstoredanske.dk/sprog religion_og_filosofi/filosofi/logik/stråmandsargument hvori skribent selv argumentere for ‘krænkelseskulturen ' og derved nemt kan besejre dem med sine argumenter .
jeg refererer til de sektioner hvor skribenten skriver som var han et medlem af krænkelseskulturen eks ‘jamen jeg føler mig krænket ' dette er en klar stråmand da han selv argumentere fra krænkelseskulturen side og derfra nemt kan ‘overvinde ' det argument .
jeg forholder mig neutralt i hvorvidt ‘krænkelseskulturen ' er til grin eller at der findes overpriviligerede mennesker som undertrykker de små .
jeg synes bare at det er bemærkelsesværdigt at et så fejlbehæftet opslag kan få 10k likes og en god mængde delinger .
men godt nytår mine svende og husk at være kildekritiske
edit3 jeg har mødt noget meget overbevisende argumentation og har ændret mening .
i know it does n't change anything but it 's better than inciting more rude or obnoxious behavior by responding directly ... and it makes me feel like i 've accomplished something .
why did the soviets recognize the kuomintang kmt as the government of china instead of the chinese communist party ?
happy new year guys made a vid of old and new clips for the year that has passed .
you can also see thumper in the background the first appearance of these guys was in the episode asspen ''
karma always goes from 1 to 0 and does n't change .
they 're not bad questions and there 's always lots of interaction in the comments .
i 've watched a while ago on youtube but i ca n't find it anywhere .
nothing to complicated a good balance of campaign and multiplayer achievements and a few fun ones like 5 roadkills .
compared to the grindfest that was battlefield 1 achievements this is a cakewalk .
i wish more games were more reasonable like this !
why do many muse fans dislike drones some of the songs on the album are my favourite muse songs .
yummy small bite dessert ideas for the perfect party https preview.redd.it/jn9leluowm721.jpg ? width=640 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=2058be55dd86e33c3f15748c64dc543ab01bc16e
about so yummy so yummy brings you fun food ideas and recipes for your cooking and baking adventures .
we believe that home cooking should always be fun interesting and easy to do !
i 'm available to review your common app supplement essay !
i like to give tons of comments 10-30 comments per essay and everyone that i have helped told me my comments are extremely helpful i have experience from editing tons of papers at school and i was accepted to northwestern ed .
if you want me to still read your essay because of the time i put in to each one i am charging a small fee paid via venmo or paypal .
i am currently charging 5 for common app essays and 2 for supplements .
if you feel this price is way too high or have multiple essays you want me to read please pm me and we can discuss a lower more manageable price for you .
note i know there are people editing for free and you may feel this is unfair however i am putting deep thought into each essay .
if you feel this is not okay please do n't leave negative comments just ignore this post and keep going
i know softs do n't carry as much weight as lsat/gpa but was curious to see if anyone had insight as to how much legal experience is factored into admission ?
i have 7 years of legal experience an associate degree in paralegal studies and a few law-related volunteer activities .
i take the lsat in jan but my lsac gpa is 3.63 .
5 years ago i never thought id have this problem infact id probably think of it as insanely ridiculous to call it a problem .
i currently have sexual relationships with three different woman but mainly two .
i have stopped pursuing them though but waiting until they 're coming to me but i cant for some reason say no .
i kind of hate this cause i spened a lot of time cuddling up next to her .
but not nearly as much as pmo did not even close .
but i need some advicee on how to do this without being a total dickwad by pushing anyone away .
nothing to complicated a good balance of campaign and multiplayer achievements and a few fun ones like 5 roadkills .
compared to the grindfest that was battlefield 1 achievements this is a cakewalk .
i wish more games were more reasonable like this !
no one invited me out so i 'm looking to pass the time by playing some payday .
we can do stealth or loud go for achievements idc i just wan na forget about not being out
i was a cod fanboy throughout my high school years and was looking for a shooter to satisfy my itch while also expanding my horizons a bit with rpg games .
i 'm level 9 currently only like 8 hours max into the story mode missions and i am absolutely hooked .
this game is incredibly immersive and i have to force myself off my ps4 to go to bed .
the only slight problem i have is with the npc enemies .
i 'm currently soloing the story none of friends want to play anything else but fortnite and initially had trouble taking on multiple enemies .
but that trouble has passed and now i 'm pretty confident soloing just about anything the game throws my way although now it feels a little too easy to take on big groups of enemies .
last night i put in four hours of gaming and did n't come close to dying once when i should have at least two or three times .
i specifically remember a jtf checkpoint mission where i got flanked by a rioter due to my own tunnel vision but the flanking rioter missed every single shot from almost point blank range .
obviously i was happy he missed at the time but as my session went the npc 's accuracy definitely started pulling me out of the immersion .
cleaner turrets missing every shot miss when i pop out of cover rioters outflanking me only to stand there and spray around me .
it felt like i accidentally turned on god mode or something .
did anyone else have this problem early in the game ?
obviously i still had fun but i enjoy working a little bit harder during the missions and being a bit more tactical avoiding gunfire/out-maneuvering enemies .
would turning up the difficulty be solution to this ?
so basically my brother has not seen his daughter for about 5 years due to his ex wife making difficult and them living in different states he in nc her in fl .
about a year ago he was informed that his child support for his daughter has stopped because the she was no longer in the care of his ex wife .
after calling around to different friends and family of his ex to try and find out where his daughter was and who 's care she was now he finally had the police go do a wellness check on the child .
police confirmed that the child was safe at the last know address for his ex wife and her family .
days later he finally gets in contact with the ex wife 's current husband or brother not sure which and they informed him that she is on some type of mission trip out if the country .
since his ex wife is very religious he just accepts it and moved on .
fast foward a year and my brother tries to get into contact with his daughter/ex for the holidays but has no luck .
he decides to google her to find maybe some new contact information instead he finds her mugshot .
she is doing 3 years 2 to go for a fraud related crime .
so he has been lied to the entire time and the exs current husband has had custody of the child and no one bothered to tell him .
my brother and his current wife now want custody of his daughter
the daughter has not had a relationship with him since she was around 3yo .
i believe they have been to court for custody and the ex wife was awarded full custody i could be wrong about this could be some level of joint custody .
i read over the court case and the daughter was somewhat used in the ex wife 's crime that sent her to prison .
my brother plans to fly down to fl soon to really get his head around the situation .
does he have the right to take his daughter ?
not forcefully or anything but under police escort or something
saw a local news story about how busy all the museums are with people rushing to get in before they shut down .
i 'm not interested in waiting in line forever but i also have the day off .
how long would i have to wait in line to see pulse ?
this is a beta '' but characters will not be wiped on release of the server .
this server has had multiple teams working through the raids and making sure they are tuned to be interesting and difficult .
hey guys has anyone ever bought anything on vplak .
i ordered a hyperx gaming headphone a week back and i have still not recieved it .
i know it 's surprising but i have been a casual on/off player .
i know everything in the game i have over 5500 hours playing yet i ca n't seem to leave archon and i have no idea what i 'm doing wrong .
kinda sad to see people from 2015 2016 make it in the tournaments while i 'm stuck
i 'm confused about a few things so i thought i would put them all in a post here .
i understand not identifying as either but what are the others ?
are you fine with people making 'gay ' jokes ?
do you think some people are lgbt because it is cool/do you think it is almost a fad atm ?
i am 24 year old been smoking about 10 years straight almost everyday .
i had a wierd experience a couple days ago that made me put my habits into perspective .
ive decided to quit cold turkey my smoking and drinking habits all together .
my main concern is my anxiety and im starting to feel it when im by myself my heart raises and my mind starts to raise .
i would describe what goes on in my head as when the tv is in a buggy state .
anyone has any suggestion i wuld highly appreciate it thank you all
i am doing a research project focusing on the 2014 ebola outbreak in liberia .
however taking a closer look at the data for the total number of cases the number does not always increase as time passes .
although the general trend is up the individual values do not .
i know for a fact that the person does not have any diseases .
i 28 f am not sure what my ... .boyfriend 27 m and i are anymore .
almost 10 years later we have always remained friends and we have been exclusive for the past year .
within the past year there have been instances where he becomes overwhelmed and depressed .
i can tell the instant i hear the tone of his voice or look him in the eye that it will be a bad week . ''
the last time he felt seriously depressed he told me i was n't helping him and that he needed space .
a few days later he says he is ready to talk and we sit down and he tells me he is going to see a doctor the following week i have always encouraged him to go speak to someone .
whenever i asked him if he went to the doctor he said he changed his mind and was going to see the counselor at his job .
as long as he 's trying to help himself i 'm happy .
when i asked him what happened with the counselor he said that he misunderstood and that the counselor was just someone to refer you to a specific person to talk to .
okay ... ... then he decides to tell me he does n't want to talk to anyone .
that he 's done it before and he does n't want to do it again .
about a week ago he told me he wanted to take me on a nice date that night that we have n't spent quality time together .
of course i was excited planning my outfit getting my makeup done etc .
a few hours before he texts me that he does n't feel good .
i told him i would understand if he was n't feeling up for it even though of course i was upset i wanted to be supportive .
he then texts me saying he was going to lay down and not to wait for him .
that he would let me know if he leaves his house . ''
i called him and texted him saying i was worried and that he did n't have to talk to me i just wanted to make sure he was alive basically .
after threats of just showing up at his house he finally responded i 'm alive .
i just dont know what to say to you .
i said nothing back and it has been a week since .
i am trying to give him space but my heart is breaking .
when we first started dating he was literally everything i ever dreamed of .
made me so happy i could trust him and he treated me like a queen .
now he is ghosting me making me feel like i do n't matter .
i know he is not in the right mindset but i dont know what to do at this point .
i am giving him space but i do n't know what point is it going to get to from not hearing from him that i go crazy .
should i talk to his family or friends whom all i 've known for 10 years as well ?
i 'm getting up to day 40 and from what i 've realized each day my urge to masturbate has reduced tremendously the past few days like i ca n't remember the last i felt like i was having urges and wanted to relapse it 's been awhile and i 'm not getting horny from the site of girls on instagram anymore i just kind of see them with a blank expression or completely ignore what they look like entirely and before you say delete instagram to help that ai n't happening .
i 'm in high school and i 'm still a teenager i 've masturbated almost daily for the past 3 years it started off innocent enough until it turned into a full blown addiction and i never even realized it .
now without it i 'm starting to feel more like myself again more conscious and more social .
i do n't think masturbation addiction has taken a huge toll as i 'm still pretty young but that 's does n't mean i 'm gon na start fapping again
tbh i started this because of the benefits i 've heard life and music has become more enjoyable i have a lot more energy now than i did when i masturbated constantly i have started to talk to girls more and they 've started to talk to me .
my social anxiety and my brain fog are lifting by the day .
and one thing i 've noticed more attraction to personality seriously i 'm ngl i 've always liked girls by how they looked and personality was another key factor but now personality has taken over every other factor .
and when it comes to some people despite how good they look i do n't develop any crushes or feelings for them mainly because of how their personality is .
i want somebody who 's going to make me happy and somebody that i 'm going to be able to make happy without having my soul sucked out of me maybe it 'll come idk maybe the right person will come around .
there is this one girl that i 've actually kind of planned on talking to i met her in one of my classes last year i found her pretty cute but also nice but when i learned she had a boyfriend i decided to see her only as a friend but now she 's single only problem is i have n't talked to her since last school year and i 'm a person of opportunity so i 'm just waiting for that moment to start talking to her again .
but if that does n't happen hopefully somebody will show up somewhere but with nofap i feel like that 's more plausible than before .
sorry for writing a fucking essay but i needed to let all of that shit out .
so i 've been coming back to the game recently with being on winter break and all but i 've noticed i 've consistently had quite a large imbalance in my games .
i 'm at archon 3 and i 've had games with 2 ancient 1 players on the opposing along with legend or archon players while my team was all archons and vice versa where i 'm on that side .
is this a result of some changes in matchmaking or just a lack of players ?
i play in the na region and it does n't bother me too much but it can be clear in the skill difference in matches .
i see some people trying to discuss the validity of the white bear '' theory .
if there is a direct connection between the episodes or not you have to realize that there has to be an explanation for the supposed time travel stefan does and how it 's possible he can remember information from previous runs that he should n't have been able to know .
black mirror never included anything supernatural in an episode .
also every black mirror episode takes place in the future while bandersnatch takes place in the past .
the choice symbol '' aside these two facts should make you realize that there has to be more behind the episode unless black mirror completly changes its genre which i highly doubt it will .
if it 's directly related to white bear or just another cookie vr-torture thing it 's definitely more than it seems and the theories are very likely to have some truth to them .
i think there 's a good chance bandersnatch will have some sort of reference in season 5 that will clear things up or even make us feel the consequences of our choices but it 's pretty clear the writers were playing a game with us .
seeing if we would go ahead and torture these cookies '' ourselves eventhough most people found it cruel when it happened in other episodes .
maybe there will be a statistic on how many people went ahead and restarted to increase his suffering .
maybe netflix will even mark profiles that did this and give them an altered black mirror episode in the future depending on their decision .
i definitely doubt this is the last thing we will see of bandersnatch .
ya so i just saw the new deleter stuff a bit late ik ... then i felt that it was just a better version of narukami ...
the trial deck can bind anything on hit not just front row and does it in a way that is n't beneficial to gc .
not trading caps for armors looking for armor trades for those looking for 3 right arms
does anybody know if you can get a higher three point than 75 with a rebounding stretch four ?
imagine if you will being able to use gunblade with viral/radiation and a pistol that 's corrosive/blast without the hitching and clunk current gunblade wielding has .
found my old omega ruby and wanted to do a monotype run on it with dragons !
i really want to use a deino as it 's my favorite but you ca n't get one until really late in the game ... would anyone trade me one please ?
this post is a container for the removed comment below .
i am not an addict but i 've had 2 addicts in my life one was an alcoholic who 's been sober over 13 years and my sister is a meth addict .
i use to want to help my sister there was a point where i was willing to beat up her boyfriend for beating her but now i 'm greatful that i did n't .
just when i thought she was getting better and we were mending our strained relationship she stole from me and racked up my phone bill to 4000 by stealing my sim card and pawning off my tablet .
over the years my anger turned into hatred when i reflected over the years and my stance turned addiction from a disease to a choice because every addict in my life made their choice my sister chose drugs over me and the other person chose their family .
my sister apologize to me before she went to rehab i was civil and i held back my hatred for my moms sake .
i can not forgive her and i hate her i 'm wondering am i alone ?
if a therapist licensed as a clinical social worker breaks confidentiality even if they feel it 's justified are they required to tell you ?
i 'm currently studying chemical engineering but since completing my first race .
i have been around sports my whole life but triathlon has my life .
i am wondering what careers/degrees would help me get into the sports field triathlon specifically .
i 'm sure i did n't imagine it because my brother remembers the scene and it 's more messed up than what i usually imagine .
in the narrator 's monologue at the end of episode 10 he says kiki 's death was the first shot of the drug war . ''
but i find that a little hard to believe .
they made it seem like the us government had been caught off guard and were now fighting a war they did n't even know exists but the cia and other government agencies had long been operating in latin america ... right ?
i 'm amatuer 3 need help getting a positive record in park current record 210-238 i keep getting paired with really bad people .
instead of just measuring how many steps you take it also measures how often you have to get up immediately after sitting down .
in the winter we let the kid play in the basement .
in a year they 'll be strong enough to hit stuff .
any ideas to protect the equipment in the image short of framing it in behind a wall/door ?
udyr is without a doubt one of the funnest champs to play but my biggest problem with him is his dated visuals .
anyone know of future plans for the dyr from our father riot ?
it was kindve like a dog tamagotchi game where you had to regularly check in and play with the dog
you would also throw balls and the dog would retrieve them that 's about all i remember
i 'm luna and i just want to thank you all for stopping by !
i am an active member of r/writingprompts and have had my own subreddit for a little while now .
the main point of this post is just so that you all can easily find my different stories .
another way to recieve updates and to talk to us in real time .
graith a simple farmer discovers a dying dragon in his barn .
while others would kill the monster he does n't hesitate in doing his best to aid her .
before zel is even fully healed she wants to get back to her cave and to her clutch of eggs .
finding out they have been taken graith and zel travel across the continent looking for the eggs seemingly always one step behind .
in the country of situra where the future ruler is chosen by a dragon hatchling nerie is a 16 year old girl raised in the middle district of the capitol roria .
during the hatching nerie is chosen by kiriga the golden dragonling .
learning that she is the king 's bastard she is thrown into a chaotic palace life where she has to balance learning to be queen being bonded to a dragon and where she fits into the royal family all the while trying to keep true to herself .
in the aftermath of a nuclear apocalypse derick and his father travel through the wastes .
before the day the bombs dropped derick had won a lifetime supply of oreos .
mysteriously oreos still find their way to him no matter where he and his father travel .
one day they receive and open package beckoning them to the oreo factory in new jersey .
they decide to go leading to a doomed fate .
when an angel of the christian god winds up in their realm persephone and her husband hades are thrown into a war they never expected .
something is killing gods and to save not only themselves but all the pantheons of religion they must work with the archangels and whoever else they can devote to their cause .
dragon knight a prompt response that i am going to continue at some point .
memories if you 're part of r/writingprompts you might remember a contest a while back !
i made it into the top 10 and this is the continuation of it .
writing prompt pretty self explanatory but any prompts i respond to i post here with my responses
image prompt same as writing prompt but with an image !
musings thing 's i write that are not prompt inspired and are not part of a larger work .
blog posts or other posts where i am talking to you !
i love feedback and i want to know what you want to read more of !
i 've had multiple manic episodes about 1 per year in the past 3 years my most recent one being the worst .
i lost my job that i had for over a year and a half posted crazy posts on social media and got arrested for damaging property with a car but luckily the charges were dropped because my lawyer used my history with mental illness and a past of no criminal history to get the charges dropped .
i chose to go unmedicated the entire last 3 years because i initially started out with my first bout of psychosis 5 years ago right after i graduated college .
that first episode i was hospitalized left me broken and hating psychiatry because i was in inpatient involuntarily and was never violent my family brought me in but i had a horrible experience in the hospital and felt like i was treated like an animal .
since that initial loss of touch with reality i swore off psychiatric drugs because i felt like they messed with my personality and made me numb .
the same process repeated itself the following year and i self medicated with marijuana and alcohol because i did n't want to accept the fact that i had an illness .
right before my first episode in 2013 i worked really hard to graduate from a prestigious college and right when i was about to start my life i lost my mind .
but i thought i could overcome without meds after reading a lot of anti-psychiatry material on the internet so i persisted .
fast forward to now my two psychosis experiences were already traumatic enough now i 've had three manic episodes the past three years .
my last one was the most devastating because prior to it i managed to eliminate my alcohol usage lost weight and kept a job for the longest period of time without having a major episode .
and this manic episode i went to jail for the first time i still have flashbacks even though it was only a few days and it lasted for months because unlike my previous manic episodes that were contained because i was hospitalized by my family this manic episode drove me to an intense anger towards everyone around me and i was articulate enough to avoid being hospitalized against my will .
this last manic episode lasted 4 months from june till about october and now i 'm experiencing the most devastating depression and anxiety i 've ever had ... and to make it worse i 've even had suicidal ideation for the first time in my life .
i 've been using marijuana the last two months to numb myself and escape the devastating reality of how messed up my life has become but i realized i do n't even get high anymore and i was scared that i might slip into another mania but that sounds way better than how defeated and like a vegetable i feel .
i stopped smoking weed this week but i 'm desperate for some emotional relief from these distressing negative thoughts ...
after reading all this you are probably thinking that how could i still be unmedicated ?
i 've been wondering that everyday for the past couple of weeks but it 's mainly due to my belief that i already feel cognitively weaker my memory feels horrible and even the quality of my writing in this post frightens me because i used to be able to write at a higher level with less effort .
all i read about on this sub and other things online is how psych meds are notorious for reducing cognition and other side effects that are similar to what i 'm experiencing .
i want to get out of this hopeless loop of episodes but i 'm afraid to go through the trial and error experimentation process of finding the correct meds because i already feel so horrible as is and i ca n't imagine being worse off than this in my head .
my thoughts are jumbled incredibly self loathing i fumble over simple decisions daily i forget words and ca n't remember a lot of things constantly ...
if it were n't for my family i 'd be homeless right now .
i ca n't focus at all on looking for a job anymore and skipped interviews because i knew i would stumble over words and felt like my horrible self confidence would leak through .
i get thoughts of i 've broken my mind how can i go on like this my life is passing me by that wo n't get out of my head .
i have flashbacks of the trauma of being in county jail for three nights in solitary confinement the embarrassing way i got fired from my job and how i pushed away one of my best friends from college .
can medication help with the thoughts of despair and not being able to think straight ?
do i have to live with the fact that i was a young fool the past 5 years to reject meds ?
i 'm 29 now and i want a future for myself but i 'm so afraid i 've done irreversible damage and do n't know how to move forward .
i 've even read on here about the scientific studies that show that repeated manic episodes cause brain damage ... my family thinks i 'm overthinking it because i 've always been smart so they think i will just bounce back like i have before but they do n't understand how broken i feel .
this is my first post on this sub and the most vulnerable i 've been with this struggle on the internet so i appreciate any feedback ...
i know these tips would work much better if you 're in a party or at bare minimum talking to your teammates but let me at least give everybody some advice on safeguard anyways .
type a people escorting the robot if you 're on offense and people destroying the robot on defense .
when i say slayers i 'm not talking about spawn trapping the enemy team and solely aiming for kills .
i 'm talking about people flanking the enemy while they destroy the robot or people pushing toward the next choke point whether on offense or defense .
most maps for safeguard will have 3 choke points where it 's difficult to escort and easy to sit back and pick off enemies escorting .
usually like open lanes or at least there 's a line of sight the defensive players can easy aim down .
i made a crappy example here with frequency http imgur.com/gallery/y0jx0mj .
if you 're escorting the robot you want teammates pushing past the robot to obtain map control .
if you 're destroying the robot you want to either flank the people escorting or try your best to gain map control .
lock up a lane or two if you can so the enemy team is forced to go another preferably longer route to reach the robot .
you should have the other 4 teammates trying to gain map control .
on defense have one maybe two people sitting back and destroying the robot/shooting people straight on and have the other teammates flank or get kills to gain map control or simply act as diversion .
it was my favorite game mode in bo3 and i was extremely happy when they added it to bo4 .
but i keep seeing people even my friends not understand how to strategically play the game .
sometimes it 's best to wait a second for your teammates to get map control before trying to escort .
much like in domination where you do n't just hop on top of the b flag before gaining map control
can anyone recommend me any local indi/pop punk bands no one super big and if you have contact info even better
i 'm trying to sleep and i 'll just be sitting there thinking what if there 's a killer hiding under my bed ? does n't that thing outside the window look like a person starring at me ? why does it feel like someone is looking at me ?
i tried ctrl+f searching through the megathreads and stuff but it was missing a couple of things like how to get decent sized extra bag slots earlier on if bank storage is a thing/when to access it and stuff like that .
what are some tips you guys have that you wish you knew about when starting improved your experience ?
when i was a kid we loved them all .
it was n't until we got older that we started to realize they were flawed .
if you first saw them as an adult i bet you thought the movies had problems but what i want to know is did anybody see them when they were young and think they were bad ?
if so which movie and why did n't you like it ?
one more day for deadline i am really excited for the new update .
i know lapamauve is working hard but i hope he 's done working for the update .
anyone know of some good outdoor rinks im the twin cities area where they actually somewhat maintain the ice ?
after the shitty weather this past week with snow a lot of rain and then cold weather and a lil bit of snow the rinks i 've been to so far have been very choppy and bumpy .
besides the oval what are some pretty decent ones that are n't overly crowded like the one by rice park ?
city black 26.4 would be 32 without the 4 point game vs lonzo ppg high 47 vs wizards 43 vs celtics
hi just wanted to start by saying thanks for reading even if you have nothing to say .
i 'm amab and i 've been dysphoric pretty much as long as i can remember and dissociated since mid-late puberty as a result .
i was always bullied in school for being rather sensitive and emotional and having rather feminine interests but this reached a new level when i was about 16 and started growing my hair out and straightening it and dressing rather androgynously i was too socially anxious due to the bulling to consider actually transitioning but this helped me manage the dysphoria and the suicidal ideation it was creating .
it was mostly just homophobic name calling at first ramping up to minor assaults and theft of my stuff finally culimating in a sexual assault i just told my parents that i 'd gotten into a fight .
it was quite difficult to even write that it 's oddly more easy than otherwise given the dissociation/derealisation though .
i cut my hair short right down to a buzz cut stopped what little shaving i was doing suppressed any feminine mannerism or feeling that i had and started dressing in a way that was masculine but covering .
i 'm now 23 and i 'm starting to breakdown mentally and emotionally due to the dysphoria the lingering trauma of the assault and my growing drug/alcohol habbit that i 've developed to deal with the dysphoria on a day to day basis .
i know that to alleviate it i 'd have to transition but the association between acting feminine and thus transition and trauma seems to be more or less fixed in my mind and i have no idea how to get over it .
has anyone else gone through anything even vaugely similar and managed to overcome it ?
anything would be helpful i 'm genuinely at my breaking point here .
i 'd like to thank you again though for reading just being able to write this feels like a release of pressure on my mind given that i 've really never spoken about this to anyone else .
why is it that religious individuals so often believe that you have to accept their beliefs in this life or you are in trouble ?
like why is my spiritual path any less valid than that of the believer ?
i do n't know if a single highly religious individual who considers my spiritual path at least as valid as their own .
i split an arma chest with him yesterday 21.3m and he scammed me today
the bounce function always renders a stereo or interleaved two files and cmd e does the job for mono rendering .
i 'm posting this hint as i did a lot of single channel recordings and always had to remove one channel later .
i ca n't even smell his poop he 's never musked on me and never struck at me .
i 'm not from us so i did n't understand what 's going on .
the immediate response and lack of any need for a downshift while also giving you full torque mean that at any reasonable street or highway speed evs are crazy more responsive .
unless you 're going 80-120mph on the autobahn which some people do but probably not the vast majority of car buyers on the planet or speeding on the highway this is total nonsense .
power does n't even start to drop off on performance teslas until you 're over 60mph until then the power is increasing not decreasing and from 60-80mph you 're still putting down more power than 99.99 of cars on the road .
if you 're tracking the car on a high speed track this might be a legitimate issue but not for a street car .
my v6 accord has plenty of power for a family sedan and honestly probably a little too much for the tires it 's running but the most obvious difference between it and my model 3 is that when i floor it on the highway it has to wait for the transmission to downshift whereas the model 3 just goes .
only a completely insane person would think it 's a negative that the ev just puts the power down immediately .
my old pdk equipped porsche was almost as quick and there 's a certain fun to hearing the shifts but even then it was n't as fast at putting down power and the vast majority of normal automatics are n't anywhere close to a pdk .
how long did it take you to get him up to 7 mile runs ?
the sad part about it is that court-ordered rehab facilities are pure shit .
re-entry and focused rehabilitation is great supposed to be the primary points of our justice system .
sadly we sanction a few paid facilities that are more worried about income than actual rehabilitation of patients .
a toaster would have at least two more pixels .
since the original question asked which rosewater considered the better idea there is a correct answer .
rosewater just decided to pass the question to readers instead of giving it .
it 's one of those things most will just have to suck it up and deal with .
it used to be that i thought that it was impossible that every single job i had would be littered with saboteurs because it 's got to be extremely complex to set up these people to bother one person wherever they go .
apparently it 's reasonably easy to do based on the prevalence .
i 've said it before but at work we tend to have to rely on others completely to perform our daily functions this is what makes us vulnerable .
all it takes is one mistake '' or slip of the mind '' to completely make one 's day a complete nightmare .
once i had a customer come in smoking while i was filling her propane .
when i asked her to put it out she laid the cigarette on top of her car which was parked next to the bulk propane tank !
another guy came with a lighter and asked me if i needed a light so i could see down there jesus lol .
he asked me 3 times and acted as if he was going to strike it .
one would follow me around despite having her own work to do .
since we each had our own desk whatever i was doing on mine she would mimic and do on hers even if ours tasks were completely different .
i got used to it because after a while it seemed completely funny .
however when i started bringing mine she just so happened to have the same exact container which she placed on top of the work microwave empty to be sure i 'd see it .
when she left work that day she did n't put it in her purse but in her hand as she left .
but she made sure to converse with me and kept thrusting this container at me .
you have to see this shit to understand how it is no coincidence at all .
there is a common theme though for me anyway .
all my harassing co-workers were always really trashy sorts on any job i 've had .
always act all nice and outgoing at first to trick you into a sense of false security and comfort .
then one day you have a wtf moment with them and it 's all downhill .
note if it 's ever your boss i 'd really advise just quitting if you can .
a co-worker has no authority over you but a boss can cause lasting trauma that outweighs the financial gain .
you mentioned 2016 ... .which is when my job troubles started .
before then i also held down work and went to college for years with no issues .
bo3 has the same issue so dont expect it to be fixed anytime soon
not only launchers i was having fun with hardware and kinetic overload i think im allowed to use my base as i please .
i see their side but there was not legit reasoning as they objective was being covered by the base anyways i just placed it off to the side instead .
they were being dicks for the sake of being dicks .
this raises the question of how the falcon did what it did .
my guess is that han disabled whatever safety mechanism prevents you from crashing into a planet this way as it seems pretty obvious that starkiller base has gravity .
and that 's why holdo had to be on the ship to ram the first order fleet .
hyperspace drives come with failsafe systems to prevent accidents in case the crew passes out or is otherwise unable to interact with the ship 's systems .
only a sentient can keep the failsafe systems off allowing to ram through hyperspace .
the hyperdrive would just not kick in without the intervention of the crew .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate to paint everyone with one brush but usually when i see people with the english flag around here in england i tend to assume they 're a get out of are country support ukip and brexit '' sort of person and avoid at all costs .
do n't feel the same about the union flag though .
edit just before anyone says anything i used are '' instead of our '' to mock the far right nutjobs who ca n't spell but claim to be more english than you
it does n't take any more time than pulling through a a drive through if you learn literally basic cooking skills .
if you have time to have a reddit account you have time to cook a chicken breast .
daft punk has been around and popular for 24 years ? ? ?
i thought they were only big for 10 years .
i 'm genuinely looking forward to seeing what the pacers can do in the playoffs when they do n't have to come up against lebron fucking james .
with better discounts or a better banner that would have been possible
i just have n't seen enough people get hyped about hit .
with a better banner and let 's say 25/40/50 multi discount i still only see dokkan youtubers summoning just so they have content .
if there is a deal than trump ca n't fuck germany which he has a hard on for since tariffs would have to be equal .
if there is no deal than he can still fuck germany .
i think he 's making a living out of being weirdly posh .
i 've definitely seen a clip of him telling some ex page 3 girl that going to breakfast at a hotel and doing the school run in pyjamas was unacceptable .
it 's not stupid actually that behaviour is way more common than many of us realise .it 's funny how these silliest of silly things get to our nerves
if i was to introduce it i 'd say probably 250,000 gold .
but really it might be better as a lesser artefact .
ie no price and a major story quest to get one .
as a gm i would n't allow one in my campaign .
a less strict gm might be more open to the idea .
love this shot and looking forward to seeing more of this shoot .
i do feel like it 's a jealousy thing because we do have more money than most of them
you can think it is ridiculous someone put their 6 year old in a dior dress and then made the poor girl watch while everyone else played because of the dress without being chewed up in jealousy they can afford a dior dress .
i have clothes i 'd rather my kids not ruin because they are their good '' clothes but you know what ?
they run around and have fun and sometimes ruin their nice dress .
my kids are people not dolls to be dressed up .
they also could have just asked the other kids to play inside so she could have played with them .
maybe there is a reason they do n't like being around you that have nothing to do with money or envy .
no one likes a stuck up entitled snob and that is kinda what you are sounding like .
so all the other kids have to miss out on playing outside because one girl 's mother does n't want a precious dress ruined ?
if there is a disability or a genuine reason their cousin ca n't play outside yes i would tell my kids to play with them inside for at least part of the time .
but no way would i tell them they ca n't play outside on the playground because my sister/cousin/whoever is being precious about her kid 's fucking dress .
no way does my kid have to miss out on being a kid because my sister/cousin/whoever decided to dress a kid in a white dress .
and do people eating inside have to listen to screaming kids running around for the sake of your precious dior dress ?
lady let me be blunt with you it 's just a fucking dress .
if you are that worried about it maybe you ca n't afford it as easily as you think you can ... ...
did we develop an entire new way of talking since then ? ?
i figured that lessons would be worth their weight .
but it 's not in the books for this season .
i already put trying snowboarding off for 5 years cause of family reasons .
well divorce is done and i have the time but money is tight .
so you 're going to get in a fight with the police and shoot up a small town in the pnw ?
he just hated females saw them as sex objects and the police did n't want to investigate him .
rose was totally lucid for all of the crimes they committed and still is .
he groomed her when she was 15 and he was double her age .
they killed and sexually abused kids and young women because of their extreme sense of entitlement and illegal sexual desires .
try hollow knight if you love everything that makes dark souls so great .
try sitting on the sheen/phage and finish up another item like dd or steraks .
remaining 1500 gold to finish tri is over half the cost for steraks and attack speed is kinda meh on illaoi imo .
i started a month before i turned 18 because school districts across the country and even a state do not have a standardized cutoff for kindergarten starts .
for example my friend whose birthday is less than a week after mine graduated from high school a year later .
and sometimes kids skip a grade and graduate a year early .
it was a little bit of a hassle to go away to college before i was 18 though .
my parents had to sign a lot of stuff .
i 'm not in the uk but i follow trl on instagram .
that looks like a damn good deal to me .
have you considered getting one of their motech editions ?
the extra cost can be incorporated into the finance deal .
hoor het graag is a less formal version of i look forward to hearing from you .
i honestly wouldnt mind if mercy was meta as long as she wasnt a must pick the most horrible part about her being a must pick was the awfulness of having to push people into playing her at the start of the match knowing that if we dont have one its a guaranteed loss .
now it 's a louboutin shoe what 's next ?
the problem with otherkin is that too often it 's almost impossible to see if it 's satire just from the post .
you 'd need to do some research on the person 's account to know for sure .
i doubt that the man who wanted to form a global intergovernmental organization that would lay the foundation for the united nations to come into being decades later was a nationalist .
imagine lauding the managings techniques of man who 's only legit accomplishment was getting sacked for getting cardiff relegated over mourinho who is one of the greatest managers of all time .
after beating the worst form teams in the pl thinks hes a mastermind
she is patient and understands range a lot of wmma still are n't playing with range the way the men do but holly is an obvious one who does .
it 's hard not to say advantage nunes right now but holm would be an interesting match up style wise .
it only happens to me with pumps and i should n't be penalized for it .
other people do it and have no problem it 's a huge skill cap for me .
it should n't give me pump delay cause that 's clientside and then have hit reg serverside .
on fb there are players who say that scarab became nerf and that he no longer gives extra loot .
from the moment they took pictures and became known scarab became nerf
first i was was the nonsense with the santa now this ?
well is it more expensive to stifle it or burn it faster ?
i love how at the start you see a slight green haze and then the camera moves
our first bonding after being busy this past few months .
may all of you have prosperous and be motivated for the upcoming year to come .
when you are an adult you should be able to decide on your own .
dezember ist die dauer eines lichten tages um etwa 3 minuten gestiegen und in keinster weise wie in dem vom op besprochen umfang .
ist wohl eher auf besseres wetter oder subjektive wahrnehmung zurückzuführen .
tl dr artikkelin kirjoittaja listaa kulttuurillisia huomioita perhedynamiikasta suomalaisen ja amerikkalaisen kulttuurin välillä .
kirjoittaja on huomannut useita omasta elämästä puuttuvia dynamiikkoja kuten ylenpalttisen ulkonäön huolehtimisen perheensisäisessä voimasuhteissa ja harmittelee miten rankaisevia yhdysvaltojen terveydenhoitopalvelut ovat sekä miten turvattoman tuntuinen yhteiskunta on .
kirjoittajaa myös vähän oudosti nolottaa että ei ole joutunut elämään elämäänsä tiukkojen sukupuolinormien alla havaiten tämän etuoikeudeksi '' .
toisaalta kirjoittajaa nolotti että hän on aina se outo nudistivanhempi '' joka käy omien lasten kanssa saunassa joten viesti jää hieman hämäräksi tämän osalta vaikka se on kantava teema artikkelissa .
i do n't know if i enjoyed it as much as 2017 but it was n't bad at all .
i managed to go on holiday four times which made up for the fact that the last holiday i had before that was at the end of summer 2016 .
i got a job that is pretty stressful but more well paid than any job i 've had .
i 'm not breaking the bank but i 've just always had jobs that did n't pay much more than minimum wage .
the only thing that was a bit of a slump this year compared to last was my love life but that can change .
i have n't done any research on it so maybe you 're right idk
