yeah this is definitely more common when traffic is bad .
i think i see it happen more during the winter though .
i belong to a list on fb that basically seeks to empower and uplift women .
they asked the women to please share their small businesses so perhaps the others could support them .
fortunately the mods are wise and they specified no mlms .
i 'm sure that pissed off more than a few people but the truth hurts .
i have no idea how to process preseason games in relation to real games but nugs look pretty good
there are so many instances of key info from a call not getting passed to the responding officers by dispatch .
all that being said how does someone not know their watch called 911 after they 've fallen ?
it makes a sound vibrates does a countdown and then dials and you 're now talking to someone on your watch .
it 's become more and more of a thing .
i do n't know whether you should tell him the real reason you 're breaking up with him or not i guess that 's up to you .
also didnt realize almost all cpus come with integrated anyway haha
it 's pseudo random so if you hit creeps and do n't get a crit or bash then hit something more likely to get it but realistically in a game there is pretty much no time to do it
i still get my japanese culture fix watching nhk channel .
nu-metal is like 99.999 garbage with maybe 5 good albums coming out of the genre .
i guess we both play mystery heroes every tuesday for loot boxes and this person ends up in my games every week .
btw if you avoid someone but do n't get out of the queue they can end up right back on your team .
i 've noticed that i have to actually leave the queue and then go back in before the avoid takes effect .
they provide their sources for the information they provide .
they are n't claiming to be right without anything to back them and telling you they 're right .
what 's irresponsible about owning and actually calling out their own mistakes an episode ?
irresponsible is if they do n't admit them and let their shows stand on their own without an episode calling out many of their own mistakes .
i 'm always happy seeing something like this being restored rather than rotting away in the yard of some broke hoarder .
congrats you 've been on reddit 10 days and you 're already well on your way to ruining it for everyone xoxo
this was in my thread and i like to read through my old threads when i 'm bored sometimes
some people like different celestial bodies more than others .
idk but i want one ... it 's the start of things .
i went down the list if someone convicted or plead guilty to a crime under i tallied it under their party .
also is flynn a democrat because that was wikipedia says .
too bad absol is so glassy and hard to get candy for .
dude i 'm not having this conversation with you .
i 've looked at your posting history and you 're very clearly set in your thinking .
which again is fine but i think it 's damaging to the greater population and only serves to elevate the select minority within your country .
i 'm not american i have no say in your politics i have an opinion on them but no say .
i have an opinion on your opinions that 's the end of it .
you should be able to find wool navy surplus under 100 us .
that if we were going underwater in lakes we were supposed to wear nose clips .
man you really downplay the war between feh fans and mekkkah .
over half the world 's population died during it most people had no idea what was even going on .
mangs torn between him being a feh fan and mekkkah 's friend split into two different beings .
they killed each other after learning they 'd have to share the patreon .
after mekkkah became prime minister of the netherlands and won world war 3 uniting all of europe under the dutch empire few stood against him .
if not for president of the united states chiki feh players would n't have risen up !
in truth he was insulted for being compared to feh fans by mekkkah .
both used ltc strats but chiki was able to eventually win and drove mekkkah away absorbing the dutch empire into america .
now america control 3/4 of the world and chiki has made himself immortal .
please anybody reading this do not a**^l l^^^o w c h**i**^k i t^o g**a**^^i n p~~o~~^^w
let me guess they got tired of telling people not to be assholes so they made a perfect excuse so they can be assholes
i 've bought that uht shit at safeway and co-op and it 's not good although it lasts a month .
i have a 5 year old and work opposite shifts of my girlfriend because we ca n't afford daycare .
i love sex but sometimes i want to use that half an hour my whole family is in the same place every day to spend time with them .
guys please she just wants to be like her sister
source i was being bullied at school pretty bad until this year .
i 'm a senior in hs now things are going great since all the assholes that were bullying me went to a different school and the ones that remained calmed down a bit .
edit i actually went through something similar last year not the horrid smells or used condoms as proof part though people were harassing me because i was going to turn 18 soon and had n't had sex yet .
i was n't even a virgin since i lost it at 15 .
you type s after something to denote sarcasm since it 's harder to tell if someone 's being sarcastic without hearing their voice .
i thought i could get away without the s and have people still understand it was sarcasm p
yeah saw snaps of my ex out partying the night before from some of her friends .
wish i at least knew she felt the same way .
from my point of view the prequels are national treasures !
the post linked here contains no one who has seen one and a search for m grip '' turned up nothing .
if you know where these are please show them to me since i have not seen them .
my guess is any difference in grip is from a machining error but i ca n't know that for sure unless i see your source .
oops to clarify it 's larry fitzgerald i edited my post .
i did n't think the cs forum would be the right place to post this since we mostly just use that to ask course-related questions .
btw u/geoffreychallen it would be great to have a section of the forum for non-academic stuff like this
non that i 'm aware of well there 's dlsite which has a slew of adult games that you can get .
bad storms it will loose signal but does not happen often .
but for real i think i 'm gon na make these t-shirts .
i think you need to really really hammer it in that it is not your fault and never has been your fault .
on the flip side it still is your responsibility to help yourself not be .
sadly we 're really the only ones who can do it for ourselves .
others can help shine a light on a path for us or maybe help us see that we might be worth more than we thought .
but a lot of it is just up to us .
it 's fucking hard when you just do n't have the necessary skills to deal with your self life and others .
do it like the light at the end of that path is inevitable .
maybe it is there 's no way to know if you do n't check it out .
gorilla glue is not the wonderdrug they claim it to be .
practice what you do now one new key at a time .
whoever told you that you 're ugly because of your nose has a particular type that they like .
the three things that stick out at me most are
1.one of your eyebrows could use just a touch of grooming on the inside .
2.your hair does n't do best when pulled back evenly .
a part to one side does better but your hairline is n't great when exposed .
i 'd look into some hairstyles which might help there .
you look a little tussled which usually means it 's time for better conditioner .
none of this is a showstopper by any means .
snl just figured we are n't on the air right now .
let the idiot get it out of his system . ''
i just finished wod in about 4 hours play time .
hella quick with rested xp and treasures including the bonus objectives
what is the point of taking them once a week when some of them takes two weeks to get the full effect ?
3 card 10 mana 20 damage can spread mana over two turns .
since your cache drive is small make sure to put your docker appdata on another unassigned '' ssd because otherwise when the cache drive fills up all sorts of bad things happen .
i care for them still do n't want to change the way i eat meat or veggies though .
and i 'm not delusional about the but i 'm only one person aspect either .
i like how it tastes and i do n't enjoy greens nearly as much .
while i agree and am abhorred how these animals are treated in some places i also understand that agriculture in and of itself is exploitation of living beings .
to me being vegan is n't saving the environment or being morally better. plants are still living things as well after all .
but in the same vein as livestock basically needing us to survive at this point many crop plants are also vastly different from their original forms just so we have food .
also my one gripe with the video is how they said that a lot of space that could be used for crops is n't is also a little vague .
as people mentioned above the things our food eats is n't the same quality or standard that we do for multiple reasons .
cows can eat things that grow where stuff we eat ca n't for example .
it 's also not evil to be patient and allow for people with brighter minds than yourself to figure out how to process biological material into edible food .
the video also does n't mention how cutting down saves anything .
that same food that is thrown out by you when you do n't eat meat is gon na be thrown out by the grocery store too .
even if everyone in the west decides to eat less meat that just means more livestock that have to be slaughtered anyway because they 're using up too much resources based on how much they 'll bring in .
on top of that is increasing demand for crops which will also drastically increase prices for those crops .
regulations state that our food has to be certain ways to protect us and the distributors from a legal and health standpoint .
what happens when all those crops that do n't sustainably feed livestock are instead processed to feed humans ?
many rejected crops actually get fed to livestock because they 're not up to human standards .
tl dr there are a ton of wheels in this particular machine and tunneling on one aspect of it is n't as wise as you might think .
out of these representatives scb will be utilizing multi-hop .
i doubt that other representatives are n't following suit .
probably ports you to either the barrens gy for a horde race or the gy in westfall for alliance since those are the default '' gys .
misterwives is also a great band that i would highly recommend to r/popheads !
hello your post has been removed because it breaks rule 4a of r/mildlyinteresting no videos .
note that only original photographs that you have taken yourself are allowed on this subreddit .
as a result this may count as an infraction .
more information can be found on our wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/wiki/index wiki_moderation_policy .
please read the sidebar hover over each rule and contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmildlyinteresting with a link to this post if you feel this was wrongfully removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mildlyinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
i go to school in indianapolis indiana but i 'm from chicago-area illinois !
i think your best bet is to start by removing her access to that info .
then after a little while you can hopefully start to hide part of your income .
still today every time someone gives me any negative feedback i 'm like i hate everythiiing even if there 's 5 sentences of positives around my 1 negative sentence .
but then i have a glass of wine or something and calm down and i 'm like yeah okay they 're right that is reasonable i should work on that and 9 times out of 10 the next time i get feedback from them they comment on how i took feedback well not knowing how crazy i was feeling initially .
anywayyy one of our first points is about how there is no emotional context for written feedback which can make it just harder to write but also to handle as the recipient .
the trainee may be reading our words in our meanest voice in their head when we really did n't mean it that way at all !
any ideas about how to sound nice while giving constructive criticism in writing ?
electronic-ish but it 's easily accessable and not so out there
it might just be a problem with their site but who knows .
i sent a support ticket but they 're taking an eon to respond hence why i resorted to reddit
being a joy killer for predicting struggles in tough games when your team just won in a dominant 4-1 scoreline..wow i am surprised you are downvoted .
i have a five year old answer to a five year old question https memerial.net/6067-i-possess-a-device-in-my-pocket
i possess a device in my pocket that is capable of accessing the entirety of information known to man .
i use it to look at pictures of cats and get in arguments with strangers . ''
oh yea and corey 's the one who 's gon na straight book on kav ' s ass !
other than this i 've been looking at the geekvape creed rta and the dead rabbit rta but this seems to be most appealing right now
not too well i know there are people with icons on here who can definitely correct me on this one but i recall the icons being slightly slimmer in the thighs and slightly looser below the knee than sds .
but that 's more detail than i can remember clearly .
i only remembered the rise thing because i was a bit surprised by the rise on the icons when i put them on .
but that would get cleared if you boot normally no ?
i would love to spend extra time with my tongue buried in that sweet perfect pussy
i tried the suggested plastic screw and it does n't fix the problem so i 've put the electrical tape and it 's already immobile .
ele is not great but not the worst probably just not enough pressure and too predictable for competitive play .
top 100 na has tons of shamans and 2 of them are ele however there is only 1 warlock who is barely in the top 100 94 .
maybe he pulled 31 to allow 32 to come in in its place ?
i 'm sure this is a collectors item to some so i dont mind keeping them for key and add offers .
invite thmpsn and we 'll see what we can do
the dollar has no intrinsic value xd it isnt gold backed anymore so its value is 100 fake .
crypto has the power to take power from every worldwide superpower and give it to the people
he could probably do more he 's still an above average defender and he had an ops over .950 in september this year .
your parents seem a little over the top but they 'll learn to let go .
when i was your age i got a cat cause i was home sick and wanted to have an animal to chill with .
fast forward five years and now my mom gets mad if i do n't bring my cat to visit when i go back home .
they will learn to let go as they see you are just building your own life .
do what makes you happy as long as it 's mostly responsible !
submissions to r/cursedimages that are similar to this one https reddit.com/r/cursedimages/comments/9kdia8 with confidence scores
about dupebro https www.reddit.com/r/dupebro/comments/973sue/what_is_dupebro_how_does_he_work_and_how_can_i click here to do a reverse search http dupebot.com/search ? url=https i.redd.it/1qoz05wwbip11.jpg
need a sexy santa outfit with mini skirt and all for dwight .
it would help to know what types of technologies are used for these sites .
i was pretty upset when i wrote that post at that time but i 'm at a good place right now .
i focus on my work and do my best .
i believe in karma and i know that goodness wins .
so i do n't let her bother me anymore .
i wonder what kind of weaponry caused that kind of damage to the helmet !
never understood this the mobile version is great i see articles i click and read .
it does n't seem cluttered everything fits on the screen really well .
most of us do n't care for the value we care that it was the first set of skins released .
i 'm not saying it should be an exclusive club for all who owns it but that it really just should n't be available again for others it just should n't .
the skins are looked up to because of the rarity and epic should most definitely keep it that way again imo .
of corse i wo n't be changing your mind or the mind of anyone else who wants the skin .
being capable of fte bursts of speed does n't make you a bullet timer .
in fact being fte is n't bullet timing at all unless its the stereotypical teleports behind you nothing personal kid situation .
also i feel like you are underrating nightwing 's speed .
he does n't aimdodge the bullets like defiant would have to .
he is literally capable of getting out of the way of automatic gunfire after each bullet has left the barrel .
a normal human can not do that at all .
and yeah nightwing and crew occasionally take hits from people way slower but we use high end feats here .
being struck by a thug or what have you would be an anti-feat in this case .
i was a teaching assistant at a summer camp at the age of 17 and i liked one of my students .
i actually tried to pursue her but i decided it 's not the best idea since she 's five school grades younger than me .
low bmi and not exercising means you are very likely to have fat around your organs which puts you at more risk for strokes etc than if you had belly fat it 's called skinny fat .
well i thought i heard about something similar happening on twitter and frankly i 'd believe it either way .
my bat has a damage and swift rune set equipped usually wins about 80 of his matches .
generally if the team power difference is 8k or more i win
been playing resto druid a lot in 2s what talents do you guys usually run ?
i 've been running with a assassination rogue most of the time .
i realize thorns and other stuff is like specific to matchups but just a general curiosity to what you guys run !
used 60 sq and 9 tickets for the medb banner hoping to get her or at least nightingale instead i got thomas edison and li shuwen and a bunch of crappy 3 servants and ce w the exception of medea and serenity .
then used the last 9 sq since wtf i do n't care anymore but still hoping then a rainbow orb pops out me thinking is this the moment then it turns out to be fricking thomas edison again which is a good a way to kick someone when they are down pepehands .
overall still salty with my roll and back to saving sq again but at least i got new decent ces which are formal craft and before awakening from it .
i think you could probably shop around the digging job .
i think the worst case scenario is you try multiple quick fixes that do n't work the pipe caves in while it 's full and you 've got ta pay for the dig anyway and the sewage cleanup and the hotel for the displaced tenants ...
it sounds like the fibers are saturated with water and weak so if you jet it it could blow a hole somewhere there could be water getting out of the pipe already and eroding underneath the pipes .
my non-plumber opinion is it 'll be easier to just pay for peace of mind now .
2016 was when people needed to get out and vote now you 're all trying to close that barn door after that horse has bolted .
no doubt that kavanaugh is a piece of trash .
the replacement will most likely be even worse for us .
so if you actually have the strong heart of a lion you can stand up and call out the bullshit .
regardless of party affiliation or status quo meaningless bureaucracy bs .
i will stand and fight with you or any of my neighbors for our families my brother forget left vs right .
the circle of life demands that deer be killed or it 'll fuck up the whole ecosystem around that population
sometimes cheating works this is one of those nights .
i bet juice gets his redemption in the future is all .
to anyone conserving cubes what do you do with all of the extra bullins that take up dock space ?
everywhere i read people recommend using extra copies of the srs for lbing but i do n't have many srs to being with let alone copies .
are bullins actually more valuable for specific ships or am i good just to use them all for even the medal exchange or map drop srs ?
also can you please follow my twitter optional https twitter.com/mileselol
usually i would use a reed switch for such application .
there are also mountable magnets in weather proof casing for such applications .
ed the type you need is nc normally closed reed switch .
i think they look awesome plus i 'm just super hype to be excited for an old school jordan that 's not the 1 3 or 4
you look delicious fun and juuuust the right amount of dirty
what the fuck did you just fucking say normie ?
i 'll have you fucking know that we have rules in the guidelines area of our fucking sidebar you little normie bitch .
i danked in the top of my class in r/dankmemes and i 'll be danking long after you 're fucking dead normie .
read the rules in the sidebar or you 'll never fucking dank again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
it is already answered by either the sidebar or on the faq page https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/wiki/faq wiki_common_questions .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20 2fu 2fneononer message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/9kdks2 20by 20 2fu 2fneononer. .
false statements or rape or other are a criminal offense .
and there are several cases of women at least here in europe who made false accusations of rape and were prosecuted for it and even ended up in prison .
like an old prop plane sputtering to start but slower
what i have learnt is..try to understand them more .
if their solution is not possible dont try to explain them just show them other workaround whenever possible .
not if not show them and ask themselves only how we can do it .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/snapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/comments/1saxrg/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
you must have a hyphen between your r4r and your title .
if you are posting about r/snapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
he is not that bad in fm18 but i hope he would be wonderkid in fm19
i have one other person in my fireteam right now psn is omgmmblsss
it gave a sense of tragedy to most of it 's villains too .
not only pc i did that on my first character on ps3
my older sister has this gray train – childhood memories !
come to the north of england and it 's half an hour later than that .
living in newcastle i 've looked north at 2am and been able to see the glow of the sun beneath the horizon .
then do n't play the deck or play play alternate win conditions .
you ca n't just expect people to give up even when it 's obvious that ca n't win especially online .
we absolutely hammered this game back in the late 90s at university .
the model 2 saturn pad was just so good for this .
i might try that out next time i get to log on .
yep i know for a fact i 've got 2 wolf rings and i 'm pretty sure that 's the ring i actually have the fewest of
many youngsters do n't grasp the consequences of a dictatorship like that but it 's understandable why they prefer it over democracy .
we put out our votes every x years but after those 30 seconds in the booth everything is decided by the parties themselves .
sometimes you see the major party being cockblocked by all other parties and pushed into opposition .
statistically all those other parties together have more voters but it 's a hallmark of political games .
in the end the politicians decide among themselves what to do and where to go .
like clockwork they start throwing nice words like we listen to you '' and burgerparticipatie '' in the months before the elections only to throw it in the bin after they got elected .
i think the biggest gripe is that politicians are not held accountable anymore .
the amount of shit francken says woul 've guaranteed cost his head back in the old days .
the stint marghem is pulling now and it 's not her first rodeo will have no repercussion at all despite the outcry of us the citizens .
i 'm not claiming to be badass or anything it 's just a small law i 'm breaking in the us .
pls read the faq the recommendation lists are not a must since it 's the writers ' personal experiences with the speaker which might be different for you after that post from your new perspective .
i feel that without over spending a good budget split up s something like that
determine where you want to be in 5 years and get a receiver that meets that requirement .
sidenote on this sub it 's common to buy from here https www.accessories4less.com
200-700 350 sweetspot bookshelf speakers depend on what you liked .
300 600 sweetspot for a medium room 1000 for big open space subwoofer .
bass is something that very differentiates from one to another therefore there is no real limit .
50-500 200 sweetspot on surrounds at 200 you can get pretty much everything .
tell me you are being sarcastic and you 're not really this stupid .
do that again and i will send re3 mods your address .
including by voting for people who will for instance rip immigrant children away from their parents .
the dungeons are n't randomly generated but they are n't exactly super exciting either .
at worst they are tedious and at best they 're ... well innoffensive but really visually interesting .
the themes are pretty neat and visually they 're really neat .
same goes for the story nothing truly awful but really nothing great either .
the battle system is where the game truly shines .
there 's a really great flow and buffing and de-buffing has a pretty good turn duration .
the turn order is well articulated and there are some really great decision making moments using the skills in the game .
boss battles can be genuinely challenging and making and carrying out plans and strategies in battle is incredibly rewarding .
there are a lot of special skills to unlock and learn making for a lot of variety which along with class-promotion borrowed from fire emblem allows for some cool party customization .
persona 5 gets a lot of praise for it 's battle system but in my opinion a lot of that started in fe .
as a nice aside you 'll either love or hate the battle animations .
in terms of quality they 're all really great which is n't a surprise but they really go all out with a lot of fun visual effects and skill presentations .
you 'll either love or hate all the style but i honestly really enjoyed it and thought it added a lot to the personality of the game .
if you enjoyed persona 5 and ever have the chance to play fe i 'd definitely recommend it .
i meant the industriefahrten fun series though rotate cars and even some tracks imo lemans maybe although it hardly gets any participation .
please reply to one of my comments with ! create .
if this game ever changes from ps3 recoil i 'm done with it
it 's just another oligarchy like those of the west but one that is n't paralyzed by a bipartisan or multi-partisan system of governance .
china abandoned its command economy in the 70 's .
its levels of censorship economic regulation and criminal law coverage are less comprehensive than those of singapore for example and far less extensive in practice due to inability to enforce .
i will tell you a personal story of my family .
back in the 1970 's kevin was very depressed .
he had a number of problems that made him feel like not existing anymore .
he had a thought i ca n't fix myself but maybe i can make someone who can ? ''
it took 16 years for her to fix kevin 's problems .
tl dr a tulpa may help but it can take years .
der er masser af andre måder hvorpå vi beskytter vores grænser .
vi har en masse lovgivning og regler om immigration som er det vi bruger allermest for at beskytte grænserne .
i 'll make sure you 'll have to call out tuesday morning
the fact that there are people geniuely think this is humor '' hurts me so much
i will be messaging you on 2018-10-02 03:35:54 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2018-10-02 03:35:54 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/xxxtentacion/comments/9kdyyu/everybodys_sharing_their_lock_screens_gotta_join 0a 0aremindme !
20 hours to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
he does n't fit the mold of your typical racer because he 's got so many other things going on .
as long as those things do n't become more important we 'll still have him as a driver .
witcher is a great game i 'm sure just not for me .
fatto il biglietto e sono andato per i cavoli miei .
da allora viaggio sempre da solo e conosco gente sul posto con qui ho stretta grandi amicizie e ho trovato compagni di viaggio .
oh hey look one of the mods who does n't bother to do anything for this sub .
i think it was in the implication that op 's feet were somehow unworthy .
i mean i gagged but i 'm an anti-foot guy .
not just a turn off but a while city block goes dark ...
some day we are gon na read an article about someone who upvoted and had a heart attack .
canada goose for about £220 for what was low-medium tier
this was so fucking cool that clone wars was so fucking cool
i thought i was the only one who could n't figure out how to escape this room every time i port in .
depends on the playstyle/what you want to use your exotic for .
sleeper is high damage but will see little use outside of bosses majors and has pretty limited ammo
no and i used one of those finishing touch flawless things by jml last week to try remove some peach fuzz and ended up with a face full of closed comedones
it 's not solely a matter of design purely in terms of detail put into their 3d assets the level of detail has gone down significantly .
it 's pretty easy to compare assets from pre-eoc even as far back as 2009 and find that curiously they 've stopped putting nearly as much detail as they used to in order to pump them out more quickly .
they clearly intended to make her a lesbian but decided that only 1 was allowed so made 0 and rhajat as bi .
we are n't allowed to start discussing new deals outside the eu yet .
everybody knew there would be 5 years of being worse off before being better off .
so we got 1 post saying that bittorrent will use trx as its currency and another saying there will be a new token ... . over these dodgy write ups ... . any ideas ?
i 'm a huge hip hop head and i ca n't listen to hit em up without feeling a sense of loss .
the track took the beef to another level and added to the chaos that pac and big murdered .
are you suggesting that karma does n't have serious monetary value ?
not rushing anyone just saying it 's really worth having both systems at this point
you literally just said that mercedes have had the better car
it 's inevitable that we 're merely tools for the benefit of other members of the species .
or are we assuming that a soul '' exists ?
besides a utilitarian view there is n't really another way to look at it if you 're convinced that having children is selfish unless you believe in a soul .
in which case there really is n't room for discussion .
it 'd be like arguing if jesus was selfish for fucking shit up for most of his society while building his cult .
that 's definitely a joke to try to apologise to hardy for challenging him .
the joke was ahmed essentially saying that hardy 's point did have some merit .
no the genocide the geth performed on the quarians was in self-defence they were attacked without warning or negotiation .
the quarians were simply so incapable they lost a war they themselves started .
the geth are sentient or more to the point sapient seeing as you do n't seem to know what the fuck you 're talking about .
they are capable of rational thought and exhibit every sign of having self-awareness and free will .
your unwillingness to see that is just your own inability to accept a synthetic form of life .
i believe it 's meant to be ironic as to ruin the image of rage comics
interested to see how he does against the ravens defense next week .
they usually shut down running backs and have n't allowed a second half touchdown all year .
11 of plutonium in uk nuclear weapons was produced in civil power plants .
well i can see why you are asking each of them has it 's own advantage if you really need the extra ram i would go with the vivobook if not the swift has a better build quality and a longer battery life or if you can push your budget and get the asus zenbook ux430un https www.amazon.com/dp/b077bxrbk1 ? tag=adviser100-20
wait ... were n't you the one that posted a while ago complaining that you could n't get a job ?
perhaps focus on getting a job before pointing the finger at housos
bandolier another must have like a pitcher or determination not to mention that ammo is a mean of balance in the game
mocassins there 's enough encouraging for campers as it is
when you play duos you have 2 targets to loot already
wax figure blankfire decoys work in water float on surface fire as usual
also i wish bolt seer worked not only when you look at the bolts directly from less than 1 meter but from a distance like highlight for map usables .
i mean those shattered chapters called the past out of the time do not seem like a part from this book sometimes .
i lost interest in this move when i saw it was going to be pg-13 .
i just want a goddamn pc port of code veronica on steam !
na última pesquisa do datafolha em 2014 http datafolha.folha.uol.com.br/eleicoes/2014/10/1538369-dilma-52-e-aecio-48-chegam-empatados-ao-dia-da-eleicao.shtml a dilma vencia o aécio por 52 a 48 e o resultado http g1.globo.com/bom-dia-brasil/noticia/2014/10/dilma-rousseff-e-reeleita-com-545-milhoes-de-votos-no-segundo-turno.html foi 51,64 a 48,36 .
the levels seem fine but the overworld is really janky ...
i 'm not sure if that 's performance or control that cause that though .
either way it does feel like you 're wrestling with the game .
also you can really tell from the roster that this was a post-mcu marvel product .
felt like i had to after opponent started goff and kupp ... needed upside from fitzmagic after being down 80-0 ...
in your pussy and then go to your mouth to reset for round two .
your cat must be a clone of this one here https www.reddit.com/r/gardening/comments/2by0tw/can_anyone_identify_this_pest_on_my_strawberry .
perhaps you are one and the same person though somehow i seriously doubt it .
top tip r/gardening is not the correct sub for re-posting other peoples content .
yeah the fact that they take the damn symbols off the freaking math after you 've found them is just idiotic .
i have found all lost sectors and they are still on my map .
i always forget the only orange one you ever need my first trip to the lr .
i got confused there i though we only had one left
there 's a damn blizzard outside ... only an official announcement can save us .
starving children in third world countries do n't make my life better .
i only dropped invincible after i started doing it in 11 characters
my dad works for a large religious nonprofit and so many people in the community think he 's wonderful .
they do n't see the side of him that i always had to see and they do n't realize that religion is just a means to an end for him .
if he did n't have to pretend to be faithful for his job he 'd never go to church or have any involvement with religion .
it 's infuriating because it 's all so fake but he 's so good at fooling people .
i bet all the battles he 's in will be electrifying .
the last one i saw was about 20 years ago .
that doesnt change the fact that the jumper is smooth af
curiosity is indeed a curious name for being angry and disappointed about everything .
i look forward to your post about the general weather in iceland .
falling in love with their dictator and publicly admitting it was quite unthinkable before trump .
i made a meme about the same thing that got 31 thousand upvotes on this same subreddit
we had grown up using the cast iron kind when camping .
when we got married my wife and i bought a pair of aluminum ones because we hardly had any money .
we were so excited to show off these pans to some friends who had never seen pie irons before and promptly turned our sandwiches into charcoal briquettes because we were so used to the heavier metal .
he was racist sexist anti-semitic xenophobic intolerant/downright hateful of lgbtq too traditional and conservative and did n't have any plans to save for a house because he was going to inherit the one he lived in with his parents .
he was studying to be a psychiatrist and i hated the house and its location .
none of these traits of his were apparent until we 'd been together nearly two years .
happened exactly the same to me on the light one also .
o im pretty sure we can find somewhere to have some fun .
with a body like that i would do you and with love miss my flight
the atk def ele bonus are independent from the hp boosts .
hp and stamina are measured in the number of fresh ingredients you use and the others on meat fish veggies respectively .
so if you have 6 fresh meats you will get atk up l and 50 hp stamina .
i usually go for fresh ingredients first and bonus later since 6 fresh meat would be quite rare .
2 meat 4 fish or 4 meat 2 fish when they are all fresh will net you 50 hp stam and atk up m def s or def m atk s
i love that they got jack welch in person for at least 1 cameo that i remember they mention him later on too .
also hilarious how they talk about satirize six sigma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mhocmp if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're right that analogy i made was shaky .
thanks for chiming in and seeing where i came from .
unless it was 40 minutes of eddie brock talking i 'm concerned .
to start with clary and simon are in college and isabelle has powers only jace should have .
i just close and quit the app and reopen it
downvote for the random shade thrown at my favorite number .
yep you should add at least a couple case fans 1 or 2 front intakes and 1 rear exhaust .
your cpu fan curve is probably set to auto so it 's ramping up because it has no access to fresh air .
you can leave the curve as it is and noise should come down with extra fans or create a custom fan curve so it does n't ramp up too much .
plus the x-wing tie advanced tie fighters and scyk from the huge ships .
do not delete this submission or any submission past or present for any reason or any of your comments .
any deletions will result in a ban from r/borrow .
if your request is fulfilled or you no longer need the money please do one or a combination of 1 edit your post to reflect the change 2 flair your post as 'complete ' the flair button is under the body text of the post and/or 3 make a comment that it 's no longer needed .
you are free to accept loans from users ineligible to use r/borrow though you do so at your own risk .
users are ineligible either because of not meeting account requirements or from being banned .
if you are uncomfortable accepting loans from ineligible users it is suggested that you make sure they 're eligible by having them comment on your request post before accepting a loan from them.loans made with ineligible/banned users will not be tracked by loansbot and you will not get credit or support for loans fulfilled by ineligible lenders so proceed at your own risk .
check to see if myctheologist has a post deletion history https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=myctheologist restrict_sr=on
check myctheologist 's spam history https www.reddit.com/r/thesefuckingaccounts/search ? q=myctheologist sort=new restrict_sr=on snoopsnoo profile https snoopsnoo.com/u/myctheologist and atomiks analyzer profile https atomiks.github.io/reddit-user-analyser myctheologist !
do not respond to anyone via pm who requests your social security number or your country 's version of an identification number .
lenders upon conclusion of this loan you can follow these links for prefilled posts regarding this loan paid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bpaid 5d 20 28/u/myctheologist 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28early/on 20time/late 29 message paid 20/u/myctheologist late https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5blate 5d 20 28/u/myctheologist 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 unpaid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bunpaid 5d 20 28/u/myctheologist 29 20 28 23city 20state 20country 20of 20borrower 29 20 20 28 amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 message paid 20/u/myctheologist
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
ill upvote you but yeah other than monet you 're right .
just group with people who care and let the casuals do their thing in 17 person groups .
he also had a beautiful throw to jonnu for 10 yards after an incredible escape from a broken pocket that jonnu dropped .
you are full of shit and have shit taste .
i mean if he never starts is 3/4 years gon na stop him completely from starting ?
the part where he reused the wedding plans just makes me think of the office episode where phyllis steals pam 's wedding plans .
so what exactly did we get in the new nafta ?
basically those same concessions from mexico concerning cars and parts that usa got from mexico earlier .
interest in using crypto currency to facilitate video gaming and video gaming payments are likely to increase imo
i 'm not watching anything right now and it 's been on my mind lately .
i am fairly certain the shared chest on top of the mountain counts too .
he 's got so many odd anal toys and stuff .
that 's a beaverton level comment should have played it off as intentional
yeah i got a critique about more variance in the shades of green i used and honestly i wish i had done that i totally see what you mean about it looking blobby .
also yeah part of the green choice was that it 's an unusual color for a punk look like this rather than red or black or something along that line .
i 'm really glad you took the time to write these out !
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason
if you have any questions please feel free to message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/sbubby message=https www.reddit.com/r/sbubby/comments/9kffox .
my lg 4k hdr tv does this if it is already on before the playstation .
never happens if the playstation is on first though .
do n't ask me why i 'm just chuffed it works .
in some level wrs and rbs have to be like we take bigger hits than qbs even when this stuff was legal .
the fact the nfl is so protective over one position is so frustrating .
it would be annoying if they did it with every position but at least it would be consistent .
the fact that they 're like yeah big hits are great .
we do n't want to lose them but just do n't hit that guy making more money than anyone else and is being protected by 300 lb men . ''
i was physically abused by 3 other kids who would gang up on me when we were in 6th grade .
my body was covered in bruises and i was completely destroyed inside .
i told my mom that they were from a game from school when she asked about my bruises throughout middle school .
it went on for most of middle school and some high school .
at 23 i 'm twice their size with multiple years of training in mma and boxing .
worth more than the three of them combined and i 'm in a way glad that i lived through those experiences .
i managed to turn the negativity into something positive and improve my life .
so i 'm thankful but those moments of insecurity and anxiety will creep up on me every once in a while .
i ran into one of my former bullies at six flags park not too long ago and i made him look down .
i tormented him the entire day by showing up wherever he was at .
his guilt and low self esteem are slowly chipping away at his life and it feels good knowing that he 's paying for what he owes .
as someone who was bullied you should have known what it was like to be on the receiving end of it .
all i can say is that it 's good to acknowledge our mistakes and own up to them but it 's also extremely messed up .
that guy basically just admitted that he has a problem with all immigrants not just the illegal aliens because they refuse to speak english .
first i 've never met anyone who refused to speak english ever unless they just could not speak it and there is n't a damn thing wrong with that .
second if that guy thinks people refusing to speak english makes them less of an american then that guy is a fucking racist shitbird .
it is drawn to the body of mass which has the greatest effect on it .
how do you explain the way in which the moon has effects on the tide without gravity ?
same with the atmosphere hydrogen and other heavy gases stick to the earth as they have a high enough mass to be effected by it .
some gases such as helium however fly off into space whilst gas giants such as jupiter have strong enough gravity to hold even helium down .
similarly this is why some smaller heavenly bodies such as moons can not have an atmosphere their gravity is too weak to hold hydrogen .
if you 're at the height of the iss for example you 're constantly falling .
gravity 408km off the ground is about 99 as strong as it is here but they experience weightlessness because they are n't grounded .
you would also experience weightlessness at freefall in a vacuum .
you do n't start orbiting the earth when you jump because you do n't have enough angular velocity .
the 12 bullet points in your video were meaningless ramblings there was n't anything there for me to address and educate yourself is not an argument .
you educating yourself has been watching the confused ramblings of science deniers and hacks on youtube .
me educating myself has been through 200 years of the scientific method .
so just to be clear you 're denying space denying gravity and claiming that down is down because down is down and up is up because up is up and we know this because down is not up and up is not down and the difference between the two is that there is a point which is not up and not down and all things in the world respect this boundary for no discernible reason and there 's no way this can be demonstrated scientifically or the forces involved in objects determining up from down measured ?
if you need me i 'll be in my castle breeding unicorns .
the quality of the phone calls ... like nails on a chalkboard
mcbackup had terrible numbers prior to being picked up in toronto .
it 's not like only age was against him .
we only remember them because it 's a rare case .
no one knows how sparks will perform in the nhl but there is hope given his age and achievements .
i 'd rather we take a risk on sparks rather than the safe mcbackup similar to drafting
but you 're getting that sweet sweet extra 30 each month from those generous tax cuts !
those arent any kind of racing tire ive ever seen .
i mean they very well could be racing '' tires but i doubt they are actually tires anyone would use for racing .
then i will be behaving the same way as he did to me .
yeah exactly what haley said i would play master mummy and stagger punches you get into the rhythm of it soon enough where you can get the max multiplier .
this was definitely the hardest badge for me though .
so the rain with them now is fake and is actually hyoh in disguise is it disguise when you fake to be yourself again ?
homies at one of the most prestigious universities in the world figured this out .
i 'm just a typical brit with dire gcse 's i could have published this finding
i 'm 35f and have been single nearly my entire life by choice .
i do n't consider myself asexual even though i have n't had sex in over 10 years and do n't miss it .
i 'd be fine with a platonic lifemate that i live with for company but if not animals .
i 'd like to tell you that people have given up on me and stopped bothered me about dating but they have n't .
it 's a topic that some have learned not to bring up because it never goes how they want ie i 'm not actually unhappy which they expect me to be .
the phrase i 've learned to use that is most helpful in explaining my lack of interest in dating without being overly defensive is i love being single .
if i ever find a partner they need to bring something to the table that i like more than being single .
i have yet to find a partner i like more than being single . ''
the only other suggestion in terms of convincing people to lay off ?
keep your complaints to yourself because 9 times out of 10 people will assume that whatever is bugging you is actually a complaint about being single .
enjoy the things that would be harder to do with a so or kids .
i travel a lot because it 's my thing and i 've found that a lot of aggression re my single status is just redirected jealousy that i can actually leave last minute without asking permission or verifying schedules and whatnot .
chances are i 've heard it all and can commiserate .
after reading so many people say great things about it on here
i thinkt that this depends of the age of people .
i read that in 2005 and was an awful read .
more than a decade later it seems that young people started liking this book .
well the prose is easy and fluid but the story is really stupid and full of holes .
sorry for your loss and wishing you and your wife a speedy recovery .
also just wanted to let you know that my mom had a tubal pregnancy that also resulted in the tube being removed .
drill and drivers are very useful for most projects .
as for brands.. honestly now a days most of them are fairly reliable for the average home owner .
ryobi is good quality and on the cheaper side .
as you move into bigger projects you will need more tools but honestly as useful as a reciprocating saw is you wo n't use it unless you are doing some more serious work .
oh ok not sure why you mentioned leafs fans then
walking away from a car deal cause you 're not happy with the terms .
it took me 10-15 minutes to read this just my perception of it while in reality only about 30 seconds really passed s
look all i 'm saying if guys are into bowsette then let girls be into venom .
leave her alone and let her be a kid .
do n't put unnecessary pressure on her at a stupidly young age .
down the line if she turns out good then start paying attention .
until then i wish people would leave her alone .
look up the olympia conspiracy they switched ships for insurance
i feel like i 've read so many book and it 's effecting my mind .
those dogs are obviously walking bombs set to go off when they can inflict the most damage to government or chemical weapons that will slowly infect a large population over a 30 day period .
so i did n't consent as i was double blind drunk .
no problem but please note that i may not be entirely correct i commented that to the best of my memory but i may be entirely wrong
i took the fusebox harness and the engine harness down to the wires extended deleted as i needed and re-loomed everything in the locations that i wanted .
stone cold 's first alliance theme https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xh2wtoldavm is way up that list for me .
touhou soundtracks original from the game and remixes are bomb !
modijee controlled prices of these stents and make sure even india 's poor people get world class stents ...
you sound ill why do n't you get bent with a stent ?
no idea yet but i think some payment to include a link inside one of the advertisers it goes through many redirects before getting to that amazon page so they are injecting it into one of those redirects or something .
still surprised how some advertisers ca n't prevent such stuff .
someone has to be getting paid to allow such a thing to go through on major news sites .
i guess the samsung feature will be implemented when cameras are behind the screen in middle of the screen so that they can also use it to track what you 're seeing and implement more features .
i did n't call her back taking what i thought was the safer option for both the brothers and lyla even though afterwards i imagined her going out of her mind wondering if sean daniel are ok. not calling her and then throwing the phone away actually hurt a little bit she 's sean 's best friend after all and i really like lyla 's character anyway .
set a budget and then check the sidebar for the entry-level turntable buying guide which has recommendations listed by price .
fyi if something 's been asked a million times we do n't want to answer it a million times .
info like that will be in the sidebar of any subreddit you visit to avoid people making post after post after post after post .
i was around 10 years old at the time so i really had no idea .
i was just hyped as hell to be going really fast .
i remember they made a big deal about how high the plane climbed before they would hit max speed .
something like 60,000 feet i remember being able to vaguely see the curvature of the earth .
we know that in the future which might be the past already he would be at the obsidian dragonshrine during the death of chromie 's events .
then you can get a unscarred black scale in island expeditions that triggers a quest to bring it to wrathion in blackrock mountain .
we get to meet a blacktalon agent in wrathion 's stead who mentions that they 're looking for information about the dragon isles .
they asked a lot about all shows on bravo and asked which show should be rebooted or revived .
well if i ca n't remember my preferred language then what language i do remember becomes my preferred language !
ca n't prefer a language i do n't know and then i forget that one so another language is remembered and it becomes my preferred language .
i de an ar8 ration fo '' my w sh fr∆m t€e d∆uc€ebag g€ni !
edit either it works or i devolve into a gibbering mess .
i 've noticed only a loose correlation between sd and tiredness .
some mornings i feel tired but am not nearly as dull as i expect to be .
also that correlation is getting looser the more i practice .
laid-back soft-spoken really into teaching and i really looked forward to shop .
unfortunately he was also a veteran who had seen ... things in vietnam that he could n't discuss .
he was n't absent often but when he was it was for two week stretches or more .
one day a kid i knew through my part-time job put an acid tab in the teacher 's coffee .
sometime later emergency services were called because the teacher flipped his desk and was screaming .
my coworker is in the hospital after eating a giant bacon cheeseburger .
for once he 's on time for his nursing shift .
i just wish someone would write something that i could view while at work .
yeah the title could easily read 'if the packers had mack the division would be theirs ' and still be true .
best pic i 've seen of these dudes so far here .
find the point the player was down and see at that moment in the replay if the sensors are sensing over or behind the line to gain
can be used as portable or stationary while in practice .
kind of sad considering he is fat and depressed .
his channel has been suffering for a long time from his own self-inflicted problems .
only problem is you 're replacing a late game reach card myra 's with a random mid-game card .
so there will be those games where you just need some last-minute oomph and instead you draw the random 3-drop you added instead .
for that reason blink fox might be the best option simply because it draws you an extra card which could be value .
you could also try some off-meta options like myra rotspring or even sprint .
idk what it is about the riff in mother but it is one of my favorite ever .
i like the idea of printing out the foot prints and checking with a caliper !
did n't do much sourcing throughout the month of sept as i was working on my death pile in preparation for q4 .
however i did get out to one thrift store this weekend .
1970 's nbc coffee mug paid 50 cents asking 30 .
usually not too excited about mugs but this one sort of called to me .
walkman sport cassette/radio paid 2 still have to test it but i 'm hoping to get 30 40 for it .
walkmans are out of wheelhouse but i 'm giving it a shot
it looks like you 're asking for an id .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shrooms if you have any questions or concerns .
we just had a mom and dads bed dance party with lil dude while playing/rapping fetts vett by mc chris .
had a huge lead but somehow cooper and lynch both did good against me .
i 've heard hurt is more likely than either of these two last i heard jre is leaning towards going somewhere else
i want to add that if d3,4 hits you at midscreen backdashing will avoid 90 of hwo 's threatening followups .
it 's a move that because really scary at the wall but that 's it .
he says a got from the same place was 50 dollars 20 years ago .
i do n't even understand why people get offended .
who cares what the sounds are if you do n't care about the person themselves ?
super helpful on the last frame cuz how else would i know it 's the turtle with it 's mouth open talking and not the other ones
i do n't know if this app allows us to send photos or i 'd have shown you mine 😂😊
it 's still the most powerful in its segment tied with the camry .
yeah that kind of idealistic thinking always rings hollow to me .
sure we 'd all like to believe that our successes in life are 100 due to our own merits with no luck or outside benefits to it but nothing happens in a vacuum and it 's okay to recognize that fact .
i wo n't paddleboard on the lake because it would be too tempting to get in on hot summer days .
that is like the drain of dirty 6th street too .
does anyone know any examples of radio shows using an actor to do recurring fake call ins similar to what billy west did with characters like marge schott on the howard stern show ?
i 've always loved when billy west would do this or do fake impressions of celebrities like lucille ball and i feel like i remember there possibly being some similar segments on jim rome back in the day .
i 'd love to hear if anyone knows of any similar segments and links to them would be greatly appreciated !
i do n't give a rats ass what order you get your bills and change in .
the line is long as hell somebody is gon na bring out coupons another person is gon na forget an item and want to run and get it etc .
i the cashier am trying my best to clear people out and help my other cashiers out by taking their customers .
if you get through the line and have an easy transaction then the order i give the cash out is the least of anybodies problems .
you men sound like the type to ask women to pay for you on dates which is pathetic .
and you women responders sound like you have low self-worth and do n't think you 're deserving so you 're projecting it on me .
it sounds more likely that those dogs are just alerting '' their owner that there 's someone outside and maybe excited about the familiar presence .
if they were snarling or had more of a yelpy bark higher pitch at the end that 's more concerning to me .
either way though that owner is making some pretty poor decisions about his refusal to leash or teach those dogs some basic impulse control .
there 's no doubt that the issue of slavery was the catalyst for the war but there 's also no doubt that the unresolved tensions and conflicts between north and south had been there since independance .
if our federation the process of bringing the different colonies together to form one nation was a shit fight the usa 's was many times worse .
huge differences in the philosophies and world views between the industrial north and the rural south .
in those days they really felt like different countries .
and remember at no point prior to the outbreak of war did abraham lincoln say he was going to free the southern states slaves .
can the dented part of the body be fixed with a toilet plunger ?
if he takes the same approach to that job as he did to being one of the best tes ever i 'm sure he will be fine .
that 's a long odd way of saying greatest scooby doo movie of them all ''
they had a very firm idea of the government they wanted ... it just was n't a very effective one .
picked it because i have heard great things and received in a blind verification on se .
why is every post on whoosh by an lv 99 autist
i 'm here to say that i 'm obsessed with you all .
i ca n't remember the last time i 've been like this .
i ca n't stop hearing bambi it is just perfect .
you remind me some kind of alternate universe of marauder 's era from harry potter .
the people you interview with are going to be a sociopaths that will lie to your face b delusional middle management that actually think company culture is perfect or c biting their tongues .
honestly without clear provenance there 's not a whole lot you can get out of them except see examples of types of points from certain time periods which as cool as they are are not terribly informative .
i would suggest reaching out to a tribal museum if there are any in the region or contact a university though sometimes they might refuse because lack of provenance .
however i 'm sure your county museum would be happy to take them .
this post is might also be better served on r/archaeology
my dad is a bears and a packers fan .
i should ask zim if he can be my new dad .
left when i was 3 and we learned he killed himself when i was 5 .
are you sure it was n't the point of metoo in the first place ?
my friend reinhardt would love 8 or 16 more damage per fight .
they are programmed to read and react to inputs .
well they were picked to finish in the bottom half/third of the b1g by pretty much everyone so yeah he did an amazing job .
now with this class he 's really going to have some fire power to work with .
alright since i am a fan of gacha ill just summon ty for the answers much appreciated
at my house we call those christmas potatoes because we only eat them once a year but daaaaaaamnnn they are good !
not sure if it would have enough mass appeal .
when the show first started i remember hearing this conversation so many times where people were like i do n't like zombies but if you watch a few episodes i love the character drama ! ''
that 's what made the show such a big hit .
mass appeal you need the drama and recurring characters .
i do n't think that 's the point tbh .
i mean if it lets kids play soccer and have an escape from their daily lives we should be all for it even if it is coming from the plastics .
hearing that finish for me means it was time for ultima online lol .
your submission has been automatically removed because it does not contain two reciprocal reviews you have given to others .
review video threads must include 2 links and channel critiques must include 4 links to reviews you made today in r/youtubers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
also was at a party and some dude played come on eileen .
had no idea people were into it but that was a good 3 minutes .
but we thought he was a ridgeback at first too .
spinning this racist/sexist angle and dismissing valid concerns probably lost half their player base there .
look everywhere but this sub and that is what you read .
they cetainly lost me at least til it drops to half price one month after release .
even then i have concerns of it being a dead game by then in my part of the world .
ok i 'm not the only one who thought it said that .
that 's one of the most dangerous cities to ride in the usa .
stay alert humble and may a close call stay just that and be a learning lesson .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shrooms if you have any questions or concerns .
so you should buy 1 or 2 ugly junker cars and park them on the street just because .
ty vs creator game 4 from gsl super tournament last week was awesome
some people absolutely are playing politics with this deal already well before there 's been much chance for anyone to analyze it .
when i see articles like this i worry that the liberals are going to be too invested in portraying this as a big win to hold an honest debate over whether or not it should be ratified .
the impact of this treaty will be felt long after the next election or even the one after that .
the liberals need to act responsibly and allow honest debate not for their sake but for canada 's .
they 'll send a code and you just plug it in on madden
yeah the wording in that comment is also confusing .
the definition of a song '' is used too loosely most of the time .
honestly coming from someone who was once in your fiancé 's position yes i 'd still invite her .
once you 're married to him it 'll be totally different but for now inviting her and keeping the peace with him his father and the rest of the family would be best .
at the end of the day it is his day as much as yours and his decision as well .
huh did n't realise lee evans had done acting .
it 's probably my favorite pepperoni pizza so far in to but i have to admit i have n't been to any of those other places listed by op so what do i know ...
they 've gutted it and turned it into a big sterile happy-clapper hall .
because what brisbane really needs is another megachurch full of god-bothering drones at the expense of what little cultural heritage this town has left .
and if that fails you could always summon some real demons for roommates .
on a side note jeffrey dahmer felt pretty bad about killing and eating all those guys ...
i think that was based on the uses of the word ignore '' in rules reference such as players ignore all canceled results . ''
or ignore the portion of the template that the ship moved backward along when resolving the maneuver . ''
bought fournette for an early 2019 1st 2nd and mccoy .
feeling pretty good about that as i think there 's stilll a lot of talent if he can stay healthy .
first guy you shot at range you had no scope and could n't even see his loadout when you kos .
lol bad copy of memes from fb group hajsownicy gimpera ''
1 edit i was wrong it is possible for a mongolian person to refer to oneself as this although the term does have unpleasant associations what kind of self-hating person unironically refers to themselves as a mongol in 2018 ?
2 the implication that internalized racism is the same as gender dysphoria ?
as a colonized trans person that 's blatantly incorrect stop talking hocum about things you clearly do n't know the first thing about .
its largely a long term trend of gradually increasing age of conception .
one day remainers will realise james o'brien is n't on their side he 's just playing them to boost his career .
literally the same bullshit that right-wing journalists have been doing for decades but o'brien 's one of the first to do the same thing on the left .
i will try this later getting a us business and bank will take some time but it is fairly straight forward .
rbc and bmo offer real us banks so this is not that hard to get and if not i can just drive across the border and get a keybank account or whatever .
it allways feels both so good and so bad that our players are often worth so damn much but we never manage to stomp our domestic league .
cweb is a us company listed on a candian exchange .
all of the us-based operators list on the cse as it is illegal to have cannabis business in the us and list on either the tsx or any of the large us exchanges .
this is why only canopy cron tilray are on the us exchnages as they do n't have any us-based operations or sales .
as a titan 's fan i am not even sure why byard got a totw card .
yes a couple of them were big stops but i would have rather waited and gotten a higher byard when he finally gets his two int game later this year .
it 's a 110 piece of chinese junk https www.amazon.com/gun-safe-biometric-auto-open-mountable/dp/b07fdzypr1 complete with the badly translated manual .
amazon is really going down hill ever since they became just another broker for any retailer the junk has multiplied .
except now instead of being a 10 ebay safe '' it 's presented and priced as if it 's a legitimate product .
do it all over the uv light itself then tell her to check the mirror .
then tell her you 've been doing it since the day she bought it .
this is about the second season of the original japanese series pingu in the city .
it started as a swiss show became british and now it 's japanese .
you mean the lie where he said he knew nothing about stolen documents then emails surfaced that prove he totally did kniw ?
i suggest you watch some r6 s gameplay it will be easier than explaining the appeal of the game .
but yeah it 's amazing probably the best modern shooter .
great news and all it 'll all make sense once amazon systematically reduces the amount of actual human employees to the level that paying them more equals the same as paying more people less or maybe not even and then automate most jobs like they had planned .
hey man she texted you to say sorry and said it was just because she was worried you were n't attracted to her .
if she was still being annoying about this it 'd warrant concern but you said she acknowledges her issues and that they stem from a boyfriend who did n't treat her right .
i 'd let this go unless it comes up again .
i think i 'm going to put an arc reactor in the kick reso .
pineapples and pizza is the only true answer here .
this man can not read was my first thought .
then i saw his username and now i know he ca n't read .
i dont think that moving would be an option for me and my family .
as for the private security/nightclub security i actually have a disability which affects very strenuous activity which limits me more to desk work .
i was actually just insecurely virtue signaling there tbh .
rough wknd with this shit and i keep forgetting where i am .
i recall thinking people were reading way too much btw the lines re the lad culture at exiled last year when it came out .
maybe he 's in aa and its a ‘step ' .
3 days later and it 's still the same .
just got dire with 95k done on calamity but only 700 done for dire .
as an extension of this a counter is any operator that forces another out of their key role into a more dangerous one and mavricks greatest strength is surprise and stealth
pcpartpicker part list https de.pcpartpicker.com/list/bfczgg price breakdown by merchant https de.pcpartpicker.com/list/bfczgg/by_merchant
storage samsung 860 evo 500gb 2.5 '' solid state drive https de.pcpartpicker.com/product/6ykccj/samsung-860-evo-500gb-25-solid-state-drive-mz-76e500bam purchased for €0.00
yes i have one but do n't know how to post it in comments ... can i message it to you ?
eating raw cookie dough will give you salmonella ive yet to run into a single person that has had salmonella for it
it still bothers the shit out of me that he pussed out while you could tell ikora wanted to scorch the earth for revenge .
personally really wanted to see her jet out to the reef and unleash hell in random areas while we were ‘questing ' .
i will definitely try the boost feature and getting reviews of some of my openers on r/tinder
i also fund some picture on my phone that could be alternatives .
are you asking for a system that tells everyone how i voted ?
i 'm allowed to work from home but it 's not something i 'd schedule once a week .
people on my team do it fairly often but they 're kinda looked down on because our entire software team is on site and there 's always meetings or something popping up .
it 's brutal discussing something with someone if they are remote
well supposedly it can make you more productive faster has less viruses .
when i was fourteen or so i woke up in the night and could n't go back to sleep so i ended up getting up turning on my lamp and going out to the rest of the house to use the bathroom and get a drink .
when i walked back into my room and turned to get back in bed there was another ... . me .
she was standing across the bed from me wearing a long lavender dress and just staring at me .
it was like looking in a full length mirror only i did n't have a mirror there .
all she did was stare at me with this blank deadpan facial expression .
the only way i can explain it is they looked ... . dead .
anyway i noped out of there as fast as i could and ran to my parent 's room .
my mom was half asleep and did n't really listen to my explanation of why i was there .
she just pulled me into bed next to her and went back to sleep haha yeah i totally slept with my parents as a scared 14 year old i did n't fall asleep at all the rest of the night .
i just kept staring at the doorway afraid that she was going to follow me into their room too .
the next chance i had i want to the library and used their computer to look up what it could be hey it was 17 years ago .
we did n't have the internet in our pockets back then .
that 's when i found out about doppelgängers and like i said so was scared for years that i was going to die soon .
silly as it is i still wo n't wear anything lavender colored .
do n't have a link but crowell turned his back to the crowd and wiped his arse with the ball after his td against the browns .
edit then he threw the ball into said crowd .
they 're literally evil water spirits that drown humans .
sorry its tezos most decentralized pos coin.. haters gon na hate
you need a stable foundation and then invest in youth .
um have you ever had a guest deep fry ?
it 's extremely difficult to get the smell out and most guests wo n't clean up splatter properly and do n't know how to dispose of oil correctly in a home on a septic system .
fun fact the light single barrel is called the wikka
could someone link back to soppo holding chibi dummy links .
well assuming you do n't know how advertisements work skillshare pays people money and in return those people say nice things about skillshare on their youtube channels .
skillshare does it because they know that a certain percentage of the youtubers ' audiences will will believe the youbtuber and give skillshare money .
the youtubers do it because money do n't grow on trees and the bills wo n't pay themselves .
it seems like paying money to learn to do things that i could just google instead .
4 are going to one then two more going to two others one each .
i mean i learnt which hand is left and which one is right just by playing the psp
no problem thank you for commenting this community is amazing and i did n't expect all of these lovely responses
honestly i think this is just a bug that ea can not or will not spend the time to fix .
their support rep was unable to tell me why i ca n't access it only that you need to play more games to gain access . ''
i 've played over 50 games of fut already how many more do i have to play ? ''
they said we ca n't be sure how many games it will take just keep playing and you will gain access . ''
but the actors in snl are super and honestly i do n't think nsp would be on par
not if they 're just background scenery it 's tedious to read through lists of makes that do n't matter .
but if you do n't care enough about she if the characters to even name them is it feasible to just pare down there number of people in the scene ?
they really do n't have excuses they are one of the biggest festivals in the us and they still make big ass mistakes you 'd expect from smaller festivals .
all they needed to do was add vince stapled to weekend 1 and i would n't be as heated do n't get me wrong i 'm excited to go but come on .
you should try being honestly nice instead of honestly as asshole .
he has n't even done anything as bad as some of the other characters but he 's just so abrasive .
his book counterpart is awesome because of the whole lovecraftian apocalypse he 's trying to start .
your reasons for not helping were n't out of laziness or greed but out of fear for your own safety .
there 's nothing wrong with making that kind of decision .
read some kidnapping/torture articles of kids your age on wikipedia and you 'll feel much better about your choice .
did you tell her that is n't acceptable and should n't be accepted ?
i 'm so pissed i 'll be in disneyland for the first game against toronto that 's a score i 'll be checking by the minute .
i regret to tell you that your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a valid title tag .
are you looking for help with a skin concern ?
common skin concerns https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/index wiki_common_skin_concerns help with a variety of skin concerns from acne to stretch marks
the sca routine https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/sca_routine information on building a good skincare routine deciding what products to use and what order to use them in
when to see a doctor https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/when_to_see_a_doctor because we 're not doctors .
we also recommend doing a subreddit search https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all for your question because it 's very likely been asked before .
if you 're looking for advice we recommend you post in the help thread stickied at the top of our front page http www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/about/sticky ? num=1 .
it 's full of helpful and experienced people who hang out there to answer questions and you 'll get the most reliable answers there !
if you still want to make a post to the sub you 'll need to use one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
do try to include all relevant information when asking for help .
see our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/postingguidelines wiki_information_to_include_when_posting for suggestions .
we have a sidebar you may not know about filled with more helpful links !
to view the sidebar on the official reddit app tap the three dots in the upper right corner when you 're on the sub r/skincareaddiction and tap 'community info ' .
instructions for other apps can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/mobile .
searching in the reddit app click the three dots and then select 'search ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
imo if youre bringing up these issues daily you need to break up and work on yourself and get to a better place before you bring another person into your life .
its not your partner 's job to fix you and make you good thats on you .
you summed it up he should n't have to be in the team right now really .
so it sounds like you 're being pretty harsh on your skin !
i understand wanting to get rid of the oil and it 's hard to resist scrubbing
i would def recommend being gentler on your skin starting with a less stripping cleanser .
something milky and hydrating like vanicream or cereve hydrating are good basic options .
often what we think is oily skin is really just dehydrated irritated skin that is overproducing oil to compensate for being damaged or dehydrated .
you could try a simple moisturizer with ceramides squalane hyaluronic acid urea or a combination of some or all !
some good basic choices are cereve pm lotion la roche posay lipikar ap balm or even straight squalane oil biossance the ordinary .
stick with gentle cleansing and good moisturizing for a couple of weeks and see how it goes !
they also didnt have flaming unstoppable punches yet here we are
u/briansaves deleted posts because they would 've qualified for r/quityourbullshit
i 'm hoping it 's quicker than the ducati but i feel like he is a much more complete rider after this year so it should be easier .
even though the 4-0 team clearly gets better the 0-4 team ca n't wait until week 8 for bell to come back so trading him is a fine move .
probably could have gotten more but as someone else mentioned maybe that 's why he 's 0-4
could you possibly sign up a close friend and eat all the chocolate for them ?
shame they had to go and make i-vi look like arse on mobile because the actual 3d games look stellar .
i read that with a scottish accent in my head
it looks like he barely can contains his laughter when saying it
i 'll hopefully be strong enough to pull myself together and start working on new hobbies !
hello your submission https www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/comments/9kv3ge/h_venmo_w_50_amazon_gc was removed per rule 2 linked here https www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/wiki/rules wiki_2._active_redditor .
once you have read all of the rules in the wiki if you think that your account is active enough per rule 2 and you would like the moderators to review your submission for approval please message the moderators using this link. https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgiftcardexchange subject=rule 202 20approval 20request 20karma message=replace 20this 20text 20with 20a 20link 20to 20your 20post 20or 20comment. 20 0a 0amy 20submission 20or 20comment 20linked 20above 20was 20automatically 20removed 20from 20the 20subreddit 20by 20automoderator 20per 20rule 202. 20i 20have 20read 20the 20rules 20of 20this 20subreddit 20and 20think 20that 20my 20submission 20should 20be 20approved 20on 20the 20grounds 20that 20i 20am 20an 20active 20redditor 20as 20outlined 20in 20that 20rule .
add a link to your submission and hit submit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
so you watched intently while your date took a piss ?
they 're pieces of shit because they do n't like the president ?
it 's still their memories and personality just with a few extra mental disorders and now they have super strength invulnerability flight and lighting magic .
i 'm tired of hearing people saying they are afraid their son will be the target of a false accusation .
i think it is much more likely their son is assaulted or a daughter is assaulted than someone falsely accuses their son .
i 'd like the number so the argument can be made ... you would have to have 300 sons to have a likelihood than one is falsely accused .
every off season we would hear how well he was doing in camp just for him to get a lower body injury .
i can not predict your dogs actions and news flash dogs are still wild animals
been saying the same thing for a couple of months now the skill difference is so obvious on a fresh account compared to my main it 's impossible to be coincidence .
from my experience your mmr '' or whatever they use resets if you do n't play for a couple of weeks and i 'm pretty sure it 's also seperated for each mode .
just because it is short does n't mean it needs to be on r/playitagainsam .
lol if you have an undergraduate degree in art '' you are a financial liability .
better off never going to college and having zero debt ...
no cole is wr 1 for jags he has season long value
we put up with an avalanche of shit talk hate bias from every team all year long .
despite 5 straight division wins somehow we 're still garbage .
go check out r/baseball on any given game thread .
all year long i stay out of there keeping my mouth shut and letting them roast us .
it 's every dodger fan 's right and borderline obligation to shove it back in their faces .
because come april of 2019 no matter if the dodgers sweep their way to a title we 'll be enduring the incessant avalanche of shit from every other team once again .
if they can be so bold as to dish it out they have an obligation to eat the shit sandwich when they 're ultimately proven wrong .
did n't need to re-up the warranty or anything ?
yeah they had me go to the games section grab a brand new in box switch and bring it up .
i 'm not sure mine is only the joycon since i have connectivity issues .
i 'm considering if it happens again that i 'll go in and get one of the new skins pokemon or smash .
also the 'equal pay for equal work ' part is a gong show as employees have for awhile now exploited the fact that people fear change and not given raises inline with market rates .
so often at least in my industry you 'll see new people making more than 10 year veterans .
if this bill becomes law a lot of companies are going to have to hand out massive pay raises .
thats not at all what 'equal pay for equal work ' means
evolve 10 water types for a dratini is just a bit crazy .
so with the tealios i think the height feels fantastic .
if you had stiffer switches or more tactile switches i think you would probably want to use a wrist wrest .
if you had lower profile keycaps i do n't think it would ever be an issue .
for painting i would suggest a wet blending technique .
thin your paints significantly and then blend from black through lighter greys on the surface of the model .
i tend to break up the solid black with whites and red tones along with blues and greens for any buttons or lights .
i always find free-handing the designs to be more rewarding than transfers so i 'd suggest at least having a crack at that .
and if you 're feeling particularly extravagant it 's always fun to make some commander units solid gold with black trim .
the models ' proportions seem more balanced and they just look a hell of a lot nicer than basic space marine models .
as for specific parts to black templar-ify your general forces forge world is always a good place to start .
hope this helps and things work out for ya 😃 .
we have restorative justice practices where i am in sc and it works but we have a really active communities in school team and additional social work support too .
it sucks that your current school is not addressing the issues with the students properly .
because unlike in korea the southern nation did not gain enough support from the population plus the u. s. was losing support in the late sixties preventing the kind of multi nation invasion that stalled the korean war in the fifties .
then i 'm not the one that tossed civility out the window .
you were the moment you told some to commit suicide .
when someone does something like that there is no longer civility in the conversation .
if you 're a good person however then you do not allow civility to leave the conversation so long as you 're still alive .
the corect answer is u should have bought like 2-3 days ago .
from now on is just going up since the chest is not available in store and only on steam market and it already started to rise .
well im not sure how it works in your home nation but in america you dont get your deposit back until you 've moved out and the apartment has been inspected .
its also required that the deposit be held in a special account .
the deposit protects the property owner from damage not from being burned on the last month .
akeem said lewis has come out of his shell since lewis g left which is true and tomasz for some bizarre reason thinks him saying that is all part of a game
i do this with my own college stuff so i really hope the detour to africa gives him that finetuned focus for yandhi
much better point than other commenters assuming schumer is just flat-out conceding everything to the gop
alright first thing you got ta do is update your wii to 4.3 and find an sd card .
french cult film la grand bouffe about four incredibly wealthy friends who decide to binge eat themselves to death over a weekend of excess .
obama was so full of hate during his first term .
got some evidence of that or do you just mean when he gave his wife a fist-bump ?
i like them but i do n't really see the point in a bunch of diff companies
i 'm not saying kevin thorne should have been a world champion or anything but i thought maybe he would have made a decent midcard act during one of his runs with wwe .
it was probably stupid as hell in reality but when i was younger i thought mordecai was the coolest fucking character ever .
i was all in on that rumored undertaker feud that never happened .
he was basically a nothing in wwe so literally one program that mattered would have made him bigger .
if freaking heidenreich can recite poetry and get a ppv match with the deadman you 'd think mordecai could have had more than a cup of coffee .
buy them and you wo n't have to see them anymore !
if fg is the last expansion i really hope it ties the story up ... act 6 ends on such a cliffhanger which is bothersome .
fish do n't have feeling or feelings ... just content or stressed .
but they are neat critters and i love them much .
i do n't like her do n't hang around with her that would be childish and immature .
she blatantly disrespected me i would rather you did n't speak to her just now that 's acceptable .
you 're supposed to stick by your so and be there for them .
disregarding the fact that someone 's completely disrespected them because it 's not your problem is exactly the opposite of what a good partner does .
i wonder if he got into the role properly by hunting the most dangerous game .
ever since it came out on the shrine of secrets or whatever i 've been getting ds 'd almost twice a match now .
it 's ok when they obsession has it because you can try juggling them or just slug them but when multiple survivors have it it extends chases dramatically .
idk about nfl but on yahoo it processes your highest bid first .
you still get your other picks you just have to out bid other managers .
how would you play the video from the bigplayvideos.json file ?
i guess it 's good i 'm a cyclist and motorcyclist as well then .
how in gods name can we not cover ? ? ? ! !
thank you for taking time to respond to me .
i joined reddit for a few other interests and this one has been such a huge help for me trying to maintain my home now all on my own .
i was the only one on mic until i hear hello ?
can you hear me now ? in a high pitched voice .
because we communicated and gender does n't correlate to skill and if you think otherwise you 're either a 30 year old incel or a 12 year old boy .
mormon 's do n't have a great history when it comes to sexual assault and abuse .
gold hoarders with multiple x 's on one island oos with 3-4 captains preferably ones on smaller islands merchant with lots of gold animals .
or you just go to the devils roar and do those voyages since every chest is worth double it 's original price
pressing '' is the term for using the iron to construct the garment or project .
a current partner who i plan to keep on with for a long time still checks in as do i with him .
it 's a big part of our dirty talk .
though one time i was so blissed out in the moment that i did n't hear him ask and when i did n't respond he stopped .
just completely lost the building orgasm for both of us .
we know that mahomes has a fucking flamethrower for an arm but this is where he proves what kind of fuel he runs off of .
usually that totally works and is something i do .
but for some odd reason today neither moving the camera or my inventory worked
nobody expects them to be a playoff team why not experiment and try stuff when else are they going to do it if not preseason ?
there are just a lot of really stupid people out there who ca n't figure out how to hold a conversation
denver needs to feed lindsey when they get the ball back .
do n't know if it 's to late but the doctor skit !
the first patient walks in with a cough the nurse tells them to sit down the softer will be with them shortly .
the next person comes in with something silly like they ca n't stop screaming .
the first patient then catches it and keeps doing it while the receptionist yells at them for it next they call the other person in .
rinse and repeat 4-5 times until the last person comes in and says their water broke .
the first patient typically male runs out screaming no no no not worth it etc
i started swapping them out for better lightbulbs as soon as they became available anyone remember cfls ? .
so without purposely going out of my way to get rid of incandescents i got rid of all of them a long time ago through natural burn-out .
army is pretty tough he might not have the energy to sustain the relationship .
perhaps he might think it 's better to end things on somewhat friendly terms then if one cheats on the other party or something .
the format of yugioh at that time being chaos which was from what i hear a terrible format as well as the og series ending let a lot of players to leave .
gx was literally the saving grace of yugioh without it yugioh might have ended just there .
a centralized peer-to-peer marketplace that provides a safe and secure place for makeup enthusiasts to efficiently trade/buy/sell makeup .
the current solution fb groups subreddits and forums provide a place for women to connect .
someone will announce that they have a sale and post a picture and details 4 swatched .
in order to claim an item you have to reply in a comment and then send the op your email which they can then send an invoice to .
problem often invoices are left unpaid which leads to a lost sales opportunity .
in order to find someone to buy your item s you have to constantly monitor discussions within groups .
no true database or sharing of information for scammers .
most groups are organized by their subscriptions to beauty boxes this means that most of the inventory they are trying to sell they are pitching the items to people who have received the same/similar items .
why i think it will work i believe that it 's a buyer 's market if the marketplace is opened up to a wider audience because many of these items are bought for a fraction of their retail value .
non-subscibers would be able to score items that are in-stores for full-price at much lower price .
for example in a 10 subscription box where you receive 5 deluxe sized samples a single lip stick sample 1.7g for the item in the box 2.4g in the full-sized product can be worth 17 if compared g to the full-sized item .
the subscription services often have 4-8 variations of these boxes which are marketed to the consumer as tailored for them based on their profile '' .
subscribers are frustrated because they believe they are receiving a customized bundle wherein fact the distributors do not have the ability to truly customize the boxes .
looking for sellers with brand-name mint-condition/new makeup/skincare/beauty items to post inventory on the marketplace
experienced developers who can help me further customize a peer-to-peer marketplace which is currently mvp for the specificity that this community requires
no transaction costs or cost to join as of right now .
i really need a tight end and have melvin ingram marshawn lynch and chris carson
i have a 2017 razer blade gtx 1060 i7-7700hq 512gb ssd .
i was on effexor and the physical withdrawals of this medicine were complete hell .
i think the point with people that are pro 2/2/2 is that they also are pro main and off tank/heals and at least having one main of each .
usually in my experience those that pick two off tanks or healers are n't actually pro teamwork or comp but just want to play their pick and not change .
this game is so good witten and crew ca n't even ruin it .
in ps4 floor 3 is off by 2 and floor 4 is off by at 4-7 pretty sure it is 6 but i 've got better things to do than watch it to be sure .
i have been using the well on my warlock to buff others i get around 12-18 primeval damage in those games .
but i also play blade barrage with the voop gun .
i 'd like to think they 're consciously using finn to get bayley more over but that 's probably giving them too much credit .
a melodious heartwarming tale about life love and the importance of cleaning your bathroom . ''
i have no doubt there 's an account called deleted going around posting the word removed
any unit you can get from a rare summon ticket will be useable for the mixer .
it 's just units like slime and dracky that you could get for free that will be useless .
more of a cheap rum type of gal atm lol but r/drunk is drunk .
they 've been able to flush him out but he can rifle on the run .
6 throws would be incomplete or overthrown if he did n't have a cannon .
if u wan na play my discord is cutegamer and the numbers are 4256 😊
like you natural sunlight or even take outside against white paper .
mcdavid i 've only used 10 of my power so far
honestly dude just find some friends and play as a stacked team .
trust me i play comp solo ... . and i 've gotten as high as 1,100 glory only to fall back down into the 400 's because i have shit teammates who rather rush into the opposing teams line of sight rather than just hang back and play it safe so we do n't lose our lives .
also countdown needs to go i hate that mode with a passion .
anyone other game mode i do ok in but countdown just sucks and when i get that my winning streak is about to end .
look at tomlins record for the first half of his head coaching career vs his second half .
that 's what happens when the dialogue gets hijacked by the yap-yaps .
both sides are guilty and thats why i refuse to entertain either .
fuck em all i 'm only in it for me now .
its because they ca n't get married in their country .
this is one of those your not wrong your just an asshole situations .
it 's also mentioned in the book from a certain point of view .
u/aussimbot here to debate the motion to recognise the work of general_rommel
they are always opaque and bright yellow and do n't even taste like banana .
see if you can transplant the hl2 ep2 file to the mod and see if it starts .
i used ashe with a 6 star staff of ramuh and garnets 8 star dress relic synergy lightning boost and fujin glasses wind resist and magic .
main magicite was max inherit garuda with empower 10 inherited .
subs were l99 quezacoatl max inherit evrae l99 krysta and max inherit siren .
i put ashe in slot 1 ... the stop wasnt an issue as her mind was so high staff and dress help along with siren .
i had dmt on ashe and have bsb amd usb .
start with bsb then did 1 quick chain thundaja .
had to work in the usb occasionally as those hits help .
start of last phase refresh bsb immediately after dispel .
spam cmd 1 etc until last stand got procd after the first big hit .
got in one cmd one and had some luck towards the end with a double cast to get me to full heal .
was able to spam cmd 1 to death of boss .
by that logic there are no traitors it 's just what we think .
i 'd assume its some sort of mashup of quarters and beer pong
the best ones now/on the horizon are to me god of war battlefield v and anthem .
it 's got ta be mutual to be fun ya ca n't just start wild dickin without some warm up or someone 's gon na get hurt/just not have a good time .
if this is true i hope it has multiplayer .
it would be ideal because u dont have a problem with the main characters like in the harry potter games .
i was going to call them in the morning .
he literally offered me the contract via email and asked for the original deposit .
about an hour later he found out about the extensive medical history and the next email was him changing his mind about the deposit .
did you really get married sb that you knew from reddit just after reading their post
or the fda looking to cull the marketplace except for the 3-5 major companies i.e .
tobacco companies that are able to pay for studies to show a b c ... that will be required for producing mods tanks ejuice throw in no online sales huge taxes on b m sales liquid nic starting to be regulated like pseudo ... and the only thing easily available/affordable for most will be mark10 or blu cig-a-likes limited nic no flavoring
you ca n't have every 6 year old hooked on nicotine .
if it 's better safe than sorry then sorry cigarettes 2.0 .
yeah ... time to stock up on just about everything .
players are human beings ... ... they have morale and they look at their manager to give them answers when the chips are down .
what can they do when that faith they have in their manager is broken ?
the bullet holes in my rank and spending 400 as a 10-12 year old to unbox an awp just to sell it for in game currency because i could n't afford to repair it
now she is in her prime of being punched in the face d https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=toyujmkrbkc
i have n't cleared it yet but i 'd be down to help 545 hunter psn is hoodnun
you gave bloodborne a 9 and that 's all i needed to know .
if you hated the system so much you should n't have allowed it to remain in place .
i do n't live in the us so i have no idea how you would legally get rid of the ‘first past the post ' system or even if you can but you had a democrat president for eight years .
i 'm sure if you wanted to it could have been removed before the end of obama 's term .
i believe it 's turned off by default so you might need to check your options first
maybe she even bought the kind that shoots fake jizz !
by god we may still be able to stay in denial yet .
i used to live in those houses right behind the train tracks and than moved to the apartments right behind bank of america .
i had a feeling my comment would get misinterpreted lol .
i 'm saying that i 'm not into middle aged men
this version sounds like its forever tarnished and marvel dont want to inherit any dodgy worldbuilding
you can hide under a rock but politics and rock are inextricably tied together .
i wanted to at least try and change that but i see reddit does n't .
also i got a tripper kill with a fire star .
if he votes to confirm you will not have been a 'dummy ' you will have been a rational person trying to get a republican to do the right thing .
however i 'd see that as the on-going function of a regulator .
hell the interim report we already have is already damning enough to justify regulatory powers that include such measures as say the scrotum hammer .
just be proud of your performance and pick malzahar for gold promos d
love how the sbc screen gives you an option to ‘do n't show this screen again ' on the warning that all the players you submit will be lost .
yet far more mundane things like this just repeatedly pop up .
the interesting part on spell tomes have been in both oblivion and skyrim but they did not disapear when read .
in my headcanon it is because there is a higher quality in the tomes created in cyrodill before the oblivion crisis .
while the ones in skyrim are less sturdy and crumble to dust when read .
important to note this is not established lore just my own explanation of gameplay .
in theory a magic user in tes can cast magic with only their mind no gestures incantation needed .
my guess many mages uses incantation stafs and other stuff to focus their mind .
afterall a stray thought would be realy bad when harnesing the magic of the universe
she also stated this in the article by cnn simply put ms. keyser does not know mr. kavanaugh and she has no recollection of ever being at a party or gathering where he was present with or without dr .
what happened someone pls explain ihve been gone for a while
we see that deep space waifu in your library .
i 'd give you a 7.5/10 better haircut would bump it upto an 8 .
i know everyones best of '' would be different because the band do n't have hits '' so to say but my personal best of would be
no it has to do with the fact hes being appointed as a fucking supreme court justice .
the goal posts cant be moved back far enough to justify the integrity required for the position .
the fact this is even a conversation he doesnt deserve the post .
the post immediately before this was nate from the office remarking about how gum has gotten mintier .
... ... you know rhino has a prime right ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
u probably dont need it yet after a couple thousand waves it will help .
also lightning tiwer is the best for waves so maybe that insted of ballista .
they were just waiting for the war to force them to get involved .
so strange now to think that the us was once hesitant to join a war lol .
manually check your config.txt do n't use autoplugin again ...
delete all vitacheat line and try again if your nonpdrm works or not
if you run a business and are losing money .
also as a business it makes sense to play to fans wishes .
just because they want to support it for five years does not mean they will .
i felt that way when i met my now husband .
to ease my pain whenever i would feel a pang of hes cheating because he said he worked a double yesterday it was a simple as letting me scour his phone .
he never had an issue with my trust issues and he was extremely patient with me when i would freak out and accuse him of cheating .
he 's never cheated on me to this day and my trust issues are a lot better now .
every once in a while i 'll have flashbacks of walking in on my ex dicking down my best friend and think my husband could be doing that and i 'll go through his phone .
he does n't mind as he has nothing to hide and it makes me feel better .
inb4 you get a wp pity breaker a few times in a row lol
official mobile will be up for download in a month
thanks u/skiddingschems and u/shadowizardftw we 've checked up on this over the last 24hrs .
we 're happy to say that you will be able to use your same user account for both firefox and chrome therefore any tokens you earn now on firefox will be in your account when you login on chrome .
the point is the four stoners on my team benefit from my loss ?
the case was never open the japanese blog post does n't say his ''
yeah cause you were soo specific and different from the rest
it goes to show his range as an actor !
kudos to the stylist responsible for his role as dong mae too .
i think the herbivore market as a k drama actor is probably bigger than my carnivore preference .
you raise fair points the way i see it mtg arena give you more rewards but they cost you more and hearthstone gives you less rewards but for free .
what it 's a pity is that one can not have a healthy discussion without being downvoted to hell .
it would be up to the prosecutor most likely .
at the end of the day if you stopped a criminal and did n't hurt anything or damage anyone you probably wo n't get anything other than a warning if that .
if the news covers it you might even get praised .
keep sight of that shame so you can work on it til it 's gone .
shame is the source of codependence self doubt and often jealousy .
working through it while having a vulnerable relationship with the person that elicited that shame is not for the faint of heart so keep on reaching out .
if you can find a poly-friendly counsellor all the better too .
guess tennesee will be the move for me after all .
now to just get moonsorrow over here and i can die happy enough .
werk or the lost tribe i killed 200 placeholders before he spawned .
you just have to make sure your purge comes at the rigth place .
if you want help with that you find me on 1039 during purge hours as belit
my le'veon bell and devonta freeman for his michael thomas and alex collins
my wrs demaryius thomas calvin ridley quincey enunwa tyler lockett and nelson aghalor
lone star running club meets on tuesday evenings i think they have a facebook page
because one twos and two fours ... etc 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂you troll your frends epic style😂 but you do n't have friends because you think this shit is funny😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
at micro center they have 144hz curved 1080p for 200 and then you can also get a 20 rebate
i peruse the sale section at least once a week .
probably the only brand i 've bothered to return stuff that did n't fit just because i buy from them so often .
now i can read at a 60 year old level .
if someone is doing something beneficial and another person is n't
i direct you to ivanka trump who pays other people to design make and market her dime-store fashion line .
i challenge you to find me one example of ivanka trump being a productive member of society that does n't involve her merely throwing money at a problem .
phone hitting the market and new ios hitting the market are 2 different things .
are you asking me to use my public comments for your reddit bot ?
i think it would be do n't try throwing gorillas in the water ''
it 's funny that anyone who suggests optimism in britain 's future is accused of being a foreign agent .
not sure if it 's just me but i 'd actually find this kind of comforting if it was true .
chesstempo has a mixed mode which mixes attacking and defensive puzzles https chesstempo.com/user-guide/en/blitzversusstandard.html mixedtacticmode https chesstempo.com/user-guide/en/blitzversusstandard.html mixedtacticmode
if you use chessable this book contains 100 puzzles where you need to find your opponent 's threat and defend accordingly https www.chessable.com/100-chess-tactics-100-chess-threats-for-the-club-player/course/10733 https www.chessable.com/100-chess-tactics-100-chess-threats-for-the-club-player/course/10733
i am so happy i finally got one i wanted before it was sold out 😍
i had his info in my wallet which was ruined later that week .
i wish i did so i could drop him a line .
it was on a flight to kawaii which the couple said they visit often .
from what i can tell by the image your line art is n't bad and your non human work is really good .
basically human faces i could see you needing to work some more on but easily putting in the practice i 'd see you getting there pretty quickly .
the biggest issue though i see is you do n't know how to take photographs of your art .
the images are never well centered you can usually see where the end of your page is compared to the background a big no-no you want the image to be cropped so it 's only the image and you need better lighting for most of your photos as it 's pretty all over the place in a single image .
photography of your art for social media is just as important as what you are drawing/painting so i 'd say you want to try and work on that some more .
so just do n't think too hard about it as long as it 's something you enjoy doing .
is it true that if a cop would see you spitting on the boardwalk you 'd be punished disproportionately strict ?
yeah my wife and i have been in our own house that we bought with hard work since 22 now 27 and on october 14th we are celebrating our 1 year wedding anniversary .
he always wore sweatsuits and stood in a garbage can for like 5 minutes for a dollar .
what cemented him in history was when he was confronted by a teacher for something i do n't remember he made the triple x the wrestler x over his crotch and told the teacher to suck it .
it was hilarious i do n't even think he got in that much trouble because this was the south and wrestling was huge at the time .
i saw him a few years later at community college still wearing sweatsuits i hope he 's doing well now .
his ball control in general is pretty average he 's just mastered chest control to an absurd degree .
i would n't say that he 's got fantastic ball control in general .
his wrecking '' abilities are overstated a bit if you ask me but he 's at least decent at it .
thank you so much i hope everyone gets to experience this feeling she really has changed my life
it wo n't work they say but warframe has been doing it for years .
first i chase the gun and then i chase the perfect set of mods .
also the right set of mods depending on the enemy i 'm facing .
warframe has individually unique weapons though not copy paste re-skins .
you may have a hard time moving conner with the news of bell reporting to the steelers
all liberals and media kept silent or not making much noise when tmc goons murdered bjp supporters during recent municipality elections .
literally unplayable 6/10 2000 apologems now mihoyo 2 days of maintenance let 's do a boycott reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
it 's a transfer of wealth that helps those specific people but not the overall economy .
the problem comes from the fact that that money was diverted from some other spending or investment
with better combat and removal of level scaling it would be a great game .
thank you for your help and i 'll be sure to save right away next time !
if you watch it this is definitely what he said .
well maybe i 've '' in stead of i '' but you know what i mean .
no its a really low bassy noise kinda like the cube
it 's all about whose nexus blows up at the end .
you just do n't want to walk into a shop or worse yet just call them and end with gim me gim me gim me !
i will give you the benefit of the doubt because i just checked and the sticky post on the sub is gone but the mods whether seriously or not threatened to ban people posting this because the sub basically became the pappa 's pizza sub for like 4 ?
you 're wonderful wife and i 'm happy your dh after all that abuse found someone to be there for him .
the only thing i like more in the old version is how the fire looks like .
do n't get me wrong the fire effect looks good in the new one but it looks more like some magical fire '' especially because of the color tint than actual fire .
could you claim the flase ban 10.000 with it ?
this is basically what happened in the beginning of the incredibles
the vultures that they are they do n't even pay for their veal parm sangweech .
lol the intern must be attracted to power whatever little he has because she 's certainly not in it for the looks .
wondering if the added settings and the manually installed pacakges will need to be removed once plasma 5.14 is released .
in my system kde neon 18.04 user edition running plasma 5.13.5 i had to manually install quite a few packages appmenu-gtk packages libappmenu-gtk packages and libdbusmenu-gtk packages and to add the following script to .config/plasma-workspace/env for gtk2 and gtk3 globalmenues to work
i think the idea is that if you ca n't even afford rent you probably ca n't afford a car note .
i really hope you evolved that into a gallade and not a gardevoir .
the nature sucks for gardevoir but good for gallade .
not feeling that great about our wr room currently .
also our dline depth is as shallow as a puddle .
if harrison works out i 'm hoping we do n't have to invest too much capital in the o-line this year .
maybe sign someone to replace hubbard if he keeps underperforming .
still not nearly as many holes as the last couple seasons .
please check the front page or try searching for similar topics .
please read the entire removal reason before contacting us via modmail or if you need clarification .
https www.reddit.com/r/wow/wiki/rules if you feel this post was removed in error please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwow .
i personnaly never buy games on release date mostly to save money .
but i would make an exception to that rule for kingdom hearts collections .
you do want them to ignore adds in halitali other than sprites .
basically you need to engage spam as you target the right thing at the time .
the healer should n't have any problems keeping you up and it burns down super fast .
they suck at darkhold but they can do it .
you just need to actually split the first pull in half stopping at the midpoint safe zone .
i ca n't figure out any way to get the tank all the way through that pull without being the tank myself and if i were the tank who would aoe ?
bully the poor person doing support the for website that 's totally going to get positive results because they have all the power to make it work right ?
i hope the boxes sell out when you 're in the middle of the purchase flow .
yeah but i get paid to shit while i reddit .
what 's weird is that you do n't ever see anyone saying something like paintball or airsoft should be in the olympics even though it 's essentially the physical version of an fps .
paintball is way closer to being a real sport '' and yet it still does n't really have a place in the olympics .
this sub is really welcoming but this is just pushing it lmao
i know very little about law and i know nothing about polish law .
i do n't know how true this is but supposedly polish law allows this case to go forward ?
after all he would n't try to sue if there were n't lawyers who told him he had a chance of winning right ?
what 's the point of signing a goddamn contract if one side can just change their minds about the terms 20 years later ?
does n't that set a troublesome precedent that might embolden people or companies who are displeased with how a decades-old agreement panned out to go to court over something that was settled a long time ago ?
could n't agree more this is going to look terrible in comparison .
not saying it 's going to be like n64 quality by any means but i almost guarantee that its going to look pretty crap .
i just see a bunch of blank spaces https i.imgur.com/504khva.png .
shit i was 6 when this game came out ... now im 10 fuuccccckkkkk
i 'm late as hell but i surely felt i need to comment your efforts !
kihara 's perfect counter measurements did not consider that accelerator already got some face punches before .
but should n't that info spread among the kiharas already ?
anyway amata did n't prepare for that and that was pretty much his doom .
i can totally see that accelerator would 've lost if that was the first time he experienced that .
kihara 's methods were just tricks that he 'd .
they were based around accelerator not being good at actual fighting and so the more that happened the less effective they became .
kihara amata 's trick requires almost superhuman precision and he probably also had the chance to practice on accelerator as a child too .
so it 's unlikely that anyone else could pull it off successfully .
but it 's amazing how her urge to get revenge on science managed to get herself into the leadership of the roman catholic church .
i think it 's less a case of her being suited to leadership and more have some kind of physiological trait that lets her use special spells .
as index said only god itself should be able to use divine punishment so she 's clearly different from your typical run-of-the-mill magician .
is that a one timer for vento or will it become one of his punchlines like breaking illusions ?
this seems to be quite liked among the community .
only vento was dumb enough to warrant the full preach .
everyone else was at least partially justified in their actions so they only called out for being counterproductive .
i 'm having a hard time imagining accelerator as a beautiful white swan but i get what you mean .
i completely failed to connect that to synesthesia on my first watch .
probably due to having a hard time connecting anything index the person does to science .
her glowing did n't help either so i assumed it was some purifying song that did n't need her mana similar to her sheol fear .
in the novel the light was purely metaphorical something that opposed academy cities so called darkness .
lem me just ... lem me just get that .
actually the current railgun arc looks like it 's setting up one big connection to one of index iii 's arcs .
i think railgun is usually at it 's best when it has these strong tie-ins to the main series .
what glue did you use to adhere him to the base ? ?
i 'm having a hell of a time securing my starting six to the clear bases and finding ones that do n't look like shit when they dry .
hate to break it to you but there is a 0 chance of any school giving paintball scholarships .
shes done it all her life shes 10 now and her hips have n't been damaged
you think starcraft 2 is mechanically easy compared to aoe2 ?
on second play through this time on hard and iron man .
came across a dragon really early as i was running 2.5-3 skull missions with the starter mechs .
the dragon is n't that great but i 've got it and the starter mechs so i replaced the light mech in my lance with it .
the enemy defense lance is down as is all my mechs but the dragon .
in a last ditch effort as my dragon was down to it 's head ct and one leg i ran up to melee the orion .
ended up kicking it in the head destroying it .
i do n't have any online games for switch does this require the online service fee ?
i grab my toolkit and disassemble him for valuable parts
right but the awful hair work should disqualify this imo .
it should have great makeup and hairstyling to win the award .
i 'd go boyd conner ekeler jones jr. davis in that order
life is strange 2 episode 1 part 5 motel https youtu.be/feqorucvjx8 ? t=2018
description two brothers are forced to run away from home after a tragic incident .
in fear of the police they head to mexico while attempting to conceal a myster ...
i was in the corps a couple years ago and just got to my new duty station along with 3 other guys from our training school who were white .
me and the 3 dudes became cool because of the whole we went to school together and we got here together and one of them john was legit cool and rowdy and a fun time .
john got in good with everyone in our new platoon but had some reservations about the new york/nj and alabama/georgia/florida guys in our platoon that i got in cool with who happened to be combination of black and hispanic .
i bonded with those southern dudes through anime and video games and movies especially with brian who was a spanish dude from jersey and frank who was a jamaican dude from florida who both loved anime and playing madden and i kept spending more time with them hanging out and chilling but john was still standoffish about them because he said they were lazy and just wanted to drink henny and smoke .
i remember we all were getting ready to go on a holiday weekend and we all gathered up for a safety briefing and i was posted up waiting to get going and john came over to bullshit .
we were talking and he saw brian head over to frank and the southern boys and said oh look there goes brian heading over to those ni**ers .
damn monkeys and left me dumbfounded like dude what the hell ? ! .
that 's when i learned of how deep and casual the racism was in some parts of the corps .
no worries about it i 've placed my assumption on days or weeks '' it 's how our brain operates when dealing with situations that are common to us right ?
no worries about it ... and do n't use reddit at work p
all it really would take is kroenke deciding one day that he does n't need the rapids to keep altitude tv afloat they 're barely ever mentioned on altitude radio and that las vegas looks really really shiny .
i use that but i dont have a print screen and oc said using that it is scary to use
i want to point out that pretty much everything in this video ... is faked .
he 's a lifelong republican ... does anyone here think that a politician who was smart enough to get to one of the highest political offices in the country has enough morals to pick them over a victory for his party and his political beliefs ?
fuck no flake is in truth no better than any of the most craven of his colleagues .
i still have flashbacks of my apartment smelling like my neighbors weed .
i own a detached house now but if i was a renter i would specifically look for a building that bans it .
this is coming from a guy that smoked a lot of weed in college .
klay is the better shooter and great on wing d. bosh was a great shooter for his position and helped the heat spread the floor fully and still provide interior d and rim protection .
you guys u/lvl69hitmonchan and u/dreyfus2006 are being a little dramatic .
this game will probably be fun and probably sell very well .
plex is software that you can put on your computer/phone/tablet/whatever to watch your media .
has a nice interface remembers what you watched gives extra information
edit grey/black ratsnake is a common name for a color pattern shared by three different species of pantherophis ratsnake across the northern portion of their range .
the black ratsnake species complex formerly elaphe obsoleta underwent revision in 2001-2002 from multiple authors and received two main changes .
first the complex was delimited in burbrink 2001 based on what were then modern molecular methods where three distinct lineages were uncovered that did not reflect previous subspecies designations .
each of the three geographically partitioned taxa were elevated to full species status and subspecies were discarded .
the polytypic color patterns in these species are most likely under strong selection by the local environment and do n't reflect evolutionary history .
where species intersect and habitat converges color pattern also converges leaving these species nearly morphologically indistinguishable to the naked eye .
second using elaphe as a genus name was n't the best way to reflect phylogenetic history so the genus pantherophis was adopted for new world ratsnakes in utiger 2002 .
remember species names are hypotheses that are tested and revised .
while the analyses published in 2001 are strong and results are geographically similar in other taxa these species are currently being investigated using modern molecular methods and the taxonomy may be updated in the future .
the three currently accepted species in this complex are western ratsnake pantherophis obsoletus central ratsnake pantherophis spiloides and eastern ratsnake pantherophis alleghaniensis .
if you really think that my question was so easy to answer then why google it i guess you are really that smart because u got all ur knowledge to ur friend google .
edit trov is moving up bought in at .79 and it 's at like .81 rn so get in while u can
why is nobody paying you for your strategy of 100 voo/spy .
seems like you 'd make a killing with such a surefire strat .
because i 'm not licensed bonded and insured like vanguard or spdr .
lots of people do pay them for that privilege though .
amongst professionals whose literal job it is to beat the s p picking stocks 90 of them fail over the long-term after fees .
therefore i find it to be a long-odds bet that a random retail investor could devise a scheme that would do so successfully over the long term .
rahul 's a good baker and all and obviously not very confident but i find his shyness goes past being modest and is kind of annoying .
like smile when you get a compliment mate instead of saying sorry every second word .
he doesnt care about the public in fact he revels in conning them every opportunity he gets he 's looking for professional acknowledgement from a loved one .
chuck kept him out of hhm now kim is keeping him from wexmac and assoc .
the baltimore ravens are not worthy of hate just cold indifference .
the former entity responsible for their creation however may he and his pride rot in hell .
defo say punching darts and breakin hearts on a night out tho
it can be hard at times especially when cutting weight and you 're not eating a lot but it 's possible if you have a varied diet .
use the website cronometer to check where you maybe deficient in regards to nutrients and you can then make adjustments to your diet so you can hit all your nutritional needs
before starting uvhm i went and did a quick farm for it .
it 's not perfect but is enough for me now .
your post has been removed because it links to an unapproved domain .
while links to other domains are permitted here they do require moderator review .
please read this entire message before you reply and before you contact the moderators about your post .
if you are submitting a completed project that meets the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines and you made the project yourself you may message the moderators to request that your post be manually reviewed .
if you are asking for help with a specific aspect of a diy project and are linking to a website to explain your problem please use the submit a help request https www.reddit.com/r/diy/submit ? selftext=true link instead .
include the link to the website in the text of the post and also include additional context and details so that others may help you more easily .
if you 're asking a question that does n't meet the specific question about an aspect of a diy project '' requirement such as how can i fix the problem shown in this website '' or how can i make the project shown in this website '' such posts generally do not meet the help request requirements in our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines .
consider asking your question in the simple questions r/diy/about/sticky thread at the top of r/diy rather than creating a new post .
remember that all posts are required to meet the posting guidelines .
we encourage you to read the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines for more information .
if you believe your link meets the posting requirements please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy message=please 20review 20my 20non-imgur 20submission 20at 20https www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/9l1tpv/10_easy_ways_to_make_your_economy_flight_feel .
if you 're trying to post a product/promotion or trying to drive traffic to your website please see reddit 's spam rules here http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f and if you fall into that category please go somewhere else .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
hard to tell some of the things listed here are horoscope-level they apply to pretty much any kid .
yeah but in this case it 's a cruel reminder to the op that they missed out lmao whatever
he hasnt won anything and he is a terrible leader thus the situation we are in .
i hate when people criticize wiggins and towns so tough .
i mean could you let one of them turn 24 yrs old first ?
it was a long rant throwing insults at kavanaugh and calling him a lot of things for no reason other than his account being a paid shilling bot .
i 'm not entirely convinced that was malaria sounds more so like you just got the ol ' african shits .
malaria tends to knock you on your ass with more than just some diarrhea .
we 've just received ours in mass and it includes an analysis of the potential financial impact of the proposed bill as well as short letters from official groups both supporting and not supporting the bill and the full language of the bill as well as a shorter summary .
amd sells off 13 because of one report that says intel is speeding up its 10nm tech lol .
imo i think investors were looking for an excuse to sell and take profits and this is the perfect excuse .
for my part i think the bluefin report is overblown .
if intel was indeed making strides in their 10nm process i would have expected swan to mention it in his open note .
instead he said that they 're increasing investment in their 14nm fabs while saying 10nm was on track for 2019 as we all knew .
until i see actual evidence that 10nm is improving i see this report as just a rumor .
already deleted it per 'ask ubuntu ' documentation to restore my reputation
similar issue to what i was having when i hooked up an external monitor
answer was nothing but some bash script to fix the problem with instructions on how to use it
got answer banned for all of 'ask ubuntu ' automated banning performed by a bot someone programmed same as fb twitter and everything internet
someone probably checked it as not applicable and i get banned by a bot
baez is cocky but also plays as hard as anyone .
as a rurikid trying to create russia or as a habsburg and try to form the archduchy .
did n't see the video on my phone that 's pretty awesome though .
i love when starbucks employees pretend like everything is sunshine and rainbows .
early this year he was on beyond the rift and explained that a he prefers playing these champs anyway and realizes that they 're harder to execute in organized play and b he realizes that his chances of making it '' as a streamer have already been made but his chances of being in the top tier of pros has not .
it makes sense too you do n't want to get picked up by a team just to sit on academy the whole tie sacrificing a lot of streaming revenue nor do you want to get picked up by a team that has other problems and get reduced to losing on ornn/cho'gath all of the time .
by the way i have n't actually heard any streamer who say that the lifestyle is nice .
most of the interviews with streamers involve them explaining how hard it is for them to keep it up at times and how they 've had to really construct things in their days that involve health and socialization .
i have no idea why anyone would down-vote your post .
i hope for you that you are able to connect to someone who has gone through some of the same things .
just because she wins on the going-through-some-shit-o-meter does n't mean that you are n't .
this video is literally 0 clickbait the title is exactly what is shown in the video
no i 've flown him around in one a few times .
i need some of the shit this troll is smokin
no steal creature '' cards work i think except for arrest ? .
just played a tribunal mirror and my opponent spent 9 mana on chodala treachery to no effect whatsoever .
how is it even possible to break a game 's mechanic like that while presumably fixing completely different bugs i have no idea .
i 'm asking if there 's any fucking big flaw and not if the stitching is 1:1
but i suppose you could take another adderall before the drive .
if you do this i dont think you would need to drink coffee .
e swap coffee for tea i always feel like this cleanses me .
will have a think about it and come back to you .
liverpool should not feature as they dont usually release them consecutively ... .
it would be a disaster if they really do that though
if you wan na watch the old movies then you have to rent them on amazon ... . yep ... you pay for your subscription and still have to pay for individual movies .
the best thing is to just go with what feels right to you .
my managers have asked me several times if i want to go full-time but i say that i like it as it is .
usually i can pick up a few extra shifts here and there if i want to and feel like it but that 's different .
i know myself and that i need the extra time to recover so that is that .
unfortunately it is not easy to show to people that this is the best you can currently do especially if they are nt 's .
their mindset is of course different and they might think that if he can handle pt he can do ft '' .
i bought an older smaller house for 92k so i only put 3200 down .
i 'm a millennial who went to smaller school and got a degree in a lucrative field so now i 'm 30 100k income working on my second house no real debt just my 265 student loan which i pay with a smile .
it comes in handy because even if people default on their loan the phone is n't blacklisted from carriers .
i love the swag of those folks trying to get away
ur one of the ppl he speaks of in this post .
u shall be the first to die from said natural selection which will not be old age ... cheers
technically those are light rail cars being used as trams which is why they 've been destroying the streets of oslo since the 90s .
nah there is a sit down interview too https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t\_o6bmtb48a https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t_o6bmtb48a
probably the scout rate was messed all my friends got 1-2 6 star and several 5 star
boros because going wide and pulling wins out of nowhere is awesome .
honest question is this a screen or is it real ?
hey my advice is keep living there and dont have anything worth a lot at home cash or jewelry once you have a modest living not only will you save money but you are much less likely to get robbed and if you do you just laugh it off cuz its cheap to replace .
life expectancy access to health care literacy poverty levels number of hours expected to work electricity indoor plumbing fire departments .. just to name a few
i mean it 's kinda ridiculous sure they do n't support sse 4.1 which is hardware based but raw performance wise the i5 750 matches the laptop jaguar cores on the ps4 or xbox .
current pop just feels like watered down hip hop with more melodies .
yeah hes right almighty push used to be 8 seconds so is the lariet .
no need to unplug the drives this is n't windows xp times anymore unless you execute something it wo n't just run .
there are exceptions to this but i doubt we 'll see actual rootkits or ransomware garbage in this subreddit .
dban takes a bit too long for my liking tbh grab a usb flash smack w10 iso into it pc off plug the drive boot from usb format the hdd wipe any partitions if leftover and it 's good enough .
you only know you love her till you let her go ''
i do n't have any kids and honestly not sure i will or even would like to have them .
obviously the unexpected can happen and people change but i think if i do have kids it 'd likely be just one child .
kids are expensive and as great as i 'm sure they are they will likely add more work/time/money to be able to fire young .
for college my plan would be to do something like open a 529 plan when they 're born with about 5k down and then add 3k into it every year .
with 6 average annual real returns that comes out to about 107k which should cover the first 2-3 years of college .
i might pay for the last year for them or maybe split it with my kid .
if they do n't decide to go to college they can use the money for training getting in the trades or for a home down payment .
if they qualify or obtain any things like scholarships or student aid could help as well .
part of the deal would also involve my kid working summers or a couple days a week to help cover basic living expenses while at college while i take care of the tuition and fees .
you just have to determine what you 're going to do and how you 're going to go about doing it .
save your money and invest consistently while trying to take advantage of any tax advantaged accounts and just be patient .
3k a year might sound like a lot but if college/student loans are anything like today then it will help give your kid a nice advantage early on and not have them in sizable debt right out of college .
it definitely gets harder the more kids you have so make sure you take costs like this into consideration for such important decisions even if the effects wo n't be felt for almost two decades .
sooo ... at tlc it will be a ladder match between rusev and aiden but with the tape hanging above the ladder ... ?
i do n't know if ronaldo is innocent or not .
if he 's guilty he should pay but it does look shady that she took the money .
from the little i 've seen of him he seems very impressive .
as i said earlier though the nrl is littered with one year wonders .
there are no guarantees when buying players but i 'd feel good if the dragons were the club with him on our books .
it depends what price we could get him on a long term contract for .
pilots usually chew on bubble gums or eat candies to cope with the stress of landing .
from what i understand taking off is easy but landing takes a toll especially during bad weather
dear god yahoo is the worst click bait site ever
i 'd also like to know i 'm around 490 not really trying for it
no artificial problems made that can be fixed with total bs rng or a 100 success cash shop item
free permanent dlcs if you play actively and simply log in
gold to gem conversions and vice versa that isnt completely broken as farming gold and getting 100~gold for 400gems doesnt even take that much time or effort if you know what youre doing or follow a online guide
loads of interacting in open world with npcs dialogues objects and hidden chests .
most mmos have just mobs around to kill and gathering nodes to pick up
the casual nature of open world pve suits me .
there are also multiple ways to explore and lvl up which gives me the ability to try out so many different kinds of play styles builds and made up challenges including some sort of personal '' rp
fashion wars is great and personally i like how i cant reskin my heavy armor into clothes or a sword into a scepter like some other games allow you
i like how in structured pvp its arena based its objective based and all players are on even ground since they all have all skills and free pvp gear unlocked right from start
both pvp and wvw offer various pve rewards trough tracks
the great amount of qol we got trough all these years for free some of which are often hidden behind a pay wall or a vip sub in other games
high lvl 5man fractals the only gear grind '' in a form of having top quality gear which as hard as getting high amounts of agony infusions which keep you alive on said high lvls
10 man raids for legendary armor unique skins and chairs ... yes..chairs
there are 8 core classes one is unlocked with a expansion buy .
each of those professions have their own take on raw dmg condition dot damage healing support and defense .
they can all equip the same amount of same group of stat sets meaning any profession can become super tanky or super glass cannon .
on top of that each profession has a unique profession mechanic that separates then from everyone else .
rangers have pets they can command and collect but a mesmer has illusions to summon and a elementalist has double the amount of weapon skills via elemental attunements .
further more each expansion unlocks a unique elite specialisation for each profession which switches around the core profession mechanics .
for example a elementalis can become a tempest if you buy hot expansion and can overload an attunement for powerful aoe attacks but a pof expansion he becomes a weaver which lets the ele attune in 2 attunements at the same time using 2 elements at the time .
this order would be how you go from trash gear to very best min maxing
you acquire exotic gear available from all sorts of sources .
crafting gold karma achievements or just buying them from the auction .
this lvl 80 exotic gear will serve you for ever in all content as there are no lvl cap increases ever
you further upgrade your armor with exotic runes and weapons with exotic sigils for extra stats and effects .
you can use food and utility buffs for a slight temporary increase in stats .
also very easy to craft and even simpler to buy from someone else
there is also ascendant quality gear above exotics but offer only minor stat increase .
they are account bound and more expensive to craft but ascendant quality trinkets and some weapons are very easy to get via season 3 living world maps dlc or achievements
the only real benefit to ascendant quality gear is that it has infusion slots which you use to slot a special infusion upgrade
these infusions usually only provide agony resistance a special stat that reduces damage from agony that is only available in higher lvl 5man content called fractals .
you can also further upgrade agony infusions can be very costly so that each infusion grants a 5stat such as power condi dmg vitality ..again very costly and only there for min maxing
again ascendant quality gear are all acc bound so once you have that super min maxed gear you can also transfer it via your bank to any other lvl80 character you have on your account .
and in case your other character doesnt benefit from the stat set you chose on your ascendant gear it can be changed to a different stat set for a small price via a special mystic forge system
it has an intro where you jump off an airplane and parachute down to the city .
and you iirc steal the parachute from one of the enemies on board .
and since character customization is a thing the player character can totally be a bald fat bearded man .
this sounds like a great way to end up with 1 point from your rb2 this week .
everything in the world is made up of tiny dots .
if you could zoom in on every object in the room you would see these very small particles moving around .
they look like a bunch of tiny circles squished together surrounded by smaller circles orbiting the center mass nucleus like planets around the sun .
atoms are made of three smaller parts protons and neutrons the circles in the center and electrons the small circles orbiting the center .
protons have a positive charge and electrons have a negative charge .
when you have the same number of protons positive and electrons negative the atom in called neutral it has no charge .
but if the atom loses or gains another electron it is called an ion .
for example you have an atom with 8 protons and 8 electrons so the charges are balanced and cancel out .
but then you add an electron so you now have 8 protons and 9 electrons .
you now have one more electron negative which makes your atom negatively charged 1 .
put simply ions are atoms that have a different number of protons and electrons .
adoette just holler that you 're a luma and i 'll add you .
i 've given up on streaks i swap around way too much swapping from day shift to night shift !
how can you enjoy your headset when u cant look at the picture of the box its delivered in ! ?
spiral bound feel like stolen content printed from a pdf with a do not copy '' watermark .
stitch binding is also nice but i do n't think i 've ever seen any rpg books/bestiaries/etc .
as soon as a guy comes within 5 feet of a woman .
this was painful to watch though the 90 's color schemes have always made me nauseous
have about 45 minutes till i go to work and need a release
there is a huge amount of traffic travelling through the city a bypass is needed for this traffic .
i am 345 and have much more.. and we managed to do a 6 nearly in time and 4 with 3 stars so from ilvl definitive doable !
that just means everyone dressed like a prisoner is gon na end up like ben tramer
the computer running the server is probably running anti-virus software with rules to block incoming java connections .
as long as she does n't walk like akali does im fine .
after classes ended he would full sprint to the buses .
he also wore a black trenchcoat every damn day .
i live in a very warm place where the temps in summer are high 80s to 90s and in the winter it usually hovers around the 50s at the lowest .
its a tantric buddha not the buddah of love and sex there is a sculpture in the met i took a photo of i shall locate it .
i think it 's a vajrayana buddhist artwork a type of tantric buddhism .
also shakti is the cosmic forces that move through the universe but a lot of hindu and buddhist cultural institutions are called shakti centers or shakti organizations so it could be written as an id of ownership
source have been to many many shakti centers lived in nepal and do the hindu stuff .
try not to load up on all your sciences at once .
i did that and ended up having to retake chem and micro because it was too much .
it 's better to lessen the load and make better grades than to pack it all in one semester .
it 's been five and they 've gotten over it for the most part .
i ca n't really stop the random family members .
it makes me feel like they 're comfortable with me and i ca n't really fault them .
plus we 're only there once a year at most .
if your not married maybe stay off the married boards .
as they say in bjj rolling light means rolling with as little effort as it takes for me to be winning '' .
i think journal of science of the human intestinal tract jshit is a great place to start .
motel could decide to kick you or one day and legally there is nothing protecting you like a lease
he did the exact same thing to me the very same person .
pretends his inventory is full and puts chaos in instead
no one is saying that sc justices are not allowed to have opinions and it 'd be ridiculous to think they did n't
and so i ask you again why is it appropriate for a sitting justice to express such a wildly partisan line ?
before 10 more people fly down screaming about merrick garland i would advise you to re-read the point i 'm making because you might realize bringing up garland does n't make much sense at all .
i said that line in reference to the fact that republicans in the case of kavanaugh were not the ones saying no to his nomination .
in that sense it would n't have made any sense for kavanaugh to say that republicans were the opposition .
simply because you see an opportunity to bring up merrick garland does n't mean it 's the right one .
you can even masturbate on busses and people will just ignore you .
feel safe to get wood on the bus my son feeeeeeeeeeeel saaaaaaaaaaaaaffffe !
at this point late in the game you need to challenge no matter what .
submissions to r/okbuddyretard that are similar to this one https reddit.com/r/okbuddyretard/comments/9kx9w8 with confidence scores
about dupebro https www.reddit.com/r/dupebro/comments/973sue/what_is_dupebro_how_does_he_work_and_how_can_i click here to do a reverse search http dupebot.com/search ? url=https i.redd.it/to4vf807wvp11.jpg
yes this is great but i want to make note on the link that i aggregate .
my perfect use case would be i found good link/article/any other objects on the internet .
saved it into the system write something about it .
and then be able to find it search it catalogue it for later .
i 've found some fork of old reddit codebase which i think it turns out to be pretty cool lesswrong2 https www.lesswrong.com github repo https github.com/lesswrong2/lesswrong2 and effectivealtruism http effective-altruism.com .
although they used it as forum discussion but my purposes pretty much the same like them .
sorry u/katelawry your submission was removed because it 's breaking the rule 7 8 of the r/legalteens
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
i downvoted but clicked anyway and was pleasantly surprised .
how did you even target the ground through the barrier ?
does the los block only count going forwards or something ?
i 'm a guy though so her being short is perfectly normal for a girl her age .
there are tall ass girls out there though there is one girl in one of my classes that 's like 6 feet or some shit
that was n't the intention i 'm legitimately asking .
maybe it 's because i main insect glaive and have better mobility ?
i definitely would n't want to use a greatsword against him .
my 13 year old self hearing that comparison being made over and over for hijab thought it made so much sense ... now being older hearing it is just cringy lol .
women are so much more complex human and valuable than a dang lollipop .
great for getting into joists to cut pipes that would be impossible with any type of saw .
i 'm a big fan of this tool on finishings though .
for years i used a hacksaw for cutting drainage under kitchen sinks and basins .
i 'm almost the exact same as you i got medium .
it 's on its way n the length seems to be good in comparison to my other shirts
i 'm almost positive it 's it 's not the journey it 's the shortcut
my favorite moments from fwob was when dillon got beat the fuck out in mario baseball by yellow toad and the mario party 7 i love my friends episode .
also i 'll always hold the walking dead as the best dillon cade play through remember always wear a fwob shirt while shooting up a school
twenty years ago you would have said spider-man needed an origin story .
but it 's not just that we 'd already seen it by the time homecoming rolled around – i really do n't think younger audiences missed anything by launching straight into his character .
it put his powers in focus from the start and helped the pacing immensely – they still introduced the character without needing to introduce the hero .
thor 1 was n't really an origin story – it was just here he is .
they tried to turn it into a pseudo-origin film with him earning his powers back and the movie suffered for it .
as long as there 's character growth or development in their first film i think we can absolutely afford to skip the whole lost in a lab shebang these days .
all it does is deprive the audience of 30 mins of what they actually came to see .
the mobile game would 've been fine without the energy bullshit
i changed my mind i 'm dropping callaway but godwin has n't hit 14 pts in any game this season and thats while scoring 3 tds
if any men in your life are treating women that badly do us all a favor and kick their sorry asses .
i love the books but this is something that 's kind of solidified as i 've gotten older the women in the books are almost uniformly abusive in a way that 's just a little too close to reality and it comes off like he just thinks it 's normal .
which is common for abuse survivors especially child abuse survivors and male victims of abusive female partners who have to deal with the stigma of being a big strong man cowed by a much smaller woman .
tl dr it was too real in the wrong ways for that to be what he was going for .
do you know if grass sphere stops take away ?
i think it does since it 's basically the same as stopping celesteela 's rendevous .
my boyfriend tried to break up with me over the phone but i demanded i would n't accept anything other than in person so i made him man up and do it .
crazy how you can give so much to someone and they just take you completely for granted .
i 'm so sorry that this happened to you but you will find someone who so appreciates everything you do for them
please tell me murray is ok what is this shit
it definitely seems like he likes to shoot 3s for show because it 's the worst '' but still very serviceable part of his game .
if they can convince him to get in the post more he really could do shaq numbers .
on the other hand he 's got two other top-tier guys who need that lane if they wan na score ...
i know people like that that 's why i said it
heh i 'm pretty sure i have stayed in that exact hotel room !
i wonder if i slept in sheets that had previously been drenched with her juices and didnt know it ...
yes its a 2019 emonda alr disc frameset custom built up with mostly carbon bits ultegra .
thank you very much i love how this bike turned out !
rear facing but she is tall so it is hard to put her in my husband wants to move her to ff but i want to keep her rear facing as long as possible .
if he had been enlisted he should fight for the side that he supports .
if he doesnt then he should accept asylum as offered instead of insisting what i learned recently to go to canada .
i dont understand the rationale of entitled people like him .
i just hope we dont waste taxpayers resources by jailing him and just deport him back to his nation of origin .
well i 've been using level 2 spikeweed planting them on the three power tiles
then ill just use level 2 jalapeno and level 3 cherrybomb whenever suns are available
i use spearmint too but they 're just added bonus
just use the plant food on either of the spikeweeds planted on the power tiles
you seem to know enough to know that the people in charge will not willingly fix the problem even though they are aware of it .
i 'm so glad you posted this and that so many people agree !
somebody just posted the other day about how they thought this book should be expunged from the western canon it was so boring stupid overblown etc .
my first thought was i see you big brother ! ''
but my second thought is now just being glad that other people still know that this is one of the most significant books of the previous and current century .
apropos of nothing you should also watch the documentary icarus if you have netflix .
it 's about a lot of things but 1984 is a major plot point .
some banks and similar businesses have the employees chat with customers to try and find out what 's going on in an attempt to protect them from scams .
i thought we had been agreeing on the problems with legault 's law .
my examples were mean to illustrate some of those problems to reinforce what you had said before that .
some of the examples i gave reflect people i know others were hypothetical or thought experiments meant to strengthen the problems we seemed to both see with the law .
but given your tone i 'm no more inclined to continue this thread than you are .
it 's hard to find capital when you 're concerned about eating regularly .
someone here tested it a while ago just to make sure could n't get the headset to power on with the newer box .
a fancy robot arm could make this so much easier .
i 'll be down for some rocket league whenever .
women who are n't a fan of dressing modestly as per islam 's standards will often make comments like there 's nothing sexy about my knees or my shoulders or my shins .
you sexualize a woman 's body when you force her to cover it . ''
you look cute as both btw makeup game is on point and i 'm very jealous of your skill .
i just put all four windows down and got the car up to speed .
by the time the ac is blowing cold you 've replaced the superheated air with ambient air .
when i was in texas one of my favorite things was that the sinks in macdonald 's were shaped like texas .
man i fuck with intergang intergang is the hypest .
i 'd also like to put my ladies livewire and puzzler on that list .
livewire 's great in the cartoon and puzzler 's a perfect joke villain for a side quest chain .
i did make it on the ti calculator but it 's not original .
in his timezone it 's actually 1 am since la goes by pst .
yeah the first 1/4 of the game it did seem to work .
it 's a risky strategy and proved so when it stopped working and liverpool did n't adjust .
instead looking at a running player and not doing anything until the pass was played to him and by then the napoli player was already on the offensive side of the liverpool players causing them to hurry back hard to cover .
so i can sit next to carson daly and fred durst
and hear them argue over who she gave head to first .
when i was younger my dad would catch me in the bathroom dunking my pillow in the toilet saying i 'm hungry '' .
i have n't had any sleep walking episodes since i was 13 .
it 's only worth 739 words now due to inflation and it 's only going to go down from here .
i like how it 's always the shittiest states in the union with the worst economies and education scores that spend so much time and money on shit like this .
i like how currently 50 of the us senate is comprised of senators that represent a mere 18 of the country 's population the majority of which are red states .
abortion is supported by americans at a 2-to-1 margin but you nevertheless have senators like susan collins who think it 's a 50-50 issue .
yes you get to have something dictate your schedule but your able to do things whenever you want generall listen to music while taking care of it have tv on the background be at home for one time ... i would take that over a 9-5 job any day
i saw it on hot topic i 'm 99 sure !
weird what a sudden 180 in beliefs now that she 's campaigning with gillum .
she has literally 0 values as a person except what will give her more money at any given moment .
destiny 1 elemental system is different from d2 which is why it was random in d1 and cant be in d2
i think he 's just saying that to try to appease both sides .
i think he is a yes unless there is something damning to come out of the fbi .
i do n't think he would have let it out of the committee otherwise .
i 'd say a yes '' vote is about 75 .
i 'm not sure of how common it is but you 've got the right thought .
definitely more common the worse a buyer 's credit is as you can avoid down payment requirements or credit checks capping your loan limit .
the owner knows all of the ins and outs .
and even if they do n't need the money right now meaning they do n't take an external loan to get the cash they should be willing to hold the loan because they know the business has a steady enough income to afford op the payments .
if the owner is n't willing to carry paper it 's a sign that there 's some hidden costs or issue that the owner is n't disclosing .
i hear the people on me_irl who constantly joke about suicide .
i 'm starting to believe there is a hidden realm where our mind passes through for a fresh start .
i would be happy staying in the same body tbh .
maybe you 'll get a few responses of people who have used chantix and can share if it works good side effects etc before you try and figure out filling the prescription .
i quit many times and it 's not easy .
yup and when you tell politically apathetic people about this stuff in my experience they usually just say is that true ? ''
then they just say oh '' and file it away somewhere in their mind .
yeah i just went there to check it out .
i collapsed the top comment of the top post and everything else was removed
the song feels very real to me but it always leaves me feeling that things can be ok .
also the song is literally about when you 're down on your luck
you can still sideload the apk i had it on my chromebook for a while .
it just kind of sucks due to the right-clicking issues and inability to resize the app .
the way you phrased that made me visualize a bunch of molerats drawn by gary larson .
typically it involves the first kid going around in circles or over/under objects with a line of kids behind them .
sometimes they will hop on one foot or whatever to get the other kids to do it
wait is there a ring that goes under your testicles ?
in hebrew we sometimes use הלך לעולמו went to his world or נפטר ‘got rid of '
i 'm having a lot of fun giving you a hard time about it .
i 'm quite frankly not sure it makes sense to talk about the accuracy of a quiz that attempts to place 11 year olds into magical school organizations in a fictional world its not as if its something you can test there 's nothing objectively slytherin hufflepuff or anything else about you .
this is especially a weird conversation since people in the books do n't actually choose their house the sorting hat only hesitates if you could go one of a couple ways and its treated as rare when it happens so self-assessment is n't really a meaningful part of the process .
the hat might look into you and see oh hey a hufflepuff '' or it might have you bundled off to slytherin faster than you know what happened having seen something inside of you that you would n't have admitted to yourself .
heck the sorting is n't even you just being matched with the perfect house for you the sorting hat is basically acting in lieu of the founders of the school and allowing them to have their choice of the students who enter hogwarts even if your values line up differently you might just have had something good old slytherin would want in his students
what you really mean is you do n't like or agree with your result and want to shake your fist at this particular quiz since it 's closest to an in-universe perspective you can actually get .
i say this as someone who expected ravenclaw or gryffindor and got slytherin myself and eventually looked into the questions to analyze them from the perspective of the kind of archetypal concepts and the psuedo ?
anyway i 'll see you around my slytherin housemate .
i 've heard the claim startpage is just using google but i tried it for a while and it unfortunately delivered worse .
i just doublechecked a few searches on both and the results are not the same .
that i can be very stupid and very smart at the same time and i 'm a very creative person .
i know a lot of people are creative but i 'm the most creative out of my friendship group
actually i 'd say i just have good common sense until it farts .
from last year we went from 800 to 1000 dollars per sqft .
even on a small 400sqft apartment people have made at least 80k
the woman who assaulted garbee andrea brown pleaded guilty to sexual assault .
her attorney said brown was on pcp marijuana and alcohol during the assault inside the school .
brown was sentenced to 30 days jail and drug treatment.
just view it as a generational equalization or eliminating this inefficiency in the system .
this targeted graduate tax but not really a graduate tax is n't useful .
it was a tax that the older generation put upon the younger generation .
could be paid with a base rate increase or increase to one of the band 's or indeed lvt returning the favour .
do remember that we have learnt now that tories accepts a marginal tax rate of 51 percent as long as it 's only young people and not them who face it
nutjob here has no room to talk about alt accounts doing anything .
just to take you all down the rabbit hole that is this kook ... follow here https www.reddit.com/r/undelete/comments/9g43w9/post_a_story_about_president_trump_honoring_an/e61awj2
only a few links but because i 'm too lazy to pull up the multitudes of other accounts that have posted here as well .
what song you gon na sing this time crazy ?
fuck you ban your liberal cesspool commentors talking shit abd calling everyone russian bots .
mind you i 'm on vacation and have n't touched a modqueue in quite some time .
so dipshit spammed all mods with this message and probably modmailed it over and over again until he got muted .
anyone rallying behind this idiot really needs to self reflect .
another it doesnt affect or bother me so everyone else shut up '' post .
bruh they stop busses at south village and that one youngish lady you 'll know who i 'm tallking about who chews gums all the time just does n't seem to care about other people 's times .
their change of shifts routine '' takes 10min atleast too
it 's raised so the layers/sides are pink but the face of it is black .
but you will when trying to sleep 20 years later .
you really just needed to let him enjoy his holiday in peace .
save this for when he is back and settled down .
from your other comment explaining that every time he goes on holiday you call him with another problem/issue. yeah thats not good .
you need to give him space to do his own thing and relax while on holiday .
its time to be a big girl and deal with your issues on your own .
of course when he gets back and chills for a few days you have every right to talk about how you have been feeling as long as you arent blaming him for not being there . ''
if he throws a fit with that then its a problem .
pigment stripped from leaf because it spent so much time in a pool
i wouldnt do a whole hallway though less is more
do you mind if i leave my garbage in the alley instead of the bins ?
is it cool if i have friends over and do sing-alongs at 12:30am ?
what 's the policy on hanging out on your deck in the evening ?
can you please go to 7-11 at 3am and get me a new battery for the smoke alarm i do n't feel comfortable unplugging it for a few hours !
please do n't engage my guests in pleasantries they are n't here to see you .
is it cool if periodically i leave a pot on the stove and smoke your house out ?
your kid does n't mind the occasional dance party in your basement suite on weeknights right ?
likewise please ask your 6 year old not to be a 6 year old it 's kind of infuriating .
while we 're on the subject is it ok if we run a daycare out of your basement ?
i have moved out but would still appreciate it if you would forward all my mail to me at my new address because i think canada post 's mail forwarding service is a ripoff .
do n't worry i will fill the holes in your walls that i used to hang my pictures of gaia .
the essential oils i left behind are yours to keep or dispose of whatever .
oh i 'm going to leave 2 months before my lease is up that 's cool right ?
you do n't mind having to interview new tenants and take the chance that the next folks wo n't be a danger to you or your child .
and that was the tenant we were sad to see go .
if you did n't see it then there 's really no point discussing it further .
i 'm sure i would n't be able to convince you but i and many others i 've talked to are absolutely certain of what we saw and experienced .
i suspect that people who felt strongly against trump were also easily manipulated by the propaganda in the msm so that they would in effect defend the intelligence agencies and the propaganda narratives .
i also would not be surprised at all if people are being compensated for doing so .
i 'm sure its a combination of both but anyway i do think this theory is good conspiracy material .
i also feel that fomo and stupid habit of rushing in open world games .
the trick i 've been using for some time now is to slow play '' and play as if i was developer on stage at e3 in front of an audience do n't make yiur character run everytime choose nice camera angles and do n't move camera too fast observe plan and act when on mission etc .
that 's okay i have plenty more ben and jerry 's to cry into if it all gets too much !
i usually send out 4 expeditions at a time the most i 've seen come back is 1 frigate with damage .
looking for something great to slow cook on christmas eve .
so what 's gon na be in your slow cooker this christmas ?
the most important conclusion in my point of view is that means the court has already defined and recognise cryptocurries .
other jurisdictions might take hint and do the same .
this opens the doors for legally acknowledging cryptocurrencies as a commodity i.e .
it can be traded exchanged and barter traded with other commodities or products that is you can buy any product with crypto .
this means much wider adoption for cryptos in general which will definetly benefit all .
would n't doubt it considering how often they get pregnant here
do n't forget she was born in the rich guy 's house .
pettersson telling eriksson yes just give me the puck anywhere anytime just get it to me . ''
any online pharm selling '' scripts is most like fake .
you should 've searched for reviews first or asked on here .
if it looks to good to be true than it probably is .
there are a shit ton of these every single week .
winners and losers studs and duds weekly highlights etc .
every one is the same this player do good and score lot this player break leg and no do good
talk to your doctor and get it prescription for it .
they should be able to give you the 20mg for the morning and a lower dosage like 10/15 mg for the evening .
good goddamn i hope that girl sees the writing on the wall and gets away from this jerk .
aside from being overweight which i 'm working on and that pesky uterus i am in excellent health .
i would gladly take all of those percentages of risks to get rid of the thing causing me pain almost every day .
copy and paste from taking with someone else on here
i feel lethargic/sick for a week before my period .
my period is heavy and lasts for 7-10 days i feel lightheaded and dizzy and like i have the flu constant fever puking diarrhea .
the pain is usually sharp stabbing pain if i breathe too deep cough sneeze stand/sit fast pee or try to poop aside from when i 've gone so long with out pooping because i ca n't push without stabbing pain that i just am so full '' i can kind of let it fall out .
hurts to insert tampon big rash and blood everywhere if i use a pad .
for up to a week after it 's done i still feel like shit .
sometimes the stabby pain lasts for months even when i 'm not menstruating .
he had a chance later on in the game when sancho passed him the ball near the box .
he could have passed that jbl who was quite open on his left .
i would n't call it selfish coz he did n't take the shot on but was trying to look for options .
but someone he missed jbl who was just a few metres away from him .
did michael jackson spend a lot of time in your pool by any chance ?
papa legba bless his daughter hand in hand with satan 's son
congratulations then you 're pretty much at the sweet spot of value/performance .
i 'm saying what do you feel the advantages are to having it be an official club sanctioned by the university as opposed to it just being a home game that you run ?
i would think that by trying to make it a club you 'll have a lot more hassle and restrictions for essentially no benefits .
i appreciate your feedback and what upper did you use on your 308 ?
i forgot 95 of the people here are actually gaslighting leftists from r/latestagecapitalism nevermind .
had trouble finding it then i searched nerf stand .
that means we 're on the pk for most of the game higher chance of losing fall4hughes
you loaded npc visual mods like bijin after requiem .
load all npc visual mods changing faces before requiem and use the visual automerging https requiem.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/req19/pages/18841707/visual+automerging+in+detail feature of the reqtificator .
imperials stormcloaks killing guards is normal for immersive patrols mod .
live another life is loaded before requiem if you use the patch .
i also recommend that you get ccf waf and kfr patch .
zero fucks will be given by the gop and kavanaugh will ride the greased rail right up the ass of democracy for the next 35 years .
they only got good when we hit an injury streak and let the mariners and a 's actually get some hope .
i 've always thought this issue was exaggerated since most fighters below 225 can potentially cut to cw and then the real heavyweight division becomes composed of guys generally from 225-245 .
yeah im all for the ground effects if it eliminates aero push thats the problem .
indycars suck up like crazy due to the weight of the car so aero push there isnt so big a deal .
in the top 10 5 are from the usa and 4 from the uk .
the uk has less than a 1/6th of the population and the universities receive a fraction of the funding .
therefore the uk is superior per capita on not one but two measures .
your lack of understanding does not change the facts nor does your endless repetition .
hitting a 12 year old in the head who has no idea how to dodge or block a punch is pathetically easy .
good points there however i wonder if redlynx looked at how the decks face off against each other .
i think most hallelujah players would run sexy nun randy over imp tweek .
this whole offseason you had people talking about his last 13 games and how he 's our best player by far and how he 'll score 70 points on the wing this year .
people create unrealistic expectations for players and then freak out when they do n't meet this arbitrary numbers .
after 4 months of people talking about how good he 's gon na be and how he 's gon na score 50 points now half this sub wants him traded and are saying he 'll never crack the lineup .
i think people just need to not go to extremes on either side .
it 's okay to make a point about a player 's performance .
he has been invisible and needs to step up a bit that 's not turning him into a punching bad and not every criticism is calling him a piece of shit .
i like how a couple people pointing out that he did n't do much this game has just turned into wow you guys are just turning on him so hard it 's totally unfair '' .
not gon na lie though it kind of grew on me during those first 50 kills as the class .
it definitely sucks but rapidly pew-pewing for headshots at a distance is pretty fun
nachos or i 'll sneak in chick-fil-a since it 's across the street from my local theater .
as a child i always thought it was judge judy
for them to change the storyline like they have been doing since s7 it takes up a ton more time to design/research set pieces wardrobe etc .
asked him and then drop the gloves simultaneously as they usually do .
use the ace to mv converter '' script which is in the dlc folder of your rpg maker mv program files .
like i said earlier if its such an anal issue of yours ill change it and i did
when the op deletes a post the xposts all break .
part of me thinks evo should pitch game three .
he 's pitched two good ones in the bronx since coming to boston .
would n't it be better to do that outside ?
there were a few posts in r/vancouver where straight up bike chop shops are working out in the open .
not just a toronto problem but a canadian city one .
this would be a t-doll that i would want to keep multiple of instead of using as dummy-linking fodder correct ?
dang ca n't see a link so i 'll google and take one lol
they are still ignoring lgbt community despite their attempt to spin positive pr .
the best way to represent marginalized communities is to hire them there is not a proportional representation in tps it is almost all older white male career police officers that live in the suburbs and who socialize within a closed group .
i think i 'll go ahead and buy it and hope for the best .
well we 'll have the same team offensively but hopefully with an actual starter next season so that will put something in our favor
need to see if its worth it before i invest any more time in tv .
from what i can see you had pretty bad luck with your legendaries only tirion and kingsbane have ever really seen play myra may eventually .
disenchanting your golden cards and most of your legendaries it 's generally a bad idea to dust legendaries but is sometimes necessary if you 're on a budget and trying to craft a meta deck would only get you around 2000 dust .
https www.vicioussyndicate.com/deck-library/warlock-decks/zoo-warlock your goal aside from learning the basics should be to work towards crafting a cheap meta deck like zoo spell hunter is fairly cheap as well https www.vicioussyndicate.com/deck-library/hunter-decks/spell-hunter/standard-spell-hunter-3 it 's generally worse than zoo but deathstalker rexxar is one of the most fun cards in the game .
https www.vicioussyndicate.com/vs-data-reaper-report-107 note a new tier list comes out tomorrow but any changes will be minimal .
you basically start making a bad version of the deck with the cards you have then add the actual cards as you open them in packs or craft them with dust .
it 's generally recommended to try to open common and rare cards in packs as it 's usually easy to do so .
epics and legendaries you 'll usually have to craft .
i 'm not sure whether it 's worth it for you to start over on a new account or continue with the one you have .
i feel like starting at 50 and leaning the game would be beneficial but it would put you further away from building a meta deck and going back to basic cards may make you unhappy .
you could start playing on a new server on the same account .
your cards do n't transfer between servers so you could start as a beginner and decide for yourself which server you want to make your main depending on where you happen to open better cards .
you do n't put a comma on the inside of a parenthesis before any other words .
the sentence you wrote did not need a comma at all .
we are looking for a few active players that can hit 700k a season to help win the milestone car .
i 'm jealous of brewers fans that they get brian anderson announcing
i understood the comment but it looks like when your game is trying to load graphics but has n't caught up yet .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=dear reddit wondering if my fluttering heart is from anxiety or health problems ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess i was n't clear in how i explained it .
skyrim was the most up to date game they had before fallout 4 so they made a barebones port of skyrim on ps4 and xone in order to get the engine working how they wanted .
fallout 4 was released and they eventually decided to release the skyrim port anyway since they knew the next title would n't be released for a long time and knew it would sell extremely well because skyrim .
in australia tips arent really a thing unless its a fancy resturant or the pizza delivery guy .
i posted it there but this seems to be the better place so i moved it .
i 've never tried it but it seems that junkboat vietnamese and east cafe viet bistro do phở chay which is vegetarian pho .
they 're making a bojack horseman reference and in this context she 's behind amy adams .
now that 's a ralph club i can get on board with .
it seems to have something to do with what carrier you have .
since the message is sent by the towers themselves it missed people on smaller carriers that rent tower time .
yup that movie messed with my mind for a while .
yeah i hope to make a difference to at least a few cats before i give one a forever home
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
nothing earth-shattering which might be a cause in itself .
my fic has a lot of twists and cliffhangers .
this is a chapter that sets up the dramatics that will come .
i already saw that and that 's its mouth i think it 's meant to look like that
i think this was one of the first video 's that was ever posted on reddit .
if you have a top 5 ad carry in your team .
you would put resource in to him no matter what .
in your opinion then we have the best adc best mid laner .
yet we havent won lcs in 4 1/2 years .
only you can decide if you want to pay the price difference for the better handling and sportier feel of the alfa vs the lincoln .
would n't consider the volvo wo n't be as much fun to drive as the alfa but jus as expensive and having to use the screen for everything is incredibly annoying .
he said adding them to mythic would indeed be a great solution if you 're a player who 's already focused on completing high-level keystones but does n't really help people who just want to stick to raiding or pvp .
so they acknowledge that m would be a great solution ... for 'some ' of the the playerbase but not everyone and its true that this adjustment effects the availability of gear for everyone .
i think the alternative answer could also be that if m loot table was changed what about pvp ?
noone is suggesting that 370 azerite armor should drop from arena 's at higher ranks because noone here plays pvp .
but why should n't that also be considered even though people are n't vocal about it on reddit ?
pokemon 's clay sculpture art had always been my favorite to use when i played and i could easily see it being appropriate to use sparingly in mtg .
fuck you wanker ... this is stolen the least you could do is link to the original youtube account .
this spa in vietnam have some great videos ... support these workers by viewing their work on their own channel so at least they can earn a little back .
check the rest of their videos as well theyre excellent .
they produced the epic 55mins of big fat wrigglers too .
that 's 2 bows in every hand then so 4 in total .
he 's too busy playing spiderman for more than his 3 hours of free time a week .
agreed but people do n't choose to be gay either .
3rd dupe of teq cell and 1 new teq 16 .
gon na wait for the sale stones and try 6 more multis ...
this seems like its just explaining animation principles not anything specific to disney really .
obv they are the most famous studio but i dont think there was anything specific to them
ok i do n't know if we will approve this post but you 're a hall senior or an ra right ?
there 's a power imbalance between you and the students you 're hitting on .
at least without hearing the other person 's side of the story i think that 's what this is about .
the person you were hitting on might have felt less able to say no in case you use your position to get back at them .
while it was definitely better that you asked than if you just did it and you have n't broken the law or anything it 's generally not a good idea to be hitting on people you 're supposed to be looking after .
i posted one i have an actual mean girls t-shirt on !
when did democrats become the party of pearl clutching ?
at first he was called a rapist and now he drinks too much ?
he gave sworn testimony that he did n't drink to excess .
fords ex boyfriend gave sworn testimony that she coached a friend on how to pass a lie detector .
he also gave sworn testimony that she had a second front door installed 4 years before she spoke about kavanaugh .
he gave sworn testimony that she never brought up his name in the whole time they were together .
do you believe this sworn testimony or only the evidence that suits the democratic party ?
only things missing are the piano and dark glasses while being part of a 90 's mcdonald 's commercial .
it 's better to ask for an honorable dismissal then continue at up open university especially if may kulang pa na ge subjects yung friend mo .
lenient sila sa pagtanggap ng mga traditional up students .
your friend can finish associate degree muna then he or she can transfer to upd .
as for the depression na part what i can suggest is for your friend to work while doing acads sa upou para ma distract siya from the undesirable thoughts .
sayang rin kasi kung lilipat siya ng ibang university granted na for sure mas marami siyang units na naipasa from up than flunked subjects diba .
the beginning of the season was severely lacking in serious characters and the joining of multiple ridiculous characters made me dislike all of them and look more forward to the others .
there are stolen signs in view on the porch ?
if you do n't it will just seem like you made a post to shit on people who do n't like beto and to shit on cops at the same time !
i 'm pretty sure fortnite plays on 60fps on console this was the case on release at least .
and if people have a ps4 but no pc whats wrong with buying a keyboard and mouse until they can afford a pc ?
its mostly kids that do n't have alot of money probably
hearing this made me love luke more than i already did .
spoiler you never read the kamasutra and you do n't have the slightest clue what it is about .
this gm survey did nothing more than show that a lot of gm 's in the league do n't know shit about basketball
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
titles containing certain characters may cause your post to be removed because i 'm trained to read unicode characters .
many emojis actually look like more than one character to me .
moderators will not approve a post with this removal message so please do n't ask .
instead you can title your post me irl '' or me_irl '' but you are free to try other titles !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
was having lion king flash backs for a moment there luckily it did n't end up that way
it sucks but inexcusable might be taking it a little far imo .
less merit decay to get rid of the grind for merits .
also consider a player who is away for 2 weeks then home for 1 and this pattern cycles .
merit decay is far too severe to bother once the modules are gained since it 's far too much work to hold rank 5 .
the module bonus is nice but once you have them or decide they are not worth it then there is no incentive to stay .
the weekly credit bonus is only worth the bother at level 5 .
it 's completely stupid that if players are undermining a system in solo that it actually has any effect since they can not be stopped .
if it were open only the defending players can have a chance at bouncing the undermining players to stop the system from being undermined .
ca n't wait for my 65 tofu to ship .
i wish the 65 case came in more colours .
loma is a bigger draw crawford fury himself spence arguably is even a bigger draw than wilder for godsake .
i ca n't get anyone to listen to bts if i call them kpop because it has such a negative connotation .
i refer to them as a korean pop/hip hop group and only then will people give them a chance .
so yes the kpop label has to be ditched imo .
i was wondering how did you trick him to not buy it for himself already ?
i can pm you mine if you still need one .
my town is in the centre of a parish so a lot of villages around it go to the school here .
in any case there was a principal of one of the primary school 5-12 year olds who was always an upstanding man of the community and he and his family were widely known and respected by the community .
one day the wife 's mother came to check up on them and when there was no answer at the front door she went in the back .
she found the wife brutally murdered on the couch i ca n't remember the specifics of it all i know it was horrific .
she went upstairs to find the children dead in their beds killed the same way .
she went into the upstairs bathroom and found that the husband had killed himself .
turns out the husband was struggling with a mental illness for quite a while and finally snapped killing his family and then himself .
lf straight girl to form gay relationship pm asl pls must b real straight girl .
it 's probably going to be more like the ds and ds lite or the gba to gba sp .
in fact the differences will be even less stark considering the design of the switch is far less open to refinement .
in the new model you 'll probably get a brighter display a longer battery life an improved wifi chip and something like a better kickstand .
i 'd be stunned if it offered any more than a nominal performance boost .
can you prove to me with evidence that he has ever blacked out ?
ms. ford also lied about coaching someone through a polygraph and about the reason for her second front door .
is n't it possible that this is merely a mentally unstable woman making false accusations ?
in this scenario the easiest solution is having a dedicated station for your priority train so you can keep your stacker dumb without needing to add stops and circuitry .
i 'd love to suck on those ... do n't take it down we 're not finished 🤤🤤
makes for some really clean looking weapons as it is mostly black but with some red accents
my age of ultron rewrite works the same way .
you know i already study learn perform and improve at work .
why would i want to do more work at home after i 'm then done with housework and maintenance and whatever else might come up ?
do you constantly improve '' when reading a novel ?
you and jad both dying means that one of you had to die before the other technically even if it seems to be on similar hits .
the way this plays out is you kill jad first while dying you complete the fight caves and get a cape .
you still killed the jad so you got the slayer task and reward but did not technically complete the fight caves as you died before jad .
amazing that people did n't think kouliably is n't good enough to stop liverpool 's out of form front three .
that would be the only good use for that carpet .
where the hell is that so i can avoid it at all costs ?
it should be given as medication for insomnia about the only use i can think of for the most overrated and dull game in existence .
glad you were able to get out of the situation safely .
45 hours but that 's because i am co-op and i do n't do extra job .
some of my colleagues need to work extra to meet deadlines and that can be 8-10/11 if the workload is heavy .
try here big parking spot near the elevator entrance https vancouver.craigslist.ca/van/apa/d/gastown-furnished-1-bed-1/6713409234.html
and no more driving like it 's just you on the road .
stuck behind some shit dick riding his recumbent bike across ross island bridge and fuck up traffic because ‘it 's legal man '
shut up and eat does make a motherfucker of a breakfast sammich though
not necessarily i gain a lot of inspiration and motivation from fighting the good fight for my waifu toga-chan .
knowing that she 's there to support me really helps .
every time i get an urge i just think about my promise to toga that i 'd get better and improve myself .
was already watching the news so i knew to expect it .
oh wow thank you so much for the detailed reply !
i have been vaguely meaning to learn more about excel i would say you 've inspired me haha !
for those who ca n't access the link this is what this game is about !
first few user tags for this game early access free to play massively multiplayer shooter survival
you guys destroyed us last year but it was butler that won like two of those games by himself .
i 'd keep him and try my ass off to get rid of wiggins instead ... just an observation from a far though .
you know the people that call that racist are the real racists .
the original comment was just making a comment about his mannerisms and how he acts like a gorilla .
dude no girl is awesome until you get to know her .
relax a bit people can smell desperation a mile away .
honestly i 've had a crazy amount of success with one pickup line that it is literally the only thing i send on tinder .
bc i would love to lay my hands on you .
it 's simple creative and no girl has ever heard it before .
now that is the first step to stand out .
girls get way more likes then us guys and that pickup line is just the first step .
your source does n't change it by much if i 'm reading it correctly it puts it right above 300k .
but do i lose the warranty if i replace the switches ?
my mother would have sold my ass for a good size steak .
that is why i got my cdl i was working a dead end job making minimum wage and had nothing to my name i said screw it and got my cdl and went trucking .
i would say that you need to think seriously about it being that you will go where you are dispatched to on a route they tell you to take .
you can suggest where you want to go but you will go where the freight goes if you go company driver owner operators get a better choice in that they pick what goes on the trailer most companies i drove for had forced dispatch where you do n't choose a load you are given one load it and go .
that being said i saw a lot of nice country and met a lot of nice people i also met a lot of rude people who treated me bad for no reason except i was a driver and that was that .
your truck will have no bathroom no shower you will have a bed and if you are lucky a fridge .
some will have an inverter to run 110 devices like laptops and the nicer ones will have an apu or auxiliary power unit basically a small generator that runs 110 devices and a heater/air conditioner .
you will have to shower at truck stops and some of those showers are totally disgusting .
i 'm not trying to turn you off to trucking but so many new drivers do n't get the whole picture till they get on the road and they despise it because they did n't get everything they needed for information .
i will also tell you that you will have a huge target on you with dot compliance and they will be ruthless sometimes .
i would be glad to answer any questions you have about getting into the industry if you still want to do it
there is no more sure way to turn out votes for democrats than for these morons to mock and belittle the women running against them .
nothing illustrates the point that republicans are just flat out gross better than a bunch of rich white men laughing at the women running against them .
come on gop ... pour some gasoline on this fire .
president trump harbors an animus against non-white non-european aliens which influenced his ... decision to end the tps designation u.s. district judge edward chen wrote in his decision .
chen also emphasized the damage that ending tps would do to recipients many of whom have lived worked and raised families in the united states. those with children who were born in the u.s. would be faced with the impossible choice of bringing their children with them and tearing them away from the only country and community they have known or splitting their families apart.
the tps program benefits immigrants from countries made unsafe by natural disaster or war .
while previous administrations extended the designation every few years even after the circumstances abroad improved the trump administration has argued that improved conditions in the home countries of tps recipients should lead to their return .
in addition to taking issue with trump 's blatant racism chen said the administration failed to show any harm resulting from the continuation of the tps program .
indeed 17 states filed a brief outlining the financial hit they would take if tps recipients were deported .
meanwhile the beneficiaries and their children indisputably will suffer irreparable harm and great hardship if the program ends chen wrote .
i like that last bird yo what the heck just happened we 're doing this now okey
the general assholishness of boston sports fans is the sole reason the yankees are my second rooting interest and always will be .
the better the yankees do the angrier boston gets and that will always be a good thing .
lowrie 's performance in september and tonight have reinforced my opinion that they do n't re-sign him and give barreto the opportunity next year .
twist part of wristband coming through the lock not the loose ends that is forming the circle of the wristband .
wrap the straw around that part of band tighten it so the straw is closed '' as tightly as you can make it .
then twist it into the locking mechanism until it comes partially out the other side .
you can then start slipping the wristband out/loosen it so the opening is big enough for her wrist .
also i have a main in every class but i already have 2/3 knights i have both pk and glad under my belt there .
and with aramusha as my main hybrid i wanted to use a different faction for my vanguard already have enough in kensei but i want something that looks as cool .
how do i go about transferring my gameplay from my xbox to something that is viewable here ?
this post has been identified as artist 'lcd soundsystem ' and track 'dance yrself clean ' .
which is a playlist dedicated to the latest first 25 top weekly posts with in title in r/music https www.reddit.com/r/music/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
notice how u/waywardmole does not possess the intellectual horsepower to put together even one coherent thought .
this post has been identified as artist 'lionel richie ' and track 'all night long all night single version ' .
which is a playlist dedicated to the latest first 25 top weekly posts with in title in r/music https www.reddit.com/r/music/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
my graphics experience would be similar on both platforms until i upgrade in a few years .
ah yes when the older cults pick on the younger ones .
there 's actually been a study posted on r/nba proving that players drafted straight out of high school were busts '' less often than players drafted out of college .
recently there 's the brown sugar pearl craze can try either r b tea or q tea the ones i go to are at marina sq food court esplanade xchange .
imo benzos are the most pointless recreational substance there is .
if you want to do dumb shit and forget you did it then take zolpidem at least it has a proper high .
that being said benzos are amazing for non recreational use .
i dont have anxiety so idk about that but for stim comedowns .
the only thing that beats it is pregabalin which is many times more expensive at least where i live
you 're right and i 'm surprised that this is the only other reply besides one other further down in this thread i could find answering op
is that like the purple drink made with coconut and good for lactation ?
i kept reading about these magical drinks from my pumping groups but starbucks where i 'm from do n't make it .
kelly 's not gon na be an easy walk into the eagles 22 either .
never thought i would say that about dom sheed ...
while i think gow could take goty literally any other year this gen besides 2015 up against rdr2 it just does n't have a chance .
it will win some but it will likely get a similar number as bloodborne against the witcher 3 .
i adored gow but rdr2 and rockstar in general is put on a pedestal in the industry and i do n't see them splitting goty awards 50/50 at all .
i do all the cpms for my company 's dot work you could shoot me some questions .
this is on here so often and it always misses the point
this stereotype has been going on since at least the 80s .
it 's about crooked/snaggly/underbite/overbite buck teeth which may be perfectly healthy but still looks like shit and very distracting when watching british actors .
walmart b m is retail except for the truck crew .
i do n't understand this sudden obsession with comparing pay .
how about a discussion with costco workers and those at sams club ?
besides bezos is nothing but a slime trying to manipulate public opinion and forestall any possible government action for monopoly and selling at a loss .
the same thing that is going on with google .
walmart made a big deal last year about raising their wages to help '' their associates and as soon as the reporters left they fired most of the cos. our latest raise has been 100 negated by hours cut .
none of these companies care about anything except sucking their workers dry while enriching a few at the top .
wait a few months until all these companies start jacking their prices up and blaming trump when in reality very little in the real world has actually taken place with tariffs .
it 's all smoke and mirrors the same way the medical profession and insurance companies have raped people over the last decade after we were promised that prices would decline .
the same thing has taken place in the world of higher '' education where student debt is in the hundreds of billions of dollars and university administrations/teachers have gotten rich while pretending to care about their customers the students .
gasoline prices continue rising even though shale production is increasing .
and economists claim that all of this is good as 2 inflation is needed for our economy to prosper .
real earning power the number of hours it takes to purchase certain basic items has declined for the middle class for 20 years or more .
most of the population is priced out of the housing market .
the single biggest source of personal bankruptcies are medical costs .
the percentage of people receiving welfare has never been higher with millions of former middle class members now on food stamps .
the government numbers on inflation are completely bogus and have been for years .
social security recipients have not had a raise in almost 4 years .
the financial markets are a bigger bubble than in 2008 with the fed desperately trying to raise interest rates so when things finally blow they can lower the rates and once again bail out the same crooks and their companies .
taking our money back from white people one quarter at a time
i think that could have been reconciled with like one or two more lines of text .
zul used the mogu he was never intending to give them anything they wanted and it becomes increasingly apparent to the mogu that they 're just an expendable diversion .
fine help us kick that backstabber zul out of zandalar and you can have everything he owned and his blood trolls for your slave trade .
i 'd love to see political realignment happen where i can experience it .
i always wondered what must have to go down for democrats the contemporary republicans in the 1800s turn into the modern republican party .
yes pumpkims give like 2 instant health with like a 5-10ish hp regen .
and you can grow/find them easily and they stack to 20 .
there are gods of traditional wicca whose names initiates do not speak of publicly .
two books worth reading are the witches god '' and the witches goddess '' both by stewart and janet farrar .
among non-traditional/eclectic practices which include solitary practices one will find a wide range of deities .
generally people feel they 're being called/drawn to certain deities .
sometimes someone will not be certain and there are various techniques they use to including meditation dream work reading about various pantheons and something clicks and/or simply give offerings in effort to make a connection using general terms since they do n't know a specific name e.g. to goddess/god whatever deity/ies etc .
i hope you realize how much strength god has given you just by being able to work with those people i mean i would lose it working with people like that that sounds awful and i thought people at my summer job could be annoying
and thank you ulit sa elyu trip ang saya labyu tita
when one person posts 3 times in my thread giving me 3 notifications i just want to make sure my message is heard .
so it 's one thing to think you 're better than everyone else but to outright tweet about it is insanity .
i 'm not looking for a buttload of content just some general info .
the cards are all displayed individually under releases set 1 and simply need to be printed at 2.5 '' x3.5 '' print size .
you may also visit the files section linked on the homepage and download the zip file for the entire set .
within that files directory is also the rulebook and the three starter decks i 've assembled .
the cards inside of the starter deck documents are already sized correctly and you merely need to click print and cut them !
i 've tried to make the process as easy as humanly possibly .
i 'm not so sure the robo-voices work too well with the shittalking pilots but otherwise pretty neat stuff !
lyrics by alan jay lerner and frederick loewe sung by maurice chevalier .
ugh in those 6 back ground checks he did have issues involving alcohol abuse and/or inappropriate sexual behavior
read that and literally there was a cockroach next to my head .
the modern reproduction or and actual 60 's bonneville ?
either way if the price is right get 'er done .
they have games with similar ideas but for different age ranges aka orchard and my little orchard .
the most popular ones seem to be orchard animal upon animal and rhino hero
maybe some kind of a demonic teenagers that loves messing people 's dream ?
fairly good is hard to tell if they 're good or not or what type of style they exemplify .
if you can list any songs the most difficult songs that they have played well before .
they should 've plugged his ass with kratom to revive him
well op never really got into how it was refused '' .
they even mentioned the rep offered an additional item with the phone .
the only things crazy about it were saber-strike-saber-strike and daria .
i 'm usually a combination of angry and anxious this time of year .
since when do we get things done in the trade period ? ? ? ?
and the woman who is the de facto representative of northern ireland specifically is arguably even worse .
it 's an embarrassing time to be from the uk .
you have n't sold out allocations with even more reasonable kick-off times in the past .
i doubt it will be different this time but i 'll happily be proved wrong .
it 's also worth noting that solfeg encourages good vocalist .
the numbers contain a plethora of diphthongs which make them harder to sing accurately as an ensemble .
one could argue that that would be good diction practice but that 's not really the focus of sight singing exercises .
this man should be thrown out of the party if he votes to confirm kavanaugh .
i do n't care if he 's from a red state if you do n't have the guts to do what 's right because of some made up political pressure then you do n't belong in politics .
i 'm also a teacher and i have dreams that i have been made to attend high school as a student again .
o lugar do aonde '' é onde houver verbos que indiquem movimento como ir e chegar .
tô cagando sem nada melhor pra fazer e meu crush me trocou por league of legends .
if kotkaniemi drouin gallagher domi and tatar can be top 6 forwards and byron lehkonen armia danault and hudon can play at their 30-35 point range this team might have enough offensive output to challenge for a wild card .
this team is deep on the sense that there are no bad players .
i run seruel sandalphon and tweyen so atk would boost seruel and mc when i run gao and bal would boost sandal and tweyen .
since the only character unboosted by ultima is tweyen i 'm thinking of getting a bal sword
i 've also already developed arthritis and scoliosis and asthma and i require a super strong prescription and i have borderline glaucoma ...
older people are ignored in many places regardless of their gender .
if you can stand strong as a person you 'll be heard regardless of the gender .
at the same time if your society is built in a way where elders are respected .
my grandmother from the mom 's side is as or infact more respected than my grandfather .
my housemates and i decided to steal all the toilet paper at school so we would n't have to buy any for us at home
for a fleeting moment i was surprised then i realised kids are being aloud to use the internet completely untrained unguided and unchecked .
of course they are going to abuse the systems that are in place to get what they want .
i realise i 'm only implicating kids in this but this applies to most people
we welsh love it when you foreigners interchange british and english
funnily danny devito is ca 1.5 years younger than frank reynolds
niskur fighting against titan for the worst adc of all time .
picking vayne when you are that bad what could possibly go wrong ?
its not them at all listen to the voice especially
it will be better if they include the 3 and 4 shards by gold in the new market
i 'd expect 3mg to be the most common .
that 's what seems to always sell out the most through both my favorite online vendor for juice and local b m .
anyone with the old gold and/or amerprise gold cards ?
what are they showing up in your online amex account as ?
one set of cabinets behind the bar at the islay hotel port ellen
i mean it 's not like it 's even that hard to do .
gabby is already sobbing and thinking she 's on the bottom of the tribe on day 6 .
they are very similar phonetically though but it 's unique to our languages .
as someone else pointed out russian would be kiyev not kiev .
true i forgot the silverback in this scenario is a demigod and the fight will be with weapons instead of pure strength
bruh y'all need to stop even with karma kakukzu is 3 tiers above any of them.. he does n't need jutsu to beat them .
only sage mode mitsuki will be a problem for him
yeah it 's that relieve thing in dn pc game .
it might have a huge damage on the super def .
yeah people seem to forget about him like they are cherry picking witnesses .
some now say they even need evidence from this guy lmao .
if https twitter.com/rgreentext gets 14,000 followers today i will slice open my ballsack and fill it with ice cream so everyone gets a sperm milkshake for dessert .
just because somewhere else is worse does n't mean they ca n't be disappointed with where they are from .
the best way to fundraise is to get a job or work some extra hours or if you ca n't do those then cut back on spending .
something about you being a skinny dude and placing little traps/pranks to annoy a fat man .
each level the man has a diferent routine and i remember thing like him giving a speech and you making a painting drop on him or annoying him on the titanic with his mother .
he would also chase you if he saw you and being caught was a game over .
you could do things like hide in closets and under beds but sometimes he would open closet or sleep on the beds and find you .
if i 'm not mistaken it was a pc game with more than one game in the series that or they were just diferent levels i 'm not sure .
but my dad insists it was on the playstation 1 or 2 .
i meant anything like pc tablet phone and such does not count to the question .
want to spend time with my sister on anything but virtual games could n't specify more because the rules of this subreddit did n't allow me to post it differently
i think that 's why christian is actually genuinely entertaining unlike someone like cochran or ryan who is more polarizing because of their forced self deprecating haha i 'm a loser virgin with no friends shtick christian just owns his personality and is mostly unashamed about himself .
i 've got a bipolar sister and a similarly afflicted cousin that do this sort of public adoration and let me tell you it gets old fast .
it seems so fake now so rote and mechanical so much more of a performance than anything genuine .
he also after defecting from cuba helped the cuban government catch another defector allegedly so he 'd be allowed to play for the cuban national team .
i just sell good gas blocks at a decent price .
i do n't think raping customers over a simple mechanical device is good business practice .
also if it 's helpful i added some more details to the original post including some pictures of some of my attempts .
he should be put in arpaio 's tent city then made to eat gruel for the rest of his life and only be given wool underwear .
then let the kids he put into illegal ice facilities throw rotten tomatoes at him at all times of the day .
he 'll just be jealous that he 's not the centre of attention anymore make a bit more one on one time for him he should settle with time .
and the ‘bellend ' comment made me laugh out loud welcome to the ‘more than one child ' club
if you have an extra pass for sunday keep me posted .
i 've never been but have always wanted to go but none of my friends are into it .
he 's generally never able to remain close enough to be used as an undercut threat
pretty hard to do when you 're conserving tyres from lap 2 .
i had to fight to not have my own son circumcised several decades ago .
his bits have never rotted off nor spread plague among the population .
the skies did not open up and we were not struck down by any lightning plagues of locusts and never saw a single apocalyptic horse .
i am proudly a christian person but that does not preclude me from thinking and questioning .
in fact i feel that part of my personal walk it 's up to modern believers to be a part of wise and rational discussions challenge customs and superstitions and practice respect for others including those with whom i may disagree .
parents have to make some medical decisions during childhood but they should be carefully considered with full understanding of the issue at the time .
it is a responsibility and a privilege i take very seriously .
healthy body parts with no medical reason for removal or permanent change no matter the gender is the right of the owner of that body .
if it is so minor '' then there is no rush .
my parents smoked in the car house hospital shops restaurants movie theatres concert theatres schools you name it .
it was socially acceptable because everyone did it '' .
i went to school with limbless thalidomide babies because drs said the drug was ok. we did n't use child car seats or baby seats or seat belts .
it was recommended that when your baby was teething you rubbed raw whiskey on their gums .
girls did n't play soccer rugby fix cars or work outside the home .
if you did it was within a very narrow range of acceptable and respectable '' jobs .
my mum was one of the first ladies in my town to get a drivers license .
forced sexual contact between spouses was not considered rape .
i could go on a lot longer but the point is clear .
every year amazing humans make new discoveries and add to the collective knowledge of our species .
we have unimaginable access to the ever-increasing pool of knowledge and are better informed than any previous known generation .
women can join golf clubs and men can get parental leave if they so choose .
boys can dance and girls can play contact sports .
that 's the way it 's always been done '' is not good enough .
we have challenged and toppled many other old customs .
the most effective way to address issues as we evolve as a species and challenge old ideas is to do so with a respectful and educated discussion .
for the record before the bs specialists weigh in no i am not an anti-vaxxer so please do n't try to muddy the waters with pointless nonsense .
you put cornmeal on the wood pizza boards otherwise the pizza wont slide off when you go to put it in the oven .
you can use flour too but since the raw dough has moisture still if you dont put enough the flour just gets wet and the pizza still sticks sometimes even more .
then you end up with a football shaped pizza or worse .
i 'm just suggesting we keep the place civil .
and if you look at the number of downvotes and upvotes this thread has gotten i think we can agree that this is a divisive issue .
i 'm just against people telling other people they are idiots just because they think russian bots interfered in our election .
that 's interesting i love it in strikes but in gambit i feel like it hits like a wet noodle .
that 's badass he 's gon na love it !
my girlfriend 's birthday is coming up relatively soon so that gives me a few ideas .
ogromni sam hipokrit mrzim ovo ali i sam to često radim u moju obranu barem ne u javnosti nego doma .
huge swathes of the movie are fantastic and the characters are exceptionally well performed .
the ending however especially the last couple of shots takes a massive dump on everything else that came before .
the monitor i 've got goes up to 3840x2160 60hz
most games at least the fpses i run at 1/2 that resolution partly to get the performance higher i had noticed stuttering i would n't object to being able to run a game at the monitor 's max but it 's not a requirement .
i 'll check it out when i get off work today .
well it does make me misclick when not paying attention and make my mind explode for a second or two
i would troll even more and instead of drawing the xbox one thing i would put ps4 and as said as above shrek in there it would be legendary .
next time you feel like eating park yourself in front of a full length mirror and workout .
thanks for the detailed response i tried it but it does n't show all my roms just a few do you use any database to identify the roms ?
i got most of my fba roms from planet emu and they all work on retroarch fba core perfectly .
i am using a motog5 plus also do you have any plans to support gamepad remapping and virtual controller moving and resizing the virtual gamepad right now is too uncomfortable also i noticed in games like marvel vs capcom most of the time it does n't recognizes when i press the 3 buttons and the dpad up down to do the specials and there is very noticeable input lag when playing with a gamepad online in that game too .
anyway congratulations on your project i like it do you have a pc version too ?
r/massivecock now provides you with the opportunity to find someone to play with your massive cock .
you are encouraged to include your location and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
if interested please include your general location age and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
on the other hand i 'd done a shit load of research before i invested a penny into ul gear and knew that i 'd have small mass and small volume stuff so i was pretty confident getting a palante v2 .
since they sell out pretty quick i 'd no problem making the pack one of my first purchases .
but that would n't match the label as its different on the other side
but that 's just cause you appear to lack either mental firepower or reading comprehension .
we can have another discussion after you study the difference of exclusion in the air and on the ground .
welcome and to reply directly there should be a reply link under my original comment .
i very much enjoyed it when i played it .
only had a small roster then just bleach dbz one piece naruto and hunter x hunter and only 2 characters from each except one piece which had 3 .
i get a little heart attack when i see his pic on my homepage .
this reminds me of me when i was little .
i did n't know how to spell computer '' so i just said cpu instead
18650 lithium ion cells are 5 bucks each https liionwholesale.com/collections/batteries/products/samsung-inr18650-30q-battery-15a-3000mah-button-top-wholesale-discount-genuine-and-tested ? variant=35782220241 and have been for years .
an excellent charger is around 30 which would also charge your aa rechargeables .
the lightforce 240 is 240mm 9.4 inch in diameter .
underneath the tp thing should be a hole with a hex screw undo that the tp thing will come off and you 'll see the screws .
i mean i am by no means a musk defender but this is obviously silly .
but just for rainsford 's syllabus at least it says anticipated '' before the list of final grade ranges .
but otherwise i think the next best thing to do is to just ask the prof .
i know what a curve means as well and this just seems to be a scaling .
but anyways good luck to all y'all on the next exam
im not going to lie imho the game has flaws but i 'm enjoying it still .
only thing that grinds my gears is the card progression which sucks but im still playing so clearly not that big of a deal .
would you go very boutique ib two md 's two analysts middle market deals with debt and equity fund raising of 100m to 300m or b4 fdd .
i 've always really liked his guitar stoked for you haha
just started watching this series from the beginning a week ago and i 'm hooked !
never been super into anime but this show is awesome !
only other one i 've watched was gate so i was trying to find one kinda similar to that and saw sao on netflix .
only about halfway through ggo so now i got ta step it up so i can watch this season !
the art industry is just like every other industry .
if you 're a white male you 're already 3 rungs up the ladder .
if you 're a white male predisposed to connections/nepotism even on a smaller scale you barely have to climb one .
luck and talent have little to do with it in comparison to money or confidence .
but sure all those poor artists are just expecting to indulge themselves and do n't see they do n't have the utterly unique talent to succeed .
they 're probably legit but they do n't sell anything other than cheap chinesium crap .
she did n't seem out of touch at all to me .
rather she has a very clear handle on staffing issues common in the bay area .
people job hop like mad there and will quit a good job just because they forgot to ask for a festival week off .
then they 'll go to the place their friend works do a five minute interview and have another decent gig the day they get back from the desert .
sounds like you should set up a few interviews and set better boundaries at your next place .
they can only abuse you as long as you let them .
more police are desperately needed if we need to evacuate schools due to these peaceful people who do n't like a justice ruling .
being forced to evacuate areas is n't something you do for great wonderful good people .
it 's what you 'd do for a violent mob .
it bugs me how hard it is to find pants that dont show my ankles .
i 'm so glad i do n't know you in real life and can go back to ignoring you here now .
they are for cleaning the holes in gas burner jets .
that is the thing as far as i know most still do a decent amount of socializing online .
be that in online games or on message boards etc .
they just do n't do n't want to interact with anyone irl .
given that the is supposed to be representing the law it would be the same thing .
one of the yu-gi-oh voice actors played a character in a hentai .
40 in app purchases absolute minimum if you ca n't do that do n't bother playing at all
edit for those of you who disagree tell me this how is it fun to progress 5 times slower than other players ?
if it takes 1 year on average to reach softcap then it will take 5 years to reach softcap with only 1 pet .
if she 's in bishops electorate i 'd say fair enough perhaps there 's an argument that the liberals need female representation and could do with those a little more centrally aligned .
it 's the people of dickson and cook that should be re-evaluating their life choices .
i 'd add warringah but they are way to far down the shitter .
i think the overspill in christina 's bra is bigger than the other girls haha !
just ignoring it and either adapting or playing as usual .
mostly cause im able to win even with heroes that i dont win that much if i get good team its also usually heroes that do rely on team .
with some heroes wr doesnt mean that much cause if you pick them into wrong comp or just get bad team you gon na suck with it no matter what .
the way that barrier is set up i hope he does n't get hit by a car ... those bars would impale him .
wish he had an idea of just how much that movie also meant to me and my childhood .
it helped shaped me into the man i am today .
very grateful for that cast and movie easily top 5 movies in my book ultimate romance comedy action film .
played both and found secret hitler far more interesting .
in avalon the game can suffer from huge stalemates once you figure out which ppl are on which side .
i feel that secret hitler eradicated this issue completely making it a much smoother experience for our gaming group .
£10/hour is a high wage to tend bar or wait tables .
there are some jobs with semi-skilled labour that do n't pay 10/hour .
the whole key tragic arc of the sopranos ' final seasons is characters being presented with the possibility of becoming better people and failing to do so .
i want my fry that fell out at the end though ...
it hid the elves because you already have 4 and thus ca n't spend wildcards on them .
for brussel sprouts i cook them in the oven with bacon and cover them with walden farms maple syrup .
for spinach nothing fancy just garlic and red pepper flakes .
for squash i cut them up into rounds and coat them with olive oil parmesan and garlic for 20 mins or so .
i know they 're not the best but as far as legumes go they 're low carb enough .
i like to coat them with chili garlic sauce after i cook them
the teacher resisted the urge to stare at the googly eyes .
u/borgey401 made a comment about trump using a chinese produced phone and you switched the topic to feinstein and linked an opinion piece with little substance because you feel it 's more concerning .
except that we 're in a thread about china installing rogue chips on products they manufacture for us and someone is pointing out that the president uses an unsecured personal phone .
i 'm just a little bit lack of killers and stats but vol buff team atk/mag on phase 2 using blowback to hit harder .
no he just looks like he combined multiple angled shots
this is a rose hate thread you 'll have to wait like three days for a rose support thread
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
the fun and exciting ways or the boring and cowardly ways i.e .
obviously not everyone does that but people who do try to justify it by saying 'it 's a survival game ' .
edit butthurt campers with no skills who are downvoting this fact git gud .
for all the shit the rest of the big corporations get away with i feel musk is an easy target because he is somewhat of revolutionary .
he thinks outside the box and a lot of old school business does not like that .
you mean howlfiend lakkari felhound would n't be a bad pull hilariously
ja bih rekla da se one jedine tu i trude .
these are n't part of the additions mechanic for new armor in the dlc psen just wanted to go back to a few older armor weapon assets and update them .
your submission has been removed because erome.com is not a reliable host .
if you are trying to submit a video consider vidble vidble.com .
if you are trying to submit an image please use vidble http www.vidble.com or imgur http www.imgur.com
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gwcouples if you have any questions or concerns .
i wrote this elsewhere to explain my perspective on sexuality maybe it 'll be helpful for you
the second deals with the gender of whomever we are attracted to .
the third is libido or desire for sexual release not necessarily involving another person since masturbation is a thing and some asexuals do masturbate .
this could also be seen as how sex-positive someone is .
fourth is kink or how non-conventional someone 's sexual desires are .
at one end would be those people who get no sexual gratification from kinks .
at the other end would be those people who can only experience sexual attraction/gratification from kinks .
for some people there is no need for an emotional connection in order to experience sexual attraction .
the sixth dimension deals with the sexual side of a single partner vs many partners .
i trust hader to get a quick 3 outs way more than jj
and you confused medicine ball with yoga ball honest mistake
sim o intervalo de confiança nada mais é do que um termo construído a partir do estimador de intenções de voto o produto do desvio-padrão da amostra pelo quantil correspondente a confiança desejada da distribuição de probabilidade populacional .
got this handy dandy new flair so looks like i 'll be reiring the alts in favor of thisun .
it 's not un-pc to suggest there 's some damn shoddy work going on in some of these schools .
i hate racists and sexists and deadshit trumpeters but i also hate bullshit fake academia and the snake oil industry that 's sprung from it .
the exact same thing could be said for rein but no one seems to mind him in ffa
sadly it did n't kick my ass into good dental hygiene and it was n't well enforced in my family and now i have horrid teeth and constantly require extensive and pricy dental care i ca n't afford .
take good care of your teeth kids it 's important
i 'm in the same boat as you on that one .
they 'll also be sold individually on ebay or other comics sites can probably pick them up there for around listing price or less
that 's the face of a man hoping that his wife had an affair 15 years ago .
people like them better but why more astonishing high effort funny drawings do n't get more upvotes ?
rear is a motoz tractionator i think the front is a metzler
so i want to preface this album by saying i like jayden 's smith 's style but at the same time it irks me in many ways .
i feel he over does hype brands and that he often layers to much and uses excessive colors on one fit .
i also feel he has a very unique style that works really well for him .
he blends avant-garde fashion and street wear seamlessly and i really respect his ability to pull off the gender neutral look .
while he does use a lot of hype brands he incorporates these pieces in very interesting ways and i use this as reference for my own more high end wear .
i personally think jayden is one of the most well dressed new school rapper but i 'm interested to hear other opinions on the matter or if he has any other notable fits youd like to post i 'd love to see them .
also the title is just a joke i do n't think he 's an idiot at all just a little eccentric .
i remember seeing it in theaters and falling in love with it .
it 's stood up to the test of time imo !
trash lol all that puck possession and we commit a penalty
so youre saying this is a way to let women enjoy it more ?
i see where you 're coming from but the problem is n't just not getting the hours it 's not getting scheduled the hours .
the result is that they have to schedule their lives around their work which does n't have a schedule .
that they have to work longer days and after 8 hours of throwing freight and zoning that staying an extra half an hour is grueling sometimes .
working four instead of five days at 4am-1pm ca n't be made up for by staying an our late each day and it does n't take into account other non-work obligations like picking up the kids from school/etc
yeah considering how there were only about 5.5k people voting that means isaac barely won those sets with 3k votes .
if any one of these were true the likelihood of others being true goes up .
and let me guess donald trump is the best president in the history of the united states ?
have n't seen a mention of it in the past 8 months
surprise fear and an almost fanatical devotion to the pope .
towards the summit it was more of a climb than a hike which was fun but taxing to my upper body .
so that was probably the hardest part for me since i have kind of spindly arms
the bro behavior and the way they talked to women apparently .
even with a hardware wallet you need to send tokens into a smart contract so if that contract gets hacked your hardware wallet is n't gon na do jack .
it has it 's moments for sure especially when sherm was on the team and he said stuff in the moment or like when earl flipped off the bench after fracturing his leg .
i love them but every time i see that sort of thing i lose some respect for them .
it 's amazing that republicans managed to tarnish the presidency the fbi the senate and the supreme court all in one foul swoop .
i doubt it i 'm pretty sure there are only three ivans in australia
point taken on the flair ahem i only just realised i could do it myself
i mean the fans may not want to see her because of racial reasons so it 's all interconnected .
i heard a rumor that hooktail does n't enjoy the sound of the inaugural address .
do n't worry hawks fans this 'll put you guys at an advantage
yeah so like u/weed_o_whirler said just plot the values then .
so iterate to find the values then plot them .
i 'm failing to see why an explicit function matters .
tbh that was my favorite season actually maybe asylum but def at least second
you are not alone in this journey and i am sure that your husband and friends are supportive of you .
perhaps the next vacation can be hiking and exploring .
if outdoors is n't your thing window shopping at the malls .
there are things you can do while travelling that can be more active without sacrificing food .
i have not tried it but i think i would need at least need 2 meals at day so i do n't feel hungry .
i 'm assuming since you 're asking about ascp and labce that you mean continuing education and not competency .
if you are ascp certified your ce is not due until you recertify at the 3 year mark .
you should n't put it off til the last minute but you should n't be worrying about it to the point of causing anxiety .
yes i agree with you totally that we should strive to instill willpower and discipline in our kids .
however it depends on what you mean by push .
many parents push their kids to do activities that they do n't want and push them to practise or attend these activities .
then bash their kids for having no willpower/discipline when realistically the kid can not be expected to do well or be motivated .
otoh pushing your kid on tasks where he has some buy-in is a good thing .
parents recognizing the child 's efforts for achieving certain tasks through discipline and working hard can go a long way .
we just have to take note to recognize the effort put in and not the innate aptitude/ability of the child .
first question are you sure he 's not the one who gave it to you ? !
i would ask your doctor to do a blood test negative blood and positive swab indicates a new infection and have him get a blood test .
if his blood test is positive he 's likely the culprit anyway which makes this even more ridiculous .
this post was automatically removed because it matched certain criteria .
this bot believes that you are trying ask about msw programs .
we facilitate these questions in the weekly school of social work questions questions commonly asked by new graduates thread that can be found on the front page of r/socialwork .
if you believe this bot is wrong please message the moderators with a link to your post and we will review it .
if you recreate a thread to circumvent the automoderator it is an automatic 7 day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialwork if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm baked as fuck and i was dying laughing .
i want my crucible transmat on my new ship !
rock and grunge ... from their attitudes to their fashion and clothes to the lyrics.. it 's just evolution of music
as a 1-3 team that starts more players than stnd i 'm thinking about dropping him for ty montgomery this week .
if either adams or allison are out i 'll probably pull the trigger unless someone does it before me .
i do think godwins stock is hurt with jameis .
give him to me ! on the baby monitor fucked me up .
it 's very shiny so the color variations are sort of hard to see .
i do n't think i need to replace but thanks anyway !
every time i ask for support on one of my discord groups i feel like i 'm imposing .
no doubt there are a lot of systemic problems but in my case they 're pretty firmly things wrong with my brain .
before you know it you 'll be making 90k .
but you 'll have to deal with our socialized healthcare legalized weed and obsession with hockey
please reply to one of my comments with ! create .
clearly you did n't get the memo ... you 're not responsible for yourself and fun is a bit of a no-no .
laine is my guy but his speed ... there is nothing there on startup
it is clear..and clearly simple..capitalism and supply and demand .
the reason they do this is because it makes them money and we all consume it .
they only react to what bring in the bucks .
it 's genius the way they are doing it as well .
liberals consume it because well you know it 's their jam .
conservatives consume it because we are outraged at the stupidity .
i ca n't think of a way at least in this point in time how this is ever going to change any time soon .
best we can do is keep supporting all the conservative or at least centrist if such a thing even exists outlets and holding the rest of msm accountable .
also ad block all the left sites you visit..just remember to whitelist those minority conservative sites .
i only noticed on the last of the three but femraider just had some loose short hair that did n't go past her neck
i have an iphone 7 and a hot tub never had any problems combining the two .
my contract is almost up too so i 've had it for almost 2 years now probably use it in the tub a couple times a week and it 's been dropped many drunk nights .
it says good up to 30 minutes and i have apple care plus the better plan so it 's covered
but fr r should flag any account that buys it and have someone check the account to see if everything is legit
here 's some names i think of as not too common but not too unusual .
i got one of those water-resistant bluetooth speakers with a suction cup that sticks it to the wall of the shower and while it is amazing it also comes with the risk of never getting out of the shower .
it can look hot if she 's the type for it but the breath is still a turn off .
like a badge holder for warehouse work it has to be designed to easily break away !
it would make for an interesting fantasy item tho taken at face value .
now i want to write a story about a mysterious forest people and their closely-guarded secret .
this is exactly what happened to my fiance last month .
he had a seizure in day 2 of going cold turkey and was hospitalized and in icu for 6 says .
i saw a post where jimmy kimmel did the same thing how hard is it to remember to switch accounts ?
hello this is to let you know that your post is up and running .
since you are selling please make sure that you read all rules https www.reddit.com/r/sneakermarket/about/rules to ensure that your post is n't removed by a moderator .
if you are caught selling/trading fakes of any kind sneakers or not you will be permanently banned without warning .
please ensure that you have your items tagged and priced .
if not your post will be removed without warning .
if you are not verified please delete your post or a moderator will .
to become verified create a reference here https www.reddit.com/r/sneakermarketrefs and send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsneakermarket once you have 5 confirmed sales .
you are only allowed to advertise sneakers on this sub .
anything else bots services other clothing items will be removed without warning .
links to ebay grailed and similar sites will be removed .
only link those as a reference and not a sale .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sneakermarket if you have any questions or concerns .
was n't a fan of jstars but this looks like a cool crossover fighting game
thank you arthrodire_dude for creating a bank account in r/memeeconomy !
i was looking 3 years younger to 7 years older within a 45 minutes drive radius i live in a somewhat densely populated area so that gave me a lot of matches i have to imagine this is a lot harder in places like rural montana .
i would reply to everyone who messaged me unless their first message was creepy and perverted and try to start up some kind of conversation .
i would talk about going on a date with about 30 of guys who messaged be but only manage to make plans with about 2/3s of them .
i was still stood up many times which was frustrating but part of the game .
it was exhausting trying to coax conversation out of people and then there were just so many weirdos it was awful and i hope i never have to do it again haha .
if you just hated everything about it the manga is n't going to be any different .
the anime broke off from the manga and they told slightly different stories .
there 's more characterization story and lore in the manga because it went on longer but it 's not an entirely different series .
offense usually starts out with some new concept defenses adjust and then shut it down while ocs come up with new schemes .
now we have a confluence of events an explosion in creativity and rules designed to make the new concepts work even better than they would normally .
jacksonville 's defense would easily be 2000 ravens status using rules from the early 00 's .
wearos watches with cellular can do this with the app wearify '' .
i believe the samsung watches gear s2/s3 with cellular can do it via an official spotify app .
hey and they both have names that sound a lot like fuckwad !
how many inches is it from the buttstock to the selector switch on an m4a1 ?
idfk but i shot someone five months ago how about you fuck off lol
i 'm the friend here in the above comment .
i 'll give you guys some more details since people seem interested .
to recap what bustinfelipe said we matched on tinder hit it off but she was n't ready to date .
i started obsessing a bit and cut her out of my life because she did n't reciprocate feels .
i go to r/relationships looking for advice and opinions to see if cutting her out was the right move .
i found a post similar sounding to what i went thorough .
i got ta say that this post was massive .
half way through i started getting suspicious as to how similar it was to my story so i checked the username of the poster .
the girl 's post was just about deciding if she should just date me or not .
i started shaking and feeling ill as i continued .
fast forward a few weeks into the future and we try for a friendship again but it ends in the same way .
i still had feels for her but she was n't ready '' to date someone yet .
a few more weeks go by and she says she 's willing to try for a relationship .
that ended the same way..again except we both realized it was getting childish so i made the choice to cut her out again .
she has me blocked on everything but we 're on good terms .
it was just easier for both of us this way .
why do people think the casual use of vulgarity makes their point more appealing ?
to me a person who uses vulgarity in a cavalier manner automatically makes a less convincing statement .
you are a liar and i want a public apology
i think mda can have an agreement with him he can start if his meets their expectations
non-binary falls under the label of transgender and does n't describe all trans people .
non-binary means you fall somewhere outside the groups of male/female .
the receivers on both teams are setting the nfl back 10 years right now
no because the problem is is that everyone thinks they have the right of way .
it is but we can admit the sheer amount of other factors can we not ?
jimmy johnson garbage in dallas early as was bill walsh early .
hell this franchise had the one and only bill belichick and only got a lousy playoff game out of it .
this is nothing like suggesting that a company change a price of something .
i believe google and other search engines should strengthen their safesearch options .
the government makes everything worse when the get involved in things like this .
i think it 's a great idea in general to not give kids 10 pounds of sugar .
also i got to relive my childhood a bit while packing the bags haha
for sure let go of first man into space beastie boys video anthology bowling for columbine .
oh no the company is n't something i would n't enjoy when sober .
i do have to say i would like to get to know you better if you want to when i 'm sober .
he laughs then sips his drink again putting it aside for the moment .
i have n't seen you around that often . ''
i would love a late game perk that gives you more time .
i just started passing out at 2am in the skull mines instead of going back because all the iridium found was worth it .
well i 'm that case i think you 'd mostly be fine here .
although being looked down on somewhat is inescapable in this sort of setting the empire has had dealings with female leaders before .
never mind that the last one ended with said leader becoming a willing slave ...
you 're the one person i wanted to show !
i really liked your design and it inspired me to draw this .
i actually pulled malphasie and it made my whole day .
yeah if barboza did n't and could n't do it there 's no way in hell conor is .
she said it was very thorough and quickly added she still needed to read it !
oh ok i guess that makes sense do you know when the next season is ?
i get they meant it for a material exchange but i do n't think they intended it as a way to turn in hundreds of faction engrams while getting a large portion of what you spent getting those engrams back .
riku of two reflections https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/cmd/220.jpg ? 1517813031 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=riku 20of 20two 20reflections sf https scryfall.com/card/cmd/220/riku-of-two-reflections ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/716d0b3b-bac9-4fb8-882e-bd6171864043 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er http edhrec.com/cards/riku 20of 20two 20reflections
intet the dreamer https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/c17/174.jpg ? 1517813031 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=intet 2c 20the 20dreamer sf https scryfall.com/card/c17/174/intet-the-dreamer ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/ccb6bc7d-f2f3-4559-b0ca-74a460acb56c ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er http edhrec.com/cards/intet 2c 20the 20dreamer
skullbriar the walking grave https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/cm2/165.jpg ? 1534112452 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=skullbriar 2c 20the 20walking 20grave sf https scryfall.com/card/cm2/165/skullbriar-the-walking-grave ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/69dad154-2616-4bd6-8448-0e0458ee136d ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er http edhrec.com/cards/skullbriar 2c 20the 20walking 20grave
most stores have insurance to replace those losses and the last thing they want to do is pay workers comp/get sued for someone who got shot working the register .
i appreciate that but those godlike airshots ... my pain stems from wanting to be that good and realizing i probably never will be .
it 's not like i 'll stop playing i '' ll just occasionally shake my fist at the sky and say damn you bigweld ! ''
their endless steak fries may be endless ... but good luck finding the server to bring you anymore when your first batch runs out .
the problem 's that united states '' is also in the name of a number of other countries though e.g. united states of mexico .
it 'd be nice if you got some real ammo for your favorite set up .
because apparently the scrum master insists on all workflow filtering through them .
the devs do n't have permissions to modify anything on the board .
i could n't really hear it with jk and panger over the top of it .
makes me want to pull mine back out of storage and put some more work into it .
do you volunteer to take in all the tigers ?
this makes me feel good as a luck owner .
i got ta get into the playoffs first tho lmao
why are people finding this so hard to understand ?
if you feel like you can do it without having to pop 9 advils then go for it .
i 'd recommend doing practice tests 6 and up as they 're a bit more representative of what you 're going to get on test day .
edit actually it 'll take you 3 hours and fifteen minutes .
i have a ticket for sale face value i will do it with paypal so you know i wo n't scam hmu tryna get rid of it before we leave in like 5 hours
despite living in tampa bay at the moment i have no idea about winston djax .
i picked him up off the wire a few weeks ago— does he just not get a lot of looks from winston ?
i suggest that you go to the r/nosurf subreddit there 's many tips there on how to combat addiction on cell phone .
do n't think we 'll win this weekend without him and with how we 're currently playing tbh
i 'm sure it was written by a man so do n't sweat it
i feel like 20 is the sweet spot for the normal wheelspins .
imo the super wheelspins are way too expensive too .
the truck for a store that size better be done by 2:05 and all aisles finished by 2:30 .
we enjoy the swinger lifestyle and both have sex with other people .
it allows us to be both more open and intimate .
i 'm not all that into heavy-action movies but john wick was truly a work of art
i 've just been saving whatever i 've had left of my paycheck so i had a bit saved up .
in terms of outfit i usually wear just cargo shorts and a sweater .
i 'm not too big into the whole outfit rather than just sneakers .
i e always been meaning to get clothes that you see people who really care about their outfit wearing but never had the chance
oftentimes i find just describing someone as a lady that maybe looks like she 's got the weight of the world on her shoulders immediately invokes this sense of responsibility and the reader pictures the person as they want to .
her characteristics here are not necessarily important unless you want to mention perhaps that she has calloused fingers or scars etc .
but this causes an issue when i try to describe a different race .
say a race of humanoid creatures with pine needles for hair .
if you 're doing something like that even to the extent of drafting out what each person is wearing do you find computer-planning somewhat limited ?
well as long as it 's free i 'll give it a listen
best way is to just suck a gay dude off to know your not gay then you will be comfortable around them
when i was 15 i sent explicit '' pics via snap and facetime 19-20 now im scared these guys somehow have them saved so i dont want to get exposed..
you do n't remember it because it was never established and not true .
i 'm talking about where ms has gone since .
the surface studio 2 starts at 3,500 and has a laptop cpu and a 250 gpu inside .
the surface pro 6 charges you 300 to go from 128 gb of storage to 256 gb .
the surface laptop is designed to be totally irreparable look up ifixit 's repair guide on it .
starting with the sp5 they removed the pen from the purchase and raised its standalone price while also removing the 130 keyboard colors forcing you to buy the stupid alcantara ones for 160 if you want a not-black keyboard .
they 're not mechanically shit but the value is shit and microsoft has gone full-on apple with their anti-consumer practices .
they take stuff away and raise the price to boot that 's insane .
the app i use does this natively i also built a few features in tasker to help it along but they ended up not really being necessary .
i have to pull the battery out to get it to stop if i set it wrong and it goes off at work or something .
actually i think the tasker thing prevents me from uninstalling it now that i think about it .
i either used tasker or something in android settings to prevent that app from being uninstalled without an additional password .
my password only for that is wakethefuckup '' for extra motivation lol .
damn i 'm starting to remember how complicated this was .
i might do a full review of how i have it configured and write it up and then just tag everyone in the comment who has shown interest .
yea his delivery was so bad and lazy ... i was hoping for mo bamba or live sheck wes level of energy .
i have a wacom tablet wacom is pretty much top of the line for art tablets and it has a loop on the side for the stylus
unfortunately government would never go for it as the options are too complex for the average brit who has little or no interest in brexit though christ knows why considering the stakes plus it would advocate the av voting system which apparently makes the person who finishes third the winner or some weird deliberate misinformation like that ...
i 'm particularly partial to the dominion issue notes particularly the ones from the early 20s https i.pinimg.com/originals/15/4d/b3/154db38a3ff22324edc3ef9a96fec692.jpg and the ones with gothic script https 1.bp.blogspot.com/-caqvbiqxlkk/ukqdkbes-ji/aaaaaaaakje/i4audeuhwqc/s640/dominion+of+canada+2+dollars+bank+note.jpg .
if you 're firing a single blast attack always cancel .
i would consider my squat one of my best lifts and i 've never done low bar
because you were layed off from your job and are able to sleep in
was the gronk catch for fumble or an interception ?
mods took my post down for it ... really need every point possible this week .
if a standard deck is going to be absolutely broken because of a card in the new set such that they have to week 1 ban it .
the closest we 've gotten was felidar guardian and that was good but did n't demolish the format in less than a month .
if it 's so broken that in 2 days they have to intervene .
i think the amish may have earned the right but vaccines existed before the amish .
put the scabs of cowpox into an open wound !
to be fair the only reason he got to the one was holding .
it was n't one of those pointless calls he would have been tackled at the line .
am i remembering correctly that the guy was kind of a douche ?
also there is a nude scene in it which literally has nothing to do with the movie .
you start with the beret and scrolling down you get the chenille turtleneck the satin jumper with dark chocolate hershey 's nuggets the always-tasteful gauntlet gloves and what 's that ?
all done up in front of a fascinating blue velvet staircase .
for real like why the hell would you need to go to the dark web to buy drugs at that point .
edit i like how you boys are not concerned for legitimacy of the story but would rather try to convince me you 're an expert on buying drugs on the dark web .
you 're not you do n't know if it 's better '' .
the cartel is not fucking stupid and would not sell their shit on a website even if it 's untraceable .
like it 's a fucking toy for everyone to share instead of a living breathing human .
when i hand write stuff i use a dash because it is easy .
it must have made it 's way to some software .
is porn that hard to come by in germany ?
that 's just reddit in general and reddit leans very left .
most politically active reddit users are in their teens and early 20s .
i remember being that age and thinking i had all the answers and knew how the world works .
then i got a job and a career traveled met different people and my outlook and views changed over time .
go to any state political sub and it 's super left wing .
r/texaspolitics is n't as bad as r/politics but it 's still slanted .
remember this sub does n't represent the average texan or even adult .
for example i could drive from san diego to los angeles and spend between 4 and 7 hours each day on the freeway or i could commute to the bay area and be productive throughout most of the trip there and back .
there are hard and soft costs with each option and unfortunately they need to be weighed carefully by whoever 's bearing the cost associated with the commute and the productivity impact .
well lately due to health problems not so much but about 2-3 times a week usually .
you 're not going to thank the guy that gave you the vid link eh ?
i 'm right by the basket spamming this way. you have a power clam .
unfortunately they are part of the blue bayou fantasmic !
i have n't seen a macbook yet so i ca n't tell the difference between laptop and macbook looool
he 's literally been shit in both summer league and preseason and you think it 's just a confidence issue ?
havent listened yet and this is the first comment ive scrolled past that isnt a meme .
maybe now the dog can teach the owner how to play .
imagine what would happen if the entire population were given an eton equivalent '' education .
is that so all the more important you are acquainted then jena said with a smile and good i am sure she will be a great help the queen assured darla if you have n't got them already rooms will be set up for you for the both of you she added turning to falena with a smile .
well if that is all i can have one of the servants show you to your room darla ? she suggested i am sure we will have plenty of time to speak but i do believe i have to introduce falena to a princess the queen said with a bright smile .
i get where you 're coming from but this is n't exactly a freak accident we 're talking about it 's reasonable to assume that you might hit a ball into your neighbours yard as you said it happened before presumably it 's reasonable your neighbour might be in his yard and he would n't be prepared for a cricket ball flying at him so if you hit him and he 's seriously injured it 's on you .
the law 's about what can be reasonable foreseen otherwise it 'd just be unthinking dickheads doing whatever they want insisting it 's not their fault cause the did n't mean to .
since when was the floss trendy apart for kids under 12 ?
exactly the kind of answer that i wanted to see .
i have been wanting to get a 3ds since ages but could n't .
i do n't have the means to emulate it either .
would you still say the 3ds would n't be worth the effort to get or should i invest that money into better desktop gaming hardware instead ?
come on man i get you made a self deprecating post about your courthouse experience but you should n't call people out that are being shitty humans .
let us call you whatever name we want gosh dude.
lol your pathetic attempt to suggest i am ugly or unattractive .
you think i have a chip on my shoulder so you desperately want to knock it off .
i know what looks back at me when i stare into a mirror and i could n't be happier with my own self-image .
and judging by the type of men i get to date and hookup with i think i 'm looking just fine .
one point before i go on an tangent where does the woman say men do n't suffer ?
now tangent we are in a time of flux gender roles are changing genders are changing things that once were the social norm are not necessarily that way and for those of us who are helping to make these changes or simply find themselves a party to these changes it can feel like a personal attack .
we 're coming out of a time where women were not heard and some things that come out of women speaking up can be hurtful to the men in our lives who are n't assholes .
i think what we need is patience and understanding that change is hard but it is for the best and we all need to hear each other no matter if we 're male or female in this changing time .
just ended the game with 106 coins and zero stars .
he dropped out of high school due to harassment .
this shit has showed some nice improvement from dave east .
my favorite track from this right now is it 's lit because well god damn ...
3 problems with samsung 's post-processing also evident in these shots
1. whites are almost always overexposed this is the biggest issue for me because it ruins the most pictures .
unfortunately the gcam does n't work at all for me so i 'm stuck for now .
knew it was gon na be him yet i still .
c'est théoriquement encore le cas sur windows 10 mais on a du mal à voir ce qui définit une nouvelle machine '' pour windows .
on m'avait dit que c'était le changement de carte mère mais on a eu des pc qui ont gardé leur licence malgré le changement .
parfois on change une barrette de ram et il faut réactiver la licence y'a pas de règles .
the enemy might hv full health and boost compare to you ...
in which case it 's no longer a ppor or could be for up to seven years in some cases .
all the people i know who are n't really into gaming are buzzing for blackout and red dead 2 .
some early access take on ww2 is n't even on their radar .
if he/she would of just kept the space to the truck longer he/she could of gained a lot more speed before actually switching lanes ...
8yo swedish girl found a 1500yo sword in a lake
see especially directed acyclic graph https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directed_acyclic_graph which captures the idea behind most tech trees .
in my static i 'm the smn which is the person who 's supposed to do the most dps .
so they let me get my weapon/armor/etc upgrade first .
so for us it 's ok tanks get green as long as they do n't die .
but dps do need to get purple/orange even in first clear prog logs .
plenty of bikes that take straight fork use tapered head tube .
it 's kind of shitty for tn and ips displays and the contrast is not that good .
dark grey in office is where it 's at .
they did that because they were basing the tundra man power form off that costume that costume was replaced by tundra mans weapon power costume in the game files
maybe that 's a retrofitted safety feature for the older freezers
i 'm gunna agree with this guy above if you look at target to catch ratio it 's pretty bad pats d is not great at all especially the lbs overall short week too so disadvantage to defense as is and once hilton am doyle back he 'll have his modest games before doyle got hurt he was playing well
i agree with you dailies and elite dungeons are a definite best for exp especially with exp buffs and hot time .
i just think he should n't waste time doing zak and ht is all haha
you 've had a gun pointed at you 3 times ?
i 'm certain this was n't a social club issue now .
i 'm not certain as to what was causing the disconnect but what i can say is that the version of windows i had which was a cracked version that i must guess was n't 100 parallel with a normal windows at some point had issue with downloads that was the complete fault of the operating system itself and in no way is something that would 've been solvable on either end of the line without changing the middle man .
i say this because after installing a fresh new cracked version of windows that is 100 parallel except for it 's registration never expiring both l.a. noire and fallout 2 have had no issues regarding what had previously been experienced .
this was something i had never encountered before and must 've been so deep in the operating system 's ability to translate data that it actually changed values of files corresponding to getting packet data from a server .
in english my previous operating system either changed or did n't read server values correctly and thus was n't able to actually get data from servers with files that were n't primarily received .
this would explain why i was able to download all of both fallout 2 and l.a. noire 's files but unable to install social club for l.a. noire or specific updates for fallout 2 that were both needed to make the game run .
this explains why i was able to download and play games such as dota 2 and pubg without issue because neither of these games had an installation piece different from the main installation .
both the specific files and social club were not patches and were more like addendums to the games themselves .
whereas a patch changes files and values an addendum simple adds a change that needs to be checked every time the game is launched .
can someone help me decide between having mitrovic and mane or aguero and milner ?
i can not decide for the life of me what the better combo is
you a bitxh he should kill you and your family for running your mouth
the netherlands the 'prince 's flag ' which was just a normal flag but was also used around the second world war by the dutch nazi sympathizers nsb .
it is essentially the normal dutch flag with the red banner replaced with orange .
so if you see someone fly this flag chances are they are neo nazis .
as for lower class the stereotype includes white plastic chairs like these https nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuinstoel media/file plastic\_tuinstoel.jpg https nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuinstoel media/file plastic_tuinstoel.jpg and empty beer crates in front of houses
so dogs player was a rookie who played half a season ?
it 's about as valid as saying that bombs do n't destroy planes terrorists destroy planes and therefore tsa should stop searching for bombs and instead focus on understanding the mindset of each passenger and makng sure they do n't intend to bomb the plane .
then i guess it will be worth waiting for a month as i am also waiting for lian li o11 air to be release in india hopefully by this month .
my mother thought i had a fear of needles for the longest time .
i have a fear of people touching my major arteries and larger veins .
it 's an irrational feeling of no no no you might rip them out or something .
no idea why but i ca n't even stand being touched on those spots .
i am not reselling that mango and giving a percentage to the person who sold me the mango .
thank you and i used to be useless at looping .
just takes practice and knowing if you can time something right !
i 'm already working on another if you wan na sub to see it😜
everyone wants to have their own neat little identity box these days .
this is part of the shit pan people get .
whenever i bring up pan theres this assumption that im just trying to to be different for the sake of being different or bi people that feel offended that i dont exclusively use the bi label or that somehow my pan identity makes implications about the definition of bisexuality .
why cant people claim their own identities and that be ok ?
why is it that when someone uses a lesser known word to identify a part of themselves its a problem and whats with gatekeeping of identities anyway this might be the queer-anarchist in me speaking but whats so wrong with new identities and labels.gatekeeping someone who just feels like a word describes them more accurately is a shitty thing to do .
we should be defining ourselves how we like and fuck people who try to limit the box people wan na use .
take back your identity and claim it for yourself .
this is what i was going for but neater .
its just on a low atmosphere moon at the max build height .
the lack of clouds atmosphere does wonders for the illusion .
i did plenty of recon to ensure i could see all of the planets in my system as well and if the lighting is right i can even see the space station .
point aside it helps you way more than it hurts you .
this post archive.org https web.archive.org/20181005095958/http archive.is/mo6to megalodon.jp http megalodon.jp/pc/get_simple/decide ? url=http archive.is/mo6to could not auto-archive click to resubmit it !
man i hope he take cares of himself that 's nasty !
the irony is that it 's mostly non-eu migration that was the issue and we could have fixed that at any point but leaving the eu was sold as gaining some control over migration overall .
that said her little i 'm being bullied '' piece is bollocks .
if you are a public figure using a public platform to espouse your beliefs then people are going to disagree and vocalise this .
sure some go too far and this is true on all sides of this particular debate and that is a matter for the police if it is a threat .
if not it 's freedom of speech the same freedom you are using to make your point .
when is undertale 2 please sans from undertale tell me that would be epic
that 's the plan p i already got a payrise two months ago after working there for only two months so it will probably be a little while but that 's okay i 'm just plodding along
i believe this would be a long exposure shot in very dark conditions with a light source attached to a drone circling above .
edit the white trail is the light source from the drone .
the drone is set to circle a certain spot at a certain distance and the long exposure captures the entirety of the circle as the drone moves .
that 's what it was supposed to be and then he added a quadrology is that a word ?
as a canadian i feel we are kindred spirits !
that what taxes for.she pays tax and she order the police to catch the thief .
the police is the servant and the lady is the master .
only suggestion is to work on the bumps on the chin .
try hydrocolloid patches they are quick cheap and effective .
you 're the one insisting that just because a group of violent antisemitic fascists claims they 're the good guys it has to be true .
do you mean that there are southerner 's with better diets that prioritize fresh home grown vegetables ?
if that is what you mean then yes you are correct every southerner has a diet '' .
however if you mean to say that the words southern diet '' and/or southern food '' will bring a wide variation to mind then no .
if you live in the south some foods have default meaning .
order tea '' in the south you will be brought a glass of sweet cold tea with ice .
in the south you must say i would like hot tea unsweet tea or no ice .
greens '' in the south means collard although turnip is also acceptable .
if you are having a southern breakfast '' there will be grits as well as biscuits and gravy .
the gravy will be a milk based gravy and it will have chunks of breakfast sausage in it .
also biscuits and gravy is considered a meal on its own .
southern food is its own genre like chinese mexican italian indian or american .
god damn it now i have to go find this actual clip because it 's one of the most badass transformations .
this was back when the show was good and they knew how to correctly divvy out the transformations now it seems there 's some new transformation every other episode or some new absurd character and nearly zero actual plot
question all previous phones have fixed focus distance on front facing camera looks really bad in low light please test if focusing work on one of front cameras .
advice for test if you bring your face closer to camera and tap to focus '' on background and face older phones only adjust brightness now it should noticably change focus on your face and add not-artificial blur on background .
i mean this sub is trash what do you expect ?
i did what made you think i did n't ?
you can treat politics as a hobby as an area of knowledge about the social/legal system .
in this sense it is interesting to discuss it with others to know their opinions maybe possibly where do they come from etc .
i am sorry but i have to point out that your comment assumes i have those traits without any premise .
i know it 's easy to imagine all jp 's fans as neckbeards but based on the people i met in real life i can say that his fanbase contain a wide variety of different people .
over 80 of people i know and meet daily have political opinions differing from mine and we can be friends and discuss political opinions as politocal opponents .
although i 'd say your advice is not bad at what is it trying to do you should cross out avoid talking about politics '' as it is not wrong to have your opinion on something and you have full right if not responisibility to back it .
no i have a general interest in efficient clean technologies clean air and science based policies rather than spoof based policies .
i do n't know if it 's the loss of blood or the melting plastic from the monitor but i feel great !
nothing better standard ones work with everything else but hicapa .
i went a while without any issues but just recently started having this issue
i just found this video https www.facebook.com/warmtvfr/videos/1908639029218724 ? hc_ref=arrg2hpm73arhgfwwzi6vru-hamfzx1j8fvcx9qzn5lr1ysisxv3obwxjkt99xlqlqq tn__=fc-rh-r which shows a guy who attended the event in paris summing up his impressions .
but if you really want component i 'd just get a wii with gamecube ports with component cables .
you could probaby get that at 1/4 of the cost or less than getting gamecube component cables .
being anti gun and being afraid of guns are n't the same thing .
if i talked to girls the way i talked to guys i 'd be fucking slapped 100 .
i completely change my tone and what i talk about when it comes to the gender of the individual .
i must have the perfect relationship because everything i fantasise about happens .
i think they 're going to play in a smaller league .
also they have started to branch into pro fifa but yeah ... still really fucking sad
jdjdhdjs it 's ok i accidentally made it sound more serious than i intended
they only said that about brain damage because they were looking for an explanation for theirs .
and congratulations on number 4 working out so well .
unacsended milt is kinda weak so i would not suggest using her until she is ascended .
tiramisu is almost never useful as she is only a single target healer .
i just do n't understand why lakers fans keep using the phrase banana yellow .
that 's the color that they used to wear .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i read the comic but as soon as heard they were making a movie i knew it would be nothing like the comic and each new thing i heard reinforced that .
i went in expecting it to be far removed from the stories on the page so i was able to appreciate for the great movie it was .
honestly anyone who went in expecting the comic especially after keanu was cast was going in looking for a fight .
just realised i actually think this is south korea .
for a bit of backstory i 'm trying to run a docker swarm of physical hosts in a mapreduce fashion for data analysis .
so why do you need to know when the container itself has stopped ?
is n't it easier to just look at the application running inside the container ?
your data analysis software should not manage docker containers .
i just downloaded 50 shades i got ta say i am happier than a pig wallowing in 3 ' of shit ! ! ! !
keep your sick twisted and wonderful word-binding going on .
campaign targets apple over privacy betrayal for chinese icloud users ''
google chose to leave china instead when the china government tried to hack gmail accounts .
go playground and build build build until you get use to it .
this is n't like the 1930 's where we need to start scaling up and building planes and battleships and tanks .
we already have them and they 're stationed around the world ready to go .
i have seen it take a week to get the update .
if you do n't have it within 7 days from today then i would start to look at side loading it .
it 's hard to make money so it 's perfect for someone who has a source of income that doesnt require as much work like a trust fund .
man this really just brought back the most euphoric feeling .
i remembered the first time my dad and i smoked together .
it was 10 years ago and i remember it like it was yesterday .
since then i joined the military and i 'm currently thousands of miles away from him .
those are the times that make life so great !
an elderly and very well-meaning chinese man told me not to move a single body part or go outside for an entire month after giving birth unless i wanted to go deaf .
between that and all the negativity about ww2 i skipped ww2 .
so i 'm still living 2 years in the past .
maintaining settings costs time because you have to check that all the configurations work right and jagex is a small company that ca n't afford to pay many programmers or testers so it had to go to make room for more important things .
hold on i 'm being told jagex actually has massive profits and could hire a team 5x bigger .
in one of replies silf mentions that the crown artifacts wo n't be there if vikings have stolen it .
i hope the loser gets to be face flat on the proper 12 whiskey logo .
h. keys w. 0.85 usd note i am from australia and paypal does incur fees
my son broke a 6s and is using a 5c .
he texts calls goes on instagram and surfs just fine .
it was in preschool there was a kid who always was up to no good .
as little as i can remember all i said to him was around the lines of whats up ? ''
i knew he was special but damn ... age 24 and its still a blue spot .
was torrenting some linux distros to try and well luckily my phone turned off data at the 9 gig mark
i have the paid version of avast and it still gives me annoying ads trying to get me to buy extra features .
yo can we need a blaber being ulted by urgot highlight reel
that political shitshow is n't equivalent to an actual investigation and you know it .
catching one of these and watching its life and color fade out had an effect on him .
this was like 10 years ago and it just kinda stuck with me .
but hulk crashing through the sanctum is also one of the best parts !
it came from shitposters mocking incel gamers who think they are oppressed .
he is free to allow his mom to have time with the kids on his time but that does n't mean that his mom can pick them up against the custodial parent 's wishes unless it is in the court order .
blaber deserved that for flashing without checking if kira had egg
you have a very battle.net-centric view of what made d2 great .
i have 1000s of hours in d2 and almost never play with another player .
the core gameplay is better than d3 the mobs are more varied character design is better the music is excellent etc .
people who live to hate should be hated to live .
you average a decent amount of deaths above everyone .
lower level plays ca n't adapt as fast because that is where their skill level is .
sion is doing tower damage is kind of dumb but unique in that we have n't seen it on a charging ult before .
the thing with sions kit though is that his split pushing has been relatively strong/decent already so having a use for it is unique .
i just would n't do it unless i am already losing because no point in throwing if you win lane already
that 's a great idea i 've never worked with acrylic but i want to give it a try now !
on a recent flo ycling podcast they talked about how something like 90 of the aero gains from wheels come from their opzimized shape alone .
going from a box section wheel to an opzimized wheel will yield the biggest results .
apart from that allegedly the differences between different manufacuterers and depths are marginal at best .
i think you should look into other aspects and the general quality of the wheel and it 's hub/bearings .
when it comes to looks i think 60mm is the maximum depth that you can run on a non-aero road bike .
i went with 48mm wheels over 62mm wheels recently and am very happy with it .
i woudlnt want a wheel that is significantly shallower though .
if you look at pro bikes most of them run between 40 and 50 .
the only reasoning i 've heard anyone have for taking pitt has been psychological mumbo jumbo that i 'm not really buyin .
it 's a let down game after almost beating clemson '' ehh.. not really buying that .
i think syracuse has a chip on their shoulders has something to prove will play like it .
the game is at pitt '' that 's maybe worth 4 points
the way i 'm seeing it i would be shocked if pitt scores 25 i 'd be even more shocked if cuse does n't score 30
kinda begs the question of why needed to remake one of the most awarded movies of all time .
when i 'm upset about something i ask myself does it really affect you ? ''
my mom hates this idea that i have that in reality the only things that matter to a person is themselves and their loved ones .
anyone else friends significant others before marriage strangers do n't really matter to your life .
yeah so-and-so 's grandma died it sucks but it really does n't affect me so i 'm not going to spend my time concerned over it .
actually yes you 're supposed to run away in a straight line as most folks ca n't shoot a gun straight .
tl dr i was showering and the shitty headphone jack speakers had a demonic kid speak through them
back in 2013 we had these two connected wire speakers and they were shitty as hell .
i 'm talking if you turned the volume up more than 45 it would start to crackle and sound like a video recorded on a phone during a concert .
anyways one day i 'm getting out of the shower and when i go to reach for my towel i knock one speaker off .
the wires pull and it knock the second one off and as they hit the floor it breaks off the speaker covers .
immediately my music stops and a child 's voice loudly says you broke it '' through the speakers .
i had never heard any song or video sound that loud and that crisp through those fuckers .
i 'm standing there naked and dripping wet looking at the things as it starts playing my music again .
freaked me the fuck out but none if my family members who were all in the living room said they heard that voice or even hear the loud crash of the speaker 's at all even when i showed them proof that they had broken .
i do have another story about a different speaker being interrupted but this comment is too long now lol .
anyone concerned about false rape accusations becoming an epidemic should take a read through this thread .
also what i do n't understand is why so many men are freaking out about false rape accusations being how metoo is going to affect their lives when i would guess that more men are sexually assaulted or raped then are falsely accused of rape .
7 of american men experience sexual assault or rape according to the sources in that twitter thread but i doubt 7 of men are falsely accused of rape .
youtube for sure the ps4 interface is so god damn slow i would n't trust it .
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been removed from r/natureisfuckinglit for the following reason s
please feel free to message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/natureisfuckinglit subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission https www.reddit.com/r/natureisfuckinglit/comments/9ls9fo/dynasties_first_look_trailer_so_much_lit if you feel this was in error or would like further clarification .
yeah because they all take money from the entire defense industry
in canada if a person solicits a dealer and the fund is highly unsuitable a case could be made that crypto is for their risk tolerance we are required to deny the sale .
eg a high risk investment for a risk adverse person refuse sale .
a medium risk fund for the same person shouldnt do it but let me explain the risk sign here and its all yours
instead of kissing him on the mouth it might have been a small peck on his forehead .
i 'm not sure it would be very safe .
dementors i 'm not sure are even real physical creatures exactly and the horcrux i think needs that physicality .
let me sell you a toyota and when i get the lexus parts in i will upgrade you free of charge .
wait was kawhi and lowry at the game today on the bench ?
thinking about it now she would have pretty much a case of flatfoot due to the claws in her feet when they are retracted .
she 'd never be able to flex or arch them .
even without training we can basic tools for affecting mechanical force to continue picking our children up indefinitely .
i guess being around the more hardcore mma community it 's more 50/50 compared to the casual fanbase .
i 'm sorry but this literally reads like a reading of a really bad novel .
i do n't have much 10bit stuff other than hdr stuff so i actually use my shield for that .
i 've honestly basically replaced my mi box with a shield .
i 'm using my mi box in the gym now .
not sure gon na ai n't nobody got time for that !
it really feels like they are actively trying to keep people out of top tier
you have been given one point for this answer .
it 's not uncommon to become lactose intolerant later in life .
my husband 's entire family is lactose intolerant and it was n't issue for any of them until their 30 's or even 40 's .
the ideology of islam is so opposed to lgbt rights
the more intolerant a society is the more accidentally gay they become .
i spent a lot of time in elk city with work .
spend 15 weeks there and tell me it did n't taint you 're opinion of oklahoma .
ripple and xrp are both going to play huge roles in the future blockchain/dlt-based world that is currently in development especially in the global financial markets .
people are are not paying attention to the vast partnerships ripple has as well as the recently announced commercial release of their xrapid technology that utilizes xrp .
however more importantly are the global financial policy makers and entities who are ever present at/in ripple 's conferences and circles .
you do n't garner visits from the international monetary fund 's deputy general counsel and alt .
executive director ross leckow and sunil sabharwal to come speak at your blockchain conference i.e .
most are allowing their personal proclivities around the fact that ripple is working with banks fis etc .
i believe if most can get past their 'love affair ' with a particular coin/platform and set aside what at times seem to be unyielding animosity towards ripple/xrp the truth becomes obvious .
ripple is by far the single most called upon fintech company that most if not all global financial and state-level entities https ripple.com/insights/ripple-hosts-worlds-central-banks-to-explore-next-generation-of-payments that control the levers of monetary policy and the repositories of trillions worth of fiat call upon to help them navigate this ever changing blockchain evolution innovative payments infrastructure https ripple.com/insights/exploring-innovation-payment-system-infrastructures .
financial entities like the bank for international settlements bis international monetary fund imf g20 brics the financial stability board fsb and central banks sama https ripple.com/insights/ripple-and-saudi-arabian-monetary-authority-offer-pilot-program-for-saudi-banks and bofe https ripple.com/insights/results-of-the-bank-of-englandripple-proof-of-concept-published-today .
no other fintech company has the ear of these financial groups more so than ripple .
ripple 's executive chairman chris larsen sits on the i**mf 's advisory group on fintech https www.imf.org/en/news/articles/2017/03/15/pr1784-imf-managing-director-welcomes-establishment-of-high-level-advisory-group-on-fintech ryan zagone ripple 's director of regulatory relations sits on the us federal reserve 's faster payments taskforce steering committee https fasterpaymentstaskforce.org/meet-the-task-force/the-contributors the advisory board of the united nations ' better than cash alliance https www.imfconnect.org/content/dam/imf/spring-annual 20meetings/sm18/fintech/fintech 20exchange 20at 20the 20ilab.pdf pg .
5 and the csbs fintech industry advisory panel https twitter.com/ryanzagone/status/921081101153685507 ? lang=en —a group that aims to help streamline interstate blockchain regulatory/licensing framework https www.csbs.org/csbs-announces-fintech-advisory-panel-members with those of other federal regulatory bodies in the us and marcus treacher ripple 's global head of strategic accounts appointed as an independent director to the clearing house automated payment system chaps https ripple.com/insights/ripple-executive-marcus-treacher-appointed-chaps-board board .
the point that i 'm trying to make here is not so much ripple 's presence with these various national and global financial policy conglomerates but the lack thereof and complete absence of other fintech/blockchain companies/entities .
you do n't see/hear any reps from bitcoin ethereum stellar etc .
recalibrating the global financial network is not going to happen overnight or outside the system but will germinate from within current infrastructure .
this process will require engaging with regulators and policy makers https www.parliamentlive.tv/event/index/df1a1232-f145-4748-a561-d2cddea27746 alike .
also one last thing that has n't gotten enough coverage over the past year or so is the sbi/ripple consortium's ripple connect rc cloud https www.coindesk.com/47-banks-blockchain-complete-dlt-cloud-pilot-ripple-tech and money tap https www.ccn.com/ripple-blockchain-payments-app-moneytap-goes-live-in-japan domestic payments system that went live a day or two ago .
japan is currently in the process of rebuilding their entire domestic/international banking infrastructure due to the sheer cost of transacting domestic/international transactions that are about 5-10x more than us transactions costs http www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/investors/disclosure/presentation/pdf/170301presentations.pdf slide 38 .
when you can claim to have virtually 80 https ripple.com/insights/sumitomo-mitsui-banking-corporation-and-japan-post-bank-join-sbi-ripple-asias-bank-consortium of the 3rd largest economy 's domestic/international banking/financial infrastructure utilizing your dlt/blockchain technology the shit better fuckin work .
sbi-ripple is attempting something that many governments and the global banking community have been extremely skeptical and leery of and that is using cloud-based banking infrastructure https www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/news/pdf/2017/0302_a_en.pdf on a massive scale .
once this rc cloud is deemed to be successful bug-free safe and secure i think the flood-gates will open for new banking and corporate consortiums for ripple .
this rc cloud could very well become the standard other countries will model/adopt to re-build their antiquated domestic/cross-border financial networks .
ripple can now say hey excuse me us fed/treasury people 's bank of china state bank of india—japan is running on ripple why are n't you ?
it is partnerships like these that gives ripple credibility in this very conservative space of banking and finance that is crucial for adoption .
does sleeping with blackbeard sounds like a nice idea to you ?
i really hope the spurs did n't see him as that when we drafted him
i would send all of my students to whatever post secondary education they wanted .
i would n't mind some violence in the pokémon anime .
i would love to see a scene reminiscent to the battle https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=n4yqswz_lnq for https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rdpfxwrlbgg autobot https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ysgpcdf1gcm city https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4xzf2t8_h7a from transformers the movie 1986 where ash his classmates and all his past traveling companions fight against team rainbow rocket .
do n't feel so bad even celebrities get confused !
the sky sports site added races to my calendar but not the practice or quali
yeah almost the most frustrating thing to me about the st not really but almost is how they do n't commit to anything clear with rey .
there 's no specific proof so technically it would n't be hard to walk the suggestions back .
and dang well all i can say is good luck with your paper we can do this !
nah it 's a retelling of what happened with mario and pauline actually .
in a post-game moon pauline quizzes you about herself and one of the questions asks about something that happened to her a long time ago .
the correct answer is kidnapped by a giant ape . ''
so yeah donkey kong is still canon and odyssey considers the new donk city festival to be a retelling of those very events with mario and pauline reenacting the parts they themselves played in real life all those years ago .
i was pissed but now it 's a whole different .
as far as i know vegetarians in the us eat animal by products eggs dairy honey but not the actual animal .
whether real or not this is justin apple https www.hatchlittlebunn.com/attorneys/justin-apple .
tbh after reading his profile i think this man is actually real .
good point i suppose to me i always saw self-chosen ignorance as a kind of weakness as if you are too weak to handle the truth .
if you take what you advocate and apply it to a relationship then it goes something like this
1 a woman knowingly chooses not to ask her partner if she cheated on him because she suspects he has .
2 she keeps dating him and he keeps cheating and she eventually finds out
3 she could have prevented a larger misfortune by being strong enough to know the truth in the beginning and walking away from the start .
we as humans need truth in order to appropriately choose our best course of action .
sure you can be technically correct but then what is the point of bringing it up ?
it 's like saying you grew up in l.a. one of the most violent cities in america but you actually grew up in a house in beverly hills .
it might be okay to do so but what 's the point of it ?
all it 's doing is giving in to a public-caring materialistic shallow and fake lifestyle .
i think after the whole victoria thing ellen pao would come here due to the friendliness
i would really like to know what 's going through the minds of the boston coaching staff .
are they like we 're fucked or are they saying well that 's fine just fine. i 'm curious to find out .
download the software xperia companion or something like that .
backup what you need to and do a factory reset .
however in my opinion this looks like a hardware issue so i suspect unless you got a six month warranty on that refurbished device you 've been unlucky and you 're going to either pay for a repair or buy another phone .
yes i believe you have access to the videos for quite a while up until the new blizzcon season as well
pitch outs only work like 10 percent of the time .
arkk is one of the better performing etfs man .
they 're crazy and probably the biggest tesla bulls you can find .
that 's why i think hinch sent him back out for the 7th .
hinch really tested him there sending him in with bases loaded .
the ball was wobbling right before/when he kicked it .
given that he side-footed it the odds of skying it are pretty damn high .
his technique was chit so it 's not necessarily an excuse but more of a that was poor ''
this post has been removed because it appears to only contain a link with little other content .
please repost this as a link post or if it 's self-post friday wait until tomorrow .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
makes sense as to why we have n't seen it since the 1st .
i was excited until i saw the mention of a token .
i started puberty reallyyy early so i 'm like 5'5 while most of my grade is barely 5 feet .
i can also talk about sex without making everything a joke/getting super uncomfortable so that 's something .
and i think i 'm good at grasping difficult concepts ?
hope this does n't sound like me flexing or anything but this just what i think lol
now you got ta post the screenshot of the removal to the forums .
i would 've dumped her as soon as i saw i was catfished he alleges .
or after the running into the bushes when drunk incident .
will let yall know and i agree it 's great pix .
this young talented lad realizes that greek is literally someone who only shows up when he smells money or the people that could possibly give him more exposure .
he does n't give two shits or a fuck about his fans and he 's admitted that be it blatantly or hidden with comedy '' i use the word 'comedy ' very loosely btw considering he 's got comedic value equivalent to that of amy schumer .
a ship i 've been wanting to build for awhile now .
has fleet command and a bunch of other scripts i love .
when i tell bible stories i have this habit of telling them like they unfolded on twitter last week .
so jesus was like all you church people are just virtue signaling when you donate money .
you 've all gotten really good at donating money one handed because your other hand is taking a selfie to plaster on all your social media but god thinks those facebook likes and reddit karma should be reward enough .
if you really wan na make god happy with your donation pretend like you 're murdering someone .
pretend charity is a capital crime and you need to be sneaky so nobody can trace this act of kindness back to you . ''
it wo n't ruin it but the anime does n't give you the complete experience so read from the beginning and do n't skip the chapters it covers .
i saved this because i could be the most sad day ever and this will light up my day .
put it in the vault and crush it beneath a mantra of positivity and honesty .
lolll im waiting for the day my brother says that to me
i just watched a certain movie from 96 with will smith and aliens in the aforementioned room .
only if you follow what they say and not go opposite of everything they say
your post is n't more urgent than anyone else 's thats all understandable though as you seem quite keen
get some neosporin ointment on it right away if you 're worried about infection .
a cortisone cream might help with the itching that comes as healing scabs .
just a general practitioner can prescribe antibiotics if it 's truly needed .
edit and yes taking an anti inflammatory is a good idea too .
can you please learn to fucking figure this shit out .
how many goddamn times do we need to see this ?
do n't worry—this is my second time getting sober ... at 20 months and they can still knock me on my ass .
last time it was somewhere between 3-5 years that they really calmed but they did get progressively better from day 1 both times .
im proud of you for staying strong and sober !
i 'm sure it 's hard but i bet you 'll be super proud of yourself for not drinking .
good luck getting through all that and hope everything works out for the best .
i have a 2013 and it leaks like a sieve .
the thermostat is a pretty common problem in this type .
not to interrupt an otherwise very courteous and learned debate but can i register my acknowledgement and thank you both for elevating the bar for discussion on this sub ?
u/throwggg and u/gamestrategy labadiinuba waxaad muujiseen aqoon iyo asluub dood halkan aan hore looga arag .
i 'm trying to think of a system that would allow us to bring a lower level item up to cp 160 .
this is just a horrible waste and i 'd love to have a way to bring it up to be useful but without being game breaking .
thank you so much it 's just that affirmative action worries me and a 75 can do bad things to one 's average .
and gordon beats josh barnett with a triangle in four minutes .
when i pulled her i thought she was a playable character and was freaking out when i did n't see her in my unit collection lol
my son was right on the edge of the cutoff .
ultimately we decided to hold off in sending him and it worked out for the best .
did you feel like he was going to kill you ?
well you see sunlight hits the entj and their body prevents those rays of light from reflecting off of the ground .
so you end up getting a dark spot on the ground in the shape of the entj which we call a shadow '' .
he is going to have to revert to 2013 puig first ... its been a rough couple of years .
im part native almost everyone is and i see the natives daily we get taught about them since we are like 7 so i know a lot i guess
is that an image of clarko standing around with clarko having a chat with clarko ?
stop pickin bones an go krump sum new wuns ya git ! !
got stabbed in the arm in the 2nd grade by a girl named susan .
as an analyst myself 15-20 would be an insult to me .
i 'm currently contracting for more than 3x your minimum just to update legacy excel reports to a modern bi tool .
my advise would be to get comfortable with tableau and link up with one of the many staffing agencies in the area .
wow now that you say it its not very realistic.someone should start with half of the board bought and another with debt .
if i had any money i would give this gold
edit man you got ta read batman 55 and nightwing 50 .
let 's start using their vote supressing tactics against them too .
mandatory driving tests for anyone over 60 every year full driving exam .
we do n't save you unless you sign papers saying you want to be saved .
your absolutely right about the dry drunk thing and i had no idea that was the case until i started getting sober seriously the 2nd time .
going to aa i hear people talking about their thought patterns emotions and obsessional behaviour !
it was like a lightbulb moment that this is why had always drank to quiet my manic brain ha ha ... although i ca n't change who i am i can learn how to manage it and stop the negative thought patterns before they get out of control .
and if there is n't any water they will knock over every damned cup and scream until they have been quenched .
different situation i know but last year someone false reports me as a threat .
no evidence even according to the police i get a 1 day suspension she got nothing not even a fucking warning
being a fit runner you will probably heal quicker although be more frustrated .
some supermarkets have wheelchairs to loan if you ask them .
then at least if someone takes you you can get out the house .
i 'm definitely going to be more careful with a dead leg .
legend has it that from his ashes rose goh chok tong baey yam keng and heng swee keat..
i 'd say to encourage people to watch american circumcision and to get out there and tell everyone to end this madness .
write to your representatives write to hospitals lodge formal complaints against tv shows that promote circumcision .
i 've started menarehuman.com to generate these kinds of articles and we have one coming up on circumcision that is utterly brutal .
first of all they are side missions robberies and the like not story missions .
more importantly they are '' withheld '' in the same way that spider-man or god of war is withheld from pc and xbone players .
meaning that the content would n't even exist in the first place had there not been these pre-order incentives .
rockstar have themselves said that they created this content specifically to be used as pre-order bonuses .
that my fascination of human behavior could have actually been put to use .
i 'm up early and off to a soccer tourney .
please let me know the response from lego if you get one .
also happy to contribute to a gofund me or order from amazon and send some his way .
this ca n't stand and he needs to have his faith restored .
it 's not incorrect at least not if you consider that the guy would run out of stencils for the tattooo thus running out of numbers to tattoo
got ta hit it straight to shoot 77 there !
there are people out there that absolutely would take the opportunity to kill republicans if they had the chance .
ya ca n't just agree to terms and then swap the product at the last minute .
since there are multiple posts about this issue this week i suspect it 's backend related .
if you can i would recommend getting p3 fes since it has more content after you are done with the game .
as for the game itself it 's not that different keep in mind it was released before the others so it 's a bit weird .
ex you ca n't control your party members ai only you can command them to heal/attack ... etc .
your social links are n't your teammates they are other people at your school .
you ca n't social link the people you fight shadows with .
social links can be reversed their arcana card will get reversed if you annoy them or ignore them too much .
his complete talking-point how the us is loosing in international trade how it is loosing in every international trade deal how the world is laughing at the us how they abuse the us how he is needed to make america great again .
while this narrative is at a whole dumb shit that has nothing to do with real international politics well apart at the laughing at the us but that was not because of the prior trade deal but because of the current government evident by the last un summit it was sufficient to create the feeling of humiliation enough to have an equal effect on what the german experienced with the treaty of versaille .
and about the attack again it does n't matter if it happend what matters if the feeling can be created that is similar to something like that .
and again the republicans worked hard on that one making the feeling of mexicans in the us and muslims comming to the us a similar feeling as being occupied and defeated .
trump in particular but also the republicans as a whole were working hard and intensly to create the same emotional foundation within the us that allowed hitler to rise in germany .
holy shit an og evolv tg without airflow mods !
you wouldnt happen to reside in the artic circle would you ?
i just read through your profile and you are consistently negative and offensive .
get a life and take your self loathing garbage some other place .
and if you truly need help then stop using this platform as therapy and go get help .
what makes it even more annoying is that it 's not like gorgon is even doing anything in this event .
he easily could 've been left out or quickly killed in the first issue .
i am a computer science major with a degree .
i know the theoretical and i know the reality .
if you are unhappy with my suggestions you are more than welcome to test them and post your results .
cat 7 does exsist and will help with data on the wire .
a network is only as strong as its weakest parts .
so please put your cat 5 on top of that florescant lamp or near that space heater .
i am at work so i was only able to watch a little bit of it .
what i saw it did n't seem too impressive .
does he stroll through limsa often there are people there into that sorta thing .
i think manufacturers are starting to realize that pascal is still extremely relevant post-turing cause no one wants to spend that much on them .
i feel like the prices are just gon na keep increasing at this point .
sorry dude i do n't spend 100 of my free time on reddit .
you could also invest in a seedbox depending on your needs .
when/where were they last known deployed to a hot zone ?
used hot zone '' as whatever i 'm not closed to being a military
i would take out the photo with the harem of women .
running uah with a wraith energy siegebreaker both 106 shadowshard and currently upgrading my bundlebuss .
plenty of forsaken show different feeling beyond apathy and gloomyness .
getting the filter out and back in takes some geometry knowledge .
hard to tell the exact angle and route they intended the filter to come out/go back in .
other than that the process is pretty straightforward and easy .
takes 5 minutes one you know how on your specific vehicle .
i mean that streamer seems like a piece of shit too
a little but she 's 4680g either way just over 10lbs .
how about a film about a female 00 agent .
probably the hardest showcase match i 've played was the austin 3:16 finale rock/austin iii at wrestlemania 19 i 've only fully beat it once .
you can use the next wallet alternatively or switch to one of the light wallets like navpay .
the next wallet version is due to be released next week anyways .
it is a big bang theory reference but ... to knocknocpenny up ?
i think there 's a pun or something i 'm not getting .
it 's not clipping it 's just sloppy mesh skinning .
those vertices are only linked to the root bone of the skeleton which generally never moves during animation you always need a root bone to which the entire skeleton is bound to .
when you skin a model to bones it maintains it 's relative offset to that bone and since the root bone never moves neither do these vertices .
which is why it looks fine when you 're just standing aorund but starts bugging out when you lie or sit down .
thx we always love to hear that we help others or at least make coping easier .
it may seem that when most of us write about what we experienced the consensus seems to be leave them '' .
that is seldom the case or rather in hardcore situations .
the overall experience is just that people grind themselves up or get ground up by the pwbpd without a way out .
thats why most people on here post in a dramatic drastic way because they fear for the worst because some of us have been treated in the worst ways possible .
some of us seem frustrated and pissed off and thats what we are .
and in some regards you ca n't even use therapy to get rid of feelings of anger hate even .
some reactions are just natural after huge abuse exploitation and such .
we 'll always be here even if some may choose to quit because this sub brings up memories .
there 's always this place here where people can look for help .
so i take it the other story had the diary entries and ghost sightings too then ?
no but that 's a rather disingenuous and leading question .
the books are different in their specifics otherwise it would be plagiarism but if you were to summarise both books to their essential story points as i did in my previous comment they sound remarkably similar .
my original comment was meant as disappointment that another of his books seems to be using an older classic as 'inspiration ' as there are only so many times an author can rightly get away with that .
possibly worth mentioning that the missing girls are sighted briefly at the rock after their presumed deaths so actually lindsay 's book may contain ghost sightings .
the problem with going down is his speed will be less impressive at flw .
well ok my bad for not having a sense of humor .
next time if you do n't have anything useful to say save your playful words .
back in v1 we always got new characters rarely any returning .
this sounds about right and definitely has not changed my mind
probably not the guy is literally just sitting there .
i 've seen a few fully loaded that nearly gave me a heart attack while passing .
the amount of sway around a corner was stupidly excessive though it could have just been a shit rig ?
funny it is kinda like the lack of medical marijuana research i ca n't imagine the ethical board hoops a true study in the us would have to go through to actually have monitored pe .
hell the self reporting penis size survey a few months back got canned when the researchers ' university found out .
it 's not the first time i see it .
sexuality is binary '' has he ever heard of bisexuality ?
you mean how a bunch of brain dead subhuman retards keep trying to conflate socialism with democratic socialism like in nordic countries .
the ones shouting socialism is wrong are not even intelligent to be considered human and can never actually define what socialism is .
they fear monger about socialism they reeeee about socialism but they ca n't actually define socialism .
i 'm sorry i have an emotional wall up .
i do remember thos one time specifically we were drinking and drawing .
he went to the bathroom and was in there.for a good minute .
he came out and i ran to.him and hughed.him and said something along the lines of i thought you were never going to come back out of there . ''
remember i was drunk cause i 'm a small girl .
i do n't know why i reacted that was about a week before he left .
he went into a bathroom and never came back out .
sean has been on a number of international teams and has represented his country very honorably while also passing on probably a decade 's worth of knowledge collected from one of the country 's best coaches to new lifters .
i 'm guessing your resume does not measure up favorably with his .
i have the same book and hope to cook every recipe from it some day .
gamble vs. united states https www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/brett-kavanaugh-s-confirmation-may-be-how-every-trump-associate-ncna916681 is a little-known supreme court case coming up that could give trump the power to pardon his crime family while also making them immune to state charges .
this is the real reason why the gop is stacking scotus with kavanaugh to make all of the crimes uncovered so far and in the future disappear completely .
the republicans will have the power to completely and forevermore commit all of the crimes their hearts desire with complete and utter impunity .
this type of mechanic is great for a dungeon or temporary environmental effect !
it adds flavor challenge and makes players think differently .
it just does n't work as a permanent addition to the system .
hello u/mc270 your submission has been removed in order to combat spam posts from new or low karma accounts .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to submit here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose account account age limits .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pornhubcomments if you have any questions or concerns .
probably as soon as your states give up spots in congress and stop claiming disaster relief every time earth says fuck a fault line .
i hope that 's the case and it 'll all just go away .
the thing which stops me from running that map is the insane amount of backtracking needed
i move a lot and whenever i have a new setup it takes ages for me to get used to .
i once went from playing on 60 ping to 13 ping .
my friends could not understand how the reduced ping did not make me instantly better at the game .
eventually though even better than a bot you want real people as mods so you can keep streaming and not have to worry about accidental timeouts and such .
plus bots ca n't really ban without your permission so real people are the best at keeping the trolls at bay .
once you get regulars you trust you can ask them if they would like to become a mod or if you have any other gaming friends family or irl friends .
the us has a lot less oversight on judges than most other modern countries especially with how many people have to flow through the justice system there due to all kinds of stupid problems .
i 've never made my own sour cream but i know there are recipes out there .
but if the creator wants to implement vr compatibility it 's not difficult to add an exit
being those things has informed my life experience so if i 'm giving advice to someone whose not like me they should know that because they 're more knowledgeable about how to live in their own skin .
what works for me might not for them based on their experience .
and he dropped the target and fumbled his goal line carry
no i did n't but i did have a book that had a cd that comes with it the same size of a video game disc and was n't told anything about it .
so you should be ok but if anything if there 's something in it that should n't be it 'll go through the scanner and they 'll probably take it out and ask whose backpack it is and have you take out the items and put it in a bin and send it through the scanner again .
i have 1900 mmr i find it almost impossible to find a game
i 'd be terrified to see whats capable of making a meal out of that hell beast
may former weather underground members are social science profs now .
holy shit that 's way more on his seat than i thought .
i have no idea how the mass did n't crush through his legs
i agree that this could be an issue but i do n't necessarily think it 's a massive relationship ending issue .
i think we can overcome it but i should probably talk to her about it .
how does magic function with ancient languages and numerology ?
it 's taking place outside of school and is n't associated with the school in any way .
i would pray that my child 's school tried something like that .
i think it 's because of the multiple languages .
unsung '' might sound like a location to non-native english speakers .
apparently at the time she really did burn all of her letters to alexander .
then after his passing his name was dragged though the mud by political foes such as jefferson adams .
hamilton unable to defend himself due to burr 's gunshot was used as a political scapegoat when it was useful .
so eliza discovers and collects all his papers and hires a series of over 30 assistants to work through all his writings to make sure his legacy is preserved .
a 7 volume history was complete by their fourth son john after eliza 's death .
this is how she came back into the narrative .
and she erased her own writings so we do n't know how she reacted to the affair .
that 's the point to demonstrate them that the value goes up on something destroyed because 'art ' .
i love my husband but everyday in the last five months i wanted to cheat .
sure this will pass in its own but i 'm just bored man .
i feel like the horse is in the stranger's face in the gif
same for my mp i even shared his voting record before the election and people still voted for him .
but seriously fuel for a personal fire is different than stoking a fire strong enough to power a steam engine .
i imagine the smelters we have are hamster wheels that melt stuff like this .
i did the analyzer and it would cost me more based on the amount of data i use
the only reason this gets confused is because the american right-wing purposely mixed those terms together .
a single freak of nature is hardly a good example for the average fighter ... .
that 's like oh there was a human that was 9feet tall ''
the actual answer to this is a large water tower near the launch pad which is visible in this picture https www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/thumbnails/image/launch_pad_39b_water_deluge_test.jpg .
it holds 300,000 gallons of water and empties in less than a minute .
ill tell them before they come to my house that they ca n't stay but when they 're actually here i 'll just kinda hint at the fact that i do n't want them there .
i 'd feel guilty telling them to leave straight up
because cunts like you give it attention instead of letting it die in the arse .
you can remember it by one l at the end .
i too will be putting a 2080ti in the ghost s1 but with a 2700x .
i picked up the silverstone sx800-lti for the additional headroom .
silverstone recently upgraded the sx800-lti with a new fdb fan that is quieter than the 92mm fans used in the corsair sfx units and of course the fan used in the original sx800-lti model .
the only downside is that it 's a little longer which is non-issue in the ghost as you mentioned .
it would have never been that close if not for nader voters .
i 'm totally with you it 's seriously impeding my enjoyment of the game so far .
the combat in origins was much more enjoyable for me with the ability to both block and parry .
it just does n't make sense if anything shields belong in this setting much more than they did of that of origins ...
eren does n't know about zeke being half royal .
eren knows he is dina 's son and eren knows dina is royal .
lots of room for a vocal yet it carries itself .
i 'd like some more in the high end perhaps but other than that this really works .
dieser thread wurde an einem anderen ort auf reddit verlinkt .
r/austria psa for vienna 6th october 2018 do n't worry when you hear sirens this noon .
enough to know its not as simple as just putting them in and saying all good .
they have to at the very least be re textured .
my department had 5 of us which is amazing .
however one associate got called to another department to cover a 15 minute break .
another got the same scam pulled on her and disappeared for over an hour .
that left 3 people one of whom had to take his lunch break .
number 4 was told that he had to finish some cbls .
tomorrow the dm will want to know why over half the freight brought out in the middle of the afternoon never got worked .
customers wanted to know why we are out of so many things for weeks running now .
the department looks terrible and management is mad because we have so many people .
tomorrow night we drop to just 2 of us .
1 if you want to get technical because i have to cover a 2nd area .
and all of us have had our hours cut .
had a nice couple who asked me if i could find someone to help them in the next department .
i did n't have the heart to tell them that walmart refuses to staff anyone there on busy weekends for some crazy reason .
called for help and they paged over the loudspeakers .
no one showed up which is what i knew would happen .
called a second time for the customers and asked for a support manager .
after 30 minutes the couple gave up and walked out of the store .
we are a high volume superstore being run into the ground .
capital ships will have 5x scale vid conference that directly displays your character .
the personal attack is not necessary while you 're trying to explain your point .
maybe it 's our greatest downfall that we would even consider being friends with someone who bases their entire identity on hating 51 of the population .
think every dollar i give to mom is a dollar that does n't get spent on bettering my children 's life . ''
i do n't think we 're lucky enough for billie to play two lesbians in back to back seasons .
i looked on line for you and they sell them on amazon .
but i do n't for one second want you running around thinking every raider fan has their own shoulder armor with spikes
3 months ago when i was smoking daily i was spending 200-400 month .
now that i 've quit i 'm spending zero nada zilch .
pointing out that a player is a piece of shit .
just things i heard from when i was a kid .
it 's just that it 's pretty heavily wooded .
do n't want someone rolling up on me when i 'm lounging and unaware .
it 's probably just because it 's halloween and 13 is the creepy number
that 's definitely a clear sign that he does n't know his stuff !
you definitely do n't want to keep just trying things out on the advice of someone who is n't 100 up to date with the best treatments for sibo .
things can go very wrong i have personal experience .
is this the lugia from xd gale of darkness ?
i 've never seen someone actually transfer it from cgn to gba
if you have noticed the most of the fighters come from either from kanagawa prefecture or osaka .
if you can prove in court that you did n't have the required mens rea for theft then you ca n't be convicted for theft .
the same goes for every crime the minimum mens rea must be met to be convicted of anything .
there are other legal issues mostly civil/tort issues than can be used to remedy the situation .
the point is that being convicted of theft carries a heavy stigma for the rest of your life and no one who does n't meet the requisite fault element mens rea should have to bare that stigma .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
do you often have to pay someone for throat surgery ?
because it 'd be weird if you often had to undergo throat surgery .
in college we had an instructor who would n't let us have water in class .
saw multiple classmates booted for having water on their desk when class started .
he 's generally using two bots dakka with a dominus and shielding them well with groups of 5 infantry at my suggestion .
hes started using hoplite as a wall after his 5 ranger squads .
he usually has 3 dragoons in there as well to move up on me .
it doesnt seem too scary but i 've been avoiding kraken avoiding two flyrants and it just seems like i might need to cheese more to counter him .
he consistently kills 10 of my army turn one and if i have genestealers they are what dies ... or my tyrant .
post removed item is in the fat which you should have checked before posting
dont want to go into too much detail but a girl i slept with started rumors to protect her own ego
one of my friends '' with problems controlling his anger in 2nd grade straight up stabbed me in the hand .
40lbs is a drop in the ocean for her .
i 've lost 60lb in the last 18 months and even my heaviest was half her size .
she could safely and healthy lose over 100lb in a year
bij de kabinetsformatie heeft volgens mij groenlinks gevraagt in het vragenuurtje waar de dividendsbelasting verwijdering vandaan kwam .
vooral omdat geen enkele partij het in hun plan had staan .
zalm verklaarde dat dit een verzoek was van een of andere club van banken lobbies ofzo .
het is dus wel besproken maar was toen ook al wat vaag
elective monarchies were actually quite common up until the late middle ages when hereditary monarchies started taking their place as feudalism started to disappear to give way for more centralized government states .
but there are still examples of elective monarchies that made it far past the middle ages like the holy roman empire or the polish-lithuanian commonwealth .
makes you wonder what we will be calling/distinguishing our farts in 2050 .
infinity esports really showing why lan should stay an independent region
we let them come based on the hurricane only .
now it 's crime ridden then it 's their economy is bad .
etc etc might as well end the program and just make them stay this was always the end result
i wish i could lick your pussy and suck on your clit !
all drinking games are dumb and basically should n't be a thing .
binge drinking is n't ever good but for some reason people lap that shit up while simultaneously expressing their contempt for drug users .
i did n't state an opinion about what happened .
conor swung at a guy that was n't attacking anyone .
they 're my go-to chillies i eat them all the time .
chapo and lsc are like the prime rib of reddit 's nutjob-left spergout entertainment .
i like to think someone sat down and said hey you know what ?
we need a place where alt-berniebros can try really really hard to be tankies .
i 'm sure that 'll go just absolutely great . ''
i agree on everybody mentioning ranger because you come with your own two tanks .
i also had moderate success with guardian because with a shield you already have 3 heals on your own aswell as aegis from time to time .
i am sorry but it just feels that way to me .
i bet this is the last time any make a wish kids will be going to the ufc
we 're sorry but the title of your post is incorrect in some way .
your title must appear exactly like this h item s you have w item s wanted
some common mistakes users tend to make with titles include
having only w '' but not also h '' or vice versa you must have both in your title
please check to ensure that you did n't make one or more of these mistakes .
if you are selling more than 5 items you can instead use the store tag .
note that all relevant trade info still needs to be within the post without requiring the user to view an external site .
simply linking to a pricing spreadsheet site or a different trade site to sell your items is not sufficient by itself to meet the pricing rule .
you may also use the following tags for non-trade posts
pc asking for a price check on an item .
psa public service announcements of some value to the community .
raffle if you intend on doing a free raffle raffles with any sort of buy-in are prohibited however .
free giveaway if you are giving something away for free you can use either one of these tags .
discussion if you are asking the community to contribute and discuss something relevant to everybody .
please also take this time to examine our rules http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules for future reference .
if you intend to contact us about this action or any other ones please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety making sure to read through any relevant links and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means before contacting us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
why would you use the iso to do the update windows update exists for a reason .
i use the fishing hook with snare because i do n't have the neon scythe and the elegant scythe has tape on the handle and i do n't like that
and next time she 'll be waving from the stars ...
just an fyi the only one on that list that accepts tvs is south kent recycling waste center .
to be fair to joe the same thing happens if you read a newspaper or watch a news show .
why did you decide to play hard mode like that
let 's not forget amidst all the crazy that potus is also guilty of tax fraud https www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/plum-line/wp/2018/10/04/trump-may-be-guilty-of-massive-tax-fraud-dont-let-it-fall-down-the-memory-hole ? utm_term=.1cd47d991cea
what is your take on whether these incidents are good for the sport
one of the reasons the sport is nationally televised is because of the 1979 daytona 500 .
it is one of the reasons why i grew to like jeff gordon so much .
if you wronged him whether he was in the right or wrong he would confront you and not be afraid of the consequences .
arguably the last real nascar driver in my eyes who emodied what nascar drivers meant to me .
nah he rather confront fans more than he does drivers .
no he dumped johnson and that was that never got in his face .
nope just said you wrecked me to hamlin seemingly pissed off and never pushed the issue .
pretty sure you could dump him 3 races in a row and he would do nothing .
relic got smashed so hard by wunder this series he should just rename to fossil .
needing to be somewhere urgently and having wall after fucking wall of slow walkers in my way
ich arbeite zuhause einfach weil ich keinen bock habe zwischen wohnung uni und arbeit zu pendeln .
es ist toll und motivierend für mich gerade weil ich extrem schlecht darin bin in festgelegten zeiten zu arbeiten .
aber auch für mich sind einige sachen an home office nicht gut
man weiß nicht wie viel '' man arbeitet gerade für anfänger '' ist das schwierig .
sie wissen nicht wie viel die anderen mitarbeiter in der zeit schaffen und haben ggf .
die befürchtung zu wenig zu arbeiten und machen dann unangerechnete !
andersherum kann es auch sein dass man zu wenig '' macht und durch die fehlende kommunikation das erst bemerkt wenn man kurz vor der kündigung steht .
ist man im büro hat man ein besseres gefühl dafür und kann ganz selbstbewusst zur stunde gehen .
he was working on a website that openly facilitated the sale of illegal narcotics poisons weapons and counterfeit passports/ids .
a trip to the beach can be a very dangerous thing !
it took less than 12 hours for me i sent a driver 's license with pretty much everything blocked out and was restored even before i woke up the next day ... .
even when there 's no one on the road .
infinity just completely threw out any strategy after two inhibs were down .
you 're never going to get anywhere in life or learn much with such a black and white attitude like that a former engineer who still works in tech
i wouldnt say she needs nerfs but she needs a rework
this has happened to me about 6 times by now .
i went tonight and noise was not an issue .
there are so many less people in the theater as well .
everyone wants to shit on this but its awesome .
i can easily see how someone can believe in climate change but not believe that a carbon tax is going to fix it
they do not care if it works or not .
if they did then they would be quiet and see it in action before making a decision .
i mean its the least you can do to address the possibility of human race being extinct .
a popular belief is that the market will identify some sort of solution on it 's own through consumer demands as opposed to government intervention
government action towards fighting climate change has nothing to do with the market '' .
if conservatives really care about finding a solution they can use the money to fund research .
they dont even want to make one because it doesnt work for them politically .
19815 games 20 min per game maybe more because of waiting but what ever means in 3 years 180 hours per month .
if i can come up with a better way to say it i 'll get back to you on it .
if you really think about it it works that way too khabib is a champ ya ?
not my favourite moment but one of my most memorable viviani coming second at gent wevelgem and just being distraught and exhausted at the finish .
terpstra winning samyn and gilbert riding it with no gloves even though it was 15°c or something .
how can they still call it og if it has two new people ?
i stopped watching two years ago and i wo n't ever watch again .
no no it 's a '56 apache and not a '67 impala and the other sibling is a girl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i just hate cheap shots from people who would get wrecked otherwise .
one of the best moments in tv history right there .
some of the quads i 've worked with or heard about various guys with physical disabilities can be verbally or physically inappropriate but that 's to be expected .
getting treated as a freak by every woman you meet creates a lot of desperation and anger .
he is pretty good probably not worth the 400k but i only have him as an investment for potm otherwise will go back to son lm and put someone like lacazette or auba at st .
as for cpu i was thinking the i5 8400. for cpu cooler i am debating between the noctua u9s very popular and cryorig m9i way cheaper .
do i really need that noctua power for more ? ?
we are sending groups of bad guys like isis and warlords to topple him and also bombing him .
it 's wry greasiness toward syrians is what syrians day .
they do n't like assad but do n't want outside groups that will be just like him or worse to take over .
no one to help you out less opportunity to grow personality no greater purpose less chance of finding a romantic partner .
i was just a kid around 5-6 watching the middle schoolers .
kind of like how having regeneration powers makes you a magnet for horrific injuries ?
you know i usually agree with this but i recently came across an individual who ended up being one of the rare few people who is genuinely just surrounded by assholes and is n't one herself .
just remember we were all there once you are n't the first to be reduced to tears but a-hole nurses .
try to remember that when you 're the chief .
there was a lot of real shit that built up to this fight and it boiled over .
mcgregor disrespected his religion family and country and back where khabib is from they do n't take that shit lightly .
i do n't condone khabibs actions but i get it .
danis must have been talking shit after the fight and an adrenaline filled khabib launched at him .
mcgregor after seeing his team getting attacked tried to help understandable and punched one of khabibs coaches .
which started the brawl in the octagon as well .
like i said it 's the fight game and months of built up anger towards mcgregor was unleashed last night .
in this day you ca n't go with a when it happens '' attitude .
so many metoo people out there now too big of a risk .
if the panthers and falcons are n't playing the saints how would they make the saints record worse ?
most of the working heat is stored in the oven 's metallic insides and food not the air which has a terrible thermal capacity .
even if you renewed 100 of it it would climb back to cooking temperatures in no time .
edit it 's also the reason why short oven cooking sessions are so wasteful especially with traditional '' non ventilated ovens .
ya san mateo ca here 80-90ms average if connected to na
the last clue should have given you two facts .
the second is an inference about something that happened to this bridge .
combine the two and a google search should give the answer in the first few results .
i have https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.hecorat.screenrecorder.free https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.hecorat.screenrecorder.free
and works for me but others will say game tools method that is a bit complicated setting up .
lots of wrestler champions out there making the argument that it 's the best background to come from .
if we just got let 's say 2 in each leg and 2 on each arm would n't it help a lot better than say 1 in each arm with only the arm cells being the one having to work for the rest of the body ?
yes live in the country where there is no public transport and car insurance is astronomically overpriced
look around this site and see how often he 's called a rapist .
based on absolutely zero evidence outside of an accusation .
anyone know what 's going on with the woman wearing a cloth mask ?
i think marine has a point i always felt the expectations about him were a bit oversized .
sure his attitude was n't always the best but it does seem like he was made scapegoat for the whole club 's misdealings more then once .
i can see why he wanted a fresh start somewhere else .
that said i can see why the whole injury thing at the end left a sour taste in the fans ' mouths .
if you 're disabled its not your job to load bags .
even the biggest paxhole in the world knows that .
yeah people want real like wwe this was it .
so this is the difference of this rng on lan and online ... nice .
curl up on the sofa with ice cream and have a complete emotional breakdown ...
just fyi i helped take down r/incels and was pretty active in r/inceltears before it served its final purpose and it all went to shit .
my theory is that it 's possible it would n't have been a vote-down .
graham and collins are well-known for their bipartisanship and likely would have voted to confirm and i think there are plenty of other republicans who would have done so as well .
it was a gamble by mcconnell really knowing that unlike democrats his party takes the advise and consent aspect very seriously and that they do n't vote along party lines for justices .
no proving a negative is far more difficult than proving or even providing evidence of something that did happen .
that 's why the burden is justifiably on the accuser and not the accused .
things like the salem trials are examples of what a system looks like that flips the burden .
surprised to see so many of favor of that type of system
i spend my money that i earn on myself therefore trump is bad ?
cate i know you like eating onions but really ?
i can already imagine what he 'd be saying this is a liberal conspiracy on behalf of the clintons ! ''
we should shove it to people 's faces who think we always reduce everything to race and racism is over in our fandom
just echoing everyone else looks great smooth and colors are warm and inviting !
it looks like it would be enjoyable to control .
just to echo other feedback you might want to increase environment readability .
i think the culprit is inconsistent brightness value in layer depths .
to my eye the small darker tree in the background is far away but the foreground tree and ground are also dark .
it makes my brain fight to understand where things are in space .
apologies if i 'm just repeating something you know but a great way to test depth readability is to greyscale a screenshot of your game .
lem me guess you doubled your sales from 2 to 4 ?
go for sai first she very good and easy to get and you can go to c4 charlie next because he is easy to get and pretty good against moabs .
that 's until you fit a vni that can outperform the gila for 1/5 the cost .
you 're telling me that your 360 and 385 boots are comparable in strength which would have to mean that a secondary stat is weighted insanely high for your spec and the 385 boots probably do n't have any of it .
can you give the name of the gear pieces in question and your class ?
either way i 'd like to reinforce the fact that this is n't a common struggle the playerbase has because nobody obtained titanforged lfr gear .
yes and i want to know what the rotting corpse will smell like in the coming years .
i need to help ensure that my kids make informed decisions with college and beyond .
we bought a house in canada for starters so they have choices .
my skin only seems oily in fall and winter—is this a sign of dehydrated skin so i should add humectants or should i just get blotting papers and deal with it ?
i ca n't gauge how big it is needs a r/humanforscale or something .
was hoping mizzou would keep winning so it could be theirs
my friends call me zac but you can call me mr. calamity !
your post was automatically removed for being a mobile link .
you can typically do so by removing the '.m ' portion from your url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/todayilearned if you have any questions or concerns .
so i guess everyone that did the greensboro sit in in 1960 are a bunch of statist assholes that should 've just carried on with their lives right ?
white men got a free rein to be racist and rapist that 's all they ever cared about not the constitution .
for example posts about star wars ea disney or gaming in general will be removed .
just because you reference battlefront 2 in the title does not make this battlefront related in any way .
there 's a 4e adventure called last breaths of ashenport in dungeon 156 that you may want to check out .
it 's loosely based on shadows over innsmouth and has a cult of dagon worshippers .
i ca n't retain possession of my own hard earned cash if some halfwit cop decides that i 'm using it for illegal purposes but this filthy scumbag can go ahead and be supreme court justice with this going on ?
my boyfriend sometimes wakes up '' and talks in his sleep with me but has absolutely no recollection of what is said when he wakes up .
one was we 're on a train choo choo '' while he was laughing since we had ambient train sounds in the background .
my personal favorite is once when i got into bed later than him and he woke up .
i tell him hi and he says i 'm not gon na remember this in the morning '' while laughing .
he thinks it 's hilarious how his subconscious self is still witty .
i 've seen the future through p a t h s and knew they will remove it
if you can not afford to buy the entire thing right now do not buy it .
the resell value on it is going to be low and no people will not be clamoring to buy it .
any kind of tech that is used does not maintain its value nearly as well as something like a car .
i 'd say wait for the next gen. save up .
my therapist believes that i would be an awesome psych phd and tells me fairly frequently .
i 'm hoping that i can get well enough to do that .
she looks like a cheeky little thing to me so maybe betty ?
turf from away fields we win at and the list of the 32 victims from the 2007 shooting
it was unrealistic to expect it to happen anytime soon .
it sort of reminds me of a mine chamber diagram ?
might have to remember this for some of my game projects .
yeah simplify it so much that there is no complexity .
any idea on where i could watch a full replay of this game ?
while it is mixing you better be praying to your chosen chaos god or it will never turn out right .
oh yeah it 's more out of curiosity than a need for validation .
i asked my doctor about karyotype testing when he ordered the ct scan and he said he would put me in touch with a geneticist but i never heard back .
at this point i do n't really care what my chromosomes are i 'm just happy that i was able to start hrt with a bit of a head-start in terms of breast growth lmao
you 're being downvoted because this and every thread is being brigaded by the_dipshits
i 've read that any mu activity starts at 100mg .
if you 're taking the recommended daily dose you wo n't have this .
i think we need to take a serious look at using opioids for depression ptsd and possibly other illnesses .
there 's a reason individuals seek out these meds they work .
currently many of the most prescribed antidepressants are addictive and come with severe withdrawal symptoms .
we must get away from the stigma of this class of medications .
would you rather be addicted to and have to take a pill for the rest of your life or suffer and feel suicidal ?
many people wrap up their sense of self worth in their car choice probably because they are extensions of our personalities to some extent .
those folks to me at least generally make up the majority of the worst among us .
they see no ability for others to make a different or personal choice because that would at least in some small way force them to take a closer look at themselves and conduct a little introspection .
i love the cars i love for the reasons i do .
i do n't think those that disagree are stupid—necessarily .
i can not say that others feel the same way .
there is that and then there is just classic immaturity .
you get your fair share of that on this sub .
the result of that is some of the nastiness you see on this sub .
no people meant we would n't be successful what so ever unless price was playing a .930 and letting in 1 and a half goals a game .
except for banks who are notoriously bad at being up to date most of the world actually does n't .
this is why owning a motorcycle is one of the few joys in my life .
get the helmet on flip on some tunes and just ride singing my fool head off .
i once went to a pizza place near frederickstad norway and ordered their canadian pizza ''
it was actually not bad but no canadian has ever eaten that in their home country .
i ca n't speak to it 's efficacy but there 's also a surgical fat freezing program you can do that will supposedly get rid of your fat
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
someone once said it was an untapped treasure trove of memes .
yeah that 's a good breakdown of her and sasuke .
now i have n't read a page of boruto or watched an episode but i do know that she and sasuke do get married and have a daughter .
what is sakura like in the new series if you 've read/watched it .
nice really like the one in the bottom right cool presents ... .
tries to get cute when he does n't have to .
i mean changing his number to honor him that 's all i need to know .
he 's a good guy that plays for an opposing team .
nothing but respect for him and ca n't root for him to miss .
staring him down enough to call him for roughing but not enough to see he was held lol
or they can disappoint and keep underperforming all the other faang for the remainder of the year .
i would wait for it to start rallying again or you will be left here crying with the other bagholders catching knives on also ran momos .
well show him this picture and tell him it 's unacceptable .
you should n't be paying for that gfci you are n't using .
or it needs to be installed in your main panel so that whole box is protected .
how is this an acceptable outcome from higher learning ?
bleeding 2k a month for the first half of my working life ?
with the condition these pics show i think i would get more wood from a pic of a hi-point greased up in cosmoline .
they would need to add more induvidual soldier movement .
like seeking cover and include mixed weapons in the same unit .
other than that most of the assets needed for a 40k game already exist .
extra points for it not being the litany against fear
i heard that this movie was actually good but now i got ta watch it .
and i thought predator and the boltons were the kings of flaying
huh it says i 'm not eligible to earn coins from it even if i have a my nintendo account and have already earned 150 on that account .
i take it you paid via credit card follow up with your credit card provider and see if they have options for getting your money back .
i always advise people to try and deal local whenever possible sucks when you ca n't go and get face to face with the person your bought it from .
the down votes literally prove this dudes comment right .
however i really wish the nfl allowed alternate helmets because a matte green helmet just as a one-off would look bad ass .
when you go off after the 50 second mark try not to cut off too much of the low-end on the vocals it feels like you 're flying beside the beat when you 'd be more comfortable within it .
your voice sounds a much much closer to lupe fiasco 's than frank ocean 's and i know that 's not something you can change but i 'd honestly say go as far as to say you should sing more and rap a little less no disrespect it 'd just make stand out from everyone else
i have a beat for you if you 're interested .
how did bite force get all the way out there though ?
i think the s was because it does n't seem like a nice picture given the random shopping carts littering the otherwise potentially nice park
i believe that 's because the challenges are built to force you to play ops/game modes you play the least amount .
if you hate the gsg9 you 'll get more gsg9 challenges etc .
it 's not a flashlight sorry forgot to mention that when i unscrew it it is hollow on the inside
i love the idea of a gorgeous green like that but i think that would be too much color for us and i do n't think it fits this house .
i definitely thought about a pretty sage green though .
plus side is you 'll hit specialist at 19 .
honestly it depends on how much it matters to you to get basic done this summer .
for example it worked out really well for me to get basic done go back for sto ii for 7 weeks after senior year and jump into college but if you do n't have anything going on after high school then i 'd just get it done after high school .
i had a fair bit of exposure to cannabis using young males in my working day 's .
i am not a scientist but i can tell you they are unmotivated in the morning and generally unreliable .
andersen playing like it 's 3rd period of a game 7 .
in that fear the walking dead online miniseries the hero got a knitting needle from an old lady and used it to put down a guy who had turned in the airplane bathroom ! !
the white house was allowed to dictate what the background check would look into .
it 's technically background check for the wh so if they only want certain stuff looked into they can do that .
if they do n't want to share the results they do n't have to .
it should n't be a background check for the wh .
it 's a background check for the country and should be unimpeded .
lindholm is like that annoying guy in nhl 19 that always calls for the pass
how about a quick breakdown of radical islam vs radical pro life ?
did anyone else struggle to figure out where this went cuddly ? ? ?
it 's a niche movie but it has a happy ending and is entertaining the whole way through but i 'm a cheerleader .
it 's about a 'program ' to teach kids not to be gay but it 's mostly satirical/farce and is very heartfelt .
the soundtrack is subtle but hilarious and the set is really daring with colour .
i know not everyone 's comfortable with lgbt sex stuff but this movie is pretty tasteful in that regard .
there 's crude humour but it 's not uncomfortable visually .
before the time when kiana jump down to the moonlight throne download cg
do vremena je ja svaki put kad dođem na more toliko jebeno postanem lijen i ne motiviran za išta neda mi se ni jesti nemogu si ni zamisliti živiti tamo cijelo vrijeme vjerojatno ništa u životu nebi postigao
you can do it for short moments and distances but once they are n't kittens anymore there is no real reason to .
this guy 's holding the cat by the scruff of the neck while jumping on a trampoline .
that 's definitely neither safe nor okay or even remotely ethical .
if you press tab a few times on the map each location will have a historical description of the locations in the tooltip .
it 's not the database but it 's something .
only caveat i 'd add would be have it only effect soft armours as really if a hard plate isnt penetrated you wo n't feel any real significant effects of blunt trauma the only real exceptions being slugs and .338 but the chance of a .338 not penetrating a hard plate are very low and even if they dont they wo n't kill you just wind you or at best break a rib .
do n't worry if you missed it redline 's glider from s5 is basically the same thing except the tail lights are on the wings instead of the back of the glider .
i just hope that you are right and i find that secret reserve of strength somewhere at some point in the very near future .
ha un'implementazione anche per postgresql dato che hai detto di usare quello in locale .
ci sono anche facilitazioni per certificazioni con let 's encrypt .
in theory the second one can be implemented with modern web technologies but it 's not yet .
took me ages to see it but once i did i ca n't unsee it .
i could n't make out everything he said but i think he mentioned struggling on left hand corners right ?
i have a deep admiration for her and her playing .
i show her playing to students and it 's always motivating .
if you think rey is any more of a mary sue than luke or anakin you 're just biased lmao
i get your frustration however i dont believe you can compare their openess and previous mistakes to such a situation which you describe .
i agree that they have n't done well for themselves in the past but at least it seems that they are going to try and turn it around by being open and not over promise
god dammit inoue at least let these guys out of round 1 .
no i 'm pretty sure they are doing it with nicotine the kid got some amount of suspension and a 500 dollar fine
do n't miss out on any future cryopod parts !
click here https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=cryopodbot subject=subscribe message=subscribe to subscribe to the story !
click here https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=cryopodbot subject=unsubscribe message=unsubscribe to unsubscribe !
if you want to donate to klokinator all donation options are on the subreddit sidebar .
this part consisted of 27495 characters 4582 words and 1008 unique words !
the combined total of the current parts equal 2368242 characters and 394706 words !
yeah it is plus no one hangs out with me cause u ca n't break the rules when ur under constant supervision so that do n't help with me being in the right mindset to focus on work
thank you for making me crazy hard at work right now
absolutely correct it 's best to separate the two someone who 's good at the sport just has move clout or following and it is how they use that influence outside the ring that matters most .
i noticed that if you read this thread using 'old.reddit.com ' the links work but if you use the new design eg 'www.reddit.com ' or 'reddit.com ' the links are broken .
when i started not giving it out for free my bottom escapes improved drastically also keep the head glued to the mat and not giving the crossface
having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels .
one caution once you start advertising that you take used stuff you 'll likely start getting all kinds of calls .
be very clear internally esp with anyone who might pick up the phone about what you will and will not accept .
understand how much time it will take and that it will pull people away from their normal tasks .
understand the risks bedbugs stuff in such bad shape no matter what the donor told you that you put it right in the dumpster etc .
if you only want books and magazines make sure everyone 's on the same page saying no to everything else because well-meaning people will get you on the phone and try to convince you their gorgeous hutch will change your life .
you can say no it takes a lot of time space and energy to accept donations when you 're not the goodwill or salarmy .
lol was it the i hate being that guy who announces his libertarian leanings but fuck i need to in order to establish the origins of my point of view '' sarcasm off the bat or just generally identifying with being so frustrated and bewildered that you do n't give a fuck about run on sentences ?
i 've always been one to attempt finding common ground with people who disagree but in 2018 i 've found the success rate to be near zero from having to deal with ridiculous logic flaws when people take this popular sarcastic direction in a discussion .
you literally ca n't even get to the substance because you have to point out the absurdity of the argument and people freak the fuck out before you can even get down to any issue .
if you 've ever been accused of mansplaining for settling on terms and definitions you 've felt the realness of this fuckshit .
fml micki is still on the pitch and iwobi is off
i 've gotten to the slayer of the sands .
this mode is really hard but not actually that hard you just need to be really careful about every action you do .
i 'd assume the free agency paperwork would have to be signed by the player but i do n't know .
it sounds like i 'll be fine without those atleast for now .
can the ai use them if i do n't have the dlc ?
any game where inviting players to important tournaments is based on how many subs they have on twitch and youtube has nothing to do with esports .
as long as there is no ranked or qualifier or some other method to ensure that players in pro scene are actually best players in the game no one will take it seriously no matter how big the prize pool is .
the level of hostility toward each party is rising to the point of openly splitting the country .
violence has begun and is coaxed externally both have been steadily rising for years .
rush thinks dems want war his listeners are getting prepared .
rural counties feel isolated and ignored the 've lost manufacturing jobs to automation and are too old to re-train for programming jobs that are available .
it 's one economy industrial transforming into another information economy .
you can blame the immigrant like other generations hated the irish italian german for their woes or take a hard look at oneself .
i guess the narrower the filter the more contrasty it gets .
i cant imagine how much better a 3nm one is .
charge your phone my dude otherwise you 're gon na get an unresponsive glass slab and that is just not good enough .
not gon na lie part of me wishes it was rlc instead .
unfortunate for him how he 'd have walked into our midfield last season but this season the competition for places is so great .
burned my 6 waiver priority to snatch him up ended up getting him .
current wrs are thielan marvin jones jr boyd cincy lockett allison and cobb i know wr heavy on the bench .
if he does n't want a magic weapon fine .
but it 's on him to figure out how to deal with a world where immune to non-magic weapons is a thing .
btw i believe that the pop songs are the only ones that are played playback in the movie
i know it means nothing but still happy to see t2 get an int .
because that was n't the goal of the dictatorship and it only made the problem worse .
and anyways it was a joke do n't read into it too much😂 .
did dj get no carries on the last drive ?
try going onto your mac 's system preferences and clicking on the 'sharing ' folder .
right below the computer name should say something like adam-macbook-pro.local
try using this instead of the ip address because this will never change regardless of where you are .
sorry i tested your theory and it does n't work .
i 've been referring to it as a form of stockholm syndrome .
and i 'm looking for a guide to curing it as the antidote .
how are the victims of stockholm syndrome systematically deprogrammed for example ?
r/kniferaffle/comments/9m0j5o/bm_5561701_2710 you are being tagged because you replied to this comment .
i do n't understand why people think it 's a pain to turn on/off .
i have the app on my phone i click on the little moon on the notification that 's in my notification panel and it turns on or vice versa .
if that 's a pain '' then you need help .
every woman is different there is no one sure fire way to make sure she enjoys what you 're doing .
with that being said the important thing is to pay attention to her body language and hopefully she 'll also communicate with you about what she does or does n't like .
some like it slow some fast some want you to suck their clit some do n't .
hook your finger to the left or the right .
put extra pressure on their g spot lighten up .
switch up what you 're doing until you find what makes them tick .
this comment or post has been removed as it contains graceless generalizations based on gender or speaking for others of a gender .
if you have any questions about this moderation action please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen
i do n't care what ford 's husband and inlaws have to say about a rape that happened 20 years before they met
the only people who have corroborated anything g about her testimony
nah rising health care costs just means my total compensation is going up .
your submission post malone 's new hairstyle has people talking was automatically removed because mightyviral.com is not on our approved source whitelist https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source .
be notable as defined by our domain notability guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
notable domains will consist of news organizations research organizations political advocacy groups governmental agencies bodies and political parties .
contain articles videos or sound-clips relevant to current us politics
contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source .
be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey .
if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us .
however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account .
if you submit a spam domain via the form your account may be reported to the site administrators .
to submit a domain for approval use this form https goo.gl/forms/lrqika1ri0bvbkcl1 and follow the instructions provided
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
bring on more of the badass character fanart please it 's awesome
slightly heating a pan before cleaning it makes it also much easier if it has room temp/cold grease in/on it .
this could be said of nearly every product from nearly every company .
if this is a nod to that comment from a few months back then bravo .
r/kniferaffle/comments/9m0j5o/bm_5561701_2710 you are being tagged because you replied to this comment .
we still had duels in america over common insults into the very late 1800s in america .
actually technically we still do with gangs killing each other over online insults .
hell england went to war because argentina flew their colors over a tiny sparsely settled island in the atlantic .
iirc they barely killed anyone during thei initial invasion .
i use plasma with a gnome workflow and i accomplish this mostly with latte dock these days .
this was one of my first indie samples and i thought i 'd throw up when i first smelled it .
it was shockingly strong choking and nauseating and i avoided incense for the past year because of that .
nava has been pulling me back though their incenses are to die for !
so you 're saying drawing 50 or more lands in a 25 of all games is normal ?
34 of all mtg games are either mana flood or mana screw ?
no we do n't play with crazy house rules neither does fnm or the drafts i participate in about once a month .
and honestly it might not be the game it might just be my luck .
i 'd love for a bunch of people to record their games like i did and note when they draw 50 or more lands and 20 or less lands .
i 'd like to see what others get as their of games with mana issues .
it literally takes 5 seconds to type it up .
if you 're worried about getting all the accessories i would buy from stockx .
they 're really strict on their shoes coming with everything included .
the few new shoes i have gotten from goat have come with the accessories but i hear that they 're less strict on it .
it would probably be much easier once you realize he has the means motive and opportunity to actually kill you for doing so .
i 've seen other lefties try to point to epigenetics as proof that lysenko is right .
nah buddy let 's just take that l and just be happy that peter kropotkin was good at evolutionary biology .
cool cool i 've been on the receiving end of that brand of feminism too and it 's not pleasant !
i 'm expecting they will need to invest heavily to increase international production which will improve profits greatly once that ramps up
you can prove that to yourself by clicking your own username to go to your overview then logging out .
if you were shadowbanned it would go to reddit 's 404 page http www.reddit.com/user/healthyyi .
if you 're asking because something you posted is n't showing up in r subreddit new or in your overview when you log out click here http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_why_don.27t_my_submissions_show_up_on_the_new_page.3f to learn the procedure for dealing with the spam filter .
do not delete resubmit your posts as this will train the spam filter to continue doing this .
you may have to repeat the procedure until the spam filter learns that your posts are okay .
if this does n't help explain the trouble you 're having first check out reddit 's faq http www.reddit.com/r/help/wiki/faq or consider posting in r/help .
r/kniferaffle/comments/9m0j5o/bm_5561701_2710 you are being tagged because you replied to this comment .
if you are are ever in boston make your way over to the arboretum .
on the falcon as a freight pusher has this ever actually been canon ?
i only remember it appearing in the last few years .
does it actually come from any official source even design drawings or is it just someone 's speculation ?
volunteer costs nothing can be great fun sometimes leads to a job and at least shows you 're doing something with your time can also build new skills .
depending on what you do you could also write some articles/blogs via linkedin etc .
about your field to show what you know and to try networking .
that 's true but this is n't an exact figure it 's just giving an idea of what the community thinks of warding .
all of those are fallacies as youre trying to say there 's a false dichotomy between what you believe vs what you think other people believe but you are too naive to know the other sides actual beliefs and reasonings you 're exposing yourself as the ignoramus
or mexican dont be racist and leave them out .
i am a woman and definitely pro choice but i do n't think women 's legitimate survival is effected in the us .
not to say there are n't problems or that women should n't have easy access and rights to abortions and birth control .
but to say we are fighting for our lives is a bit of a jump and kind of minimizing the efforts and fights women from other countries are having to go through because their lives are on the line .
i understand but at this point its not one flavor i switch up between 6 different flavors even mod to salt nic devices .
i got 4 tanks for that reason alone and its been like a week how much longer do i wait ?
i honestly would not even feel bad for the person that one ups his stupidity and falls for that shit .
ships in the night be-bop deluxe https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bywhonf4diy
the album i robot by the alan parsons project https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kjbtoc3mfpk index=6 list=rdem0rsuwbcdujuhieaggsxk-g
red right hand nick cave and the bad seeds https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rrxepkps87k
the album here come the warm jets by brian eno https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v81btev0i8u
a little goes a long way the books https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1-onlyp6aeu
aka this is why we ca n't have nice things '' because other people ruined it for genuine folks .
i 'm not even joking this is a real last name .
what does it look like with a turtle surges ?
the point is that dominant narrative that will be reinforced over and over again is that brexit is 'anti-foreigner ' and 'to take back control ' to the british ruling class .
how does this advance the interests of the working class ?
also how does forcing improvishment on that same class help to get them into a position to organise and overthrow capitalism ?
if you can not show your workings and are seemingly waiting from some sort of 'awakening ' then you are a utopian socialist .
you seem to want to 'do ' things to them rather than go to where they are and try to lead them in your direction .
that is the very definition of a 'left wing communist ' .
throwing up barriers and letting fellow workers point the finger at other nationals is hardly conducive to helping them understand that they should all unite and work together unless of course you are happy to settle on 'socialism in one country ' and we know how that ended up !
maybe you 're supposed to assume the puzzle-solving is going on while they 're talking and they 're trying to distract themselves from the uncomfortable surroundings .
well they are worse but only stat wise not necessarily skill wise .
you can upgrade your 3 star to 4 star if you really like him and want to main him later .
one time this happened to my neighbor 's mailbox .
he rates highly on the scale of idiocy but we treat idiots all the time so we are pretty much used to it .
also when i worked in ed you never really knew what to believe when patients tried to explain their mechanism of injury like this guy telling his story you would just assume he ripped off a drug dealer and they did this to punish him .
in other words i would n't fully believe the idiocy without seeing the video evidence .
i 'm sorry to hear that it gets better .
i 've been trying to get belgium and chelsea players .
i assume those squads will require higher rated cards as well
something about the glowing effect of your work reminds me of a magic the gathering card i had as a kid .
i 'd have to find someone completely desperate for wins now and a rb that is likely to miss some time .
then i could ride out ap until my new player gets healthy and be set by playoffs
o remember hearing about how awful tipners were at school .
i did n't even know where tipton was but i was trained to despise them .
also i was given the impression that as soon as i went to secondary at the coseley school i 'd be expected to to take part in mass battles with people from rival tipton schools .
i finished mega man 1 in just a day and i replay it without any problems .
it 's been 2 weeks now and i 'm still stuck at mm3 .
and no the levels themselves were not good at all .
i got stuck on snake man for an entire week .
i feel like prongs would take away from how beautifully it 's cut
its about the musician jazz thelonious monk still one of my favorites .
convert to mp3 then import into garage band via the apple loops button then export as ringtone
this question is way too fucking dumb to be marked serious tbh
sally at the office is n't actually happy to see you and jim is n't surprised that you locked your keys in the car for the sixth time .
in this context how does a faked '' reaction change the entertainment value ?
definitely captures their youth and rawness of the moment in a way that predicts their capabilities .
i got god of war as a gift soon after i finished that audio book !
the current ranking system is not a measure of progress it is a ranking .
being able to isolate yourself for some of us is the dream but you need money or certain skills to manage it .
i understand it is n't the essence of the original question here but isolation is not always viewed as a bad thing by everyone no matter what drove them to crave it..
some folks just do n't get along well with others and like it that way .
total isolation a darkness of the soul ... that is different that is a sickness of the mind that robs life of its value .
this is what happens when you die to a no skin who has 5k games played with 8 wins and a 0.13kd
i 'm really interested in experimental frenzy in my storm decks as a way to chain off the top of my library with sensei 's divining top .
it 's annoying that i did n't see the real-ness of this card until it had already spiked in price but 4 is n't too bad !
those thin blue line flags make me laugh and puke in equal measure
all of what you said is completely irrelevant to networking .
to be blunt that all sounds like an excuse to not be social and more than a bit judgmental .
just because those high school kids do n't give a shit does n't mean they ca n't hook you up with someone who could get you a job or good recommendation .
same with those people taking cheaper classes or planning on using your school as a stepping stone .
you do n't have to be friends you just have to get acquainted and seem competent and easy to get along with .
just judging by how quickly you generalized all those groups and wrote them off and are unwilling to go through some bullshit social interactions you probably need to work on the latter .
it sounds like we are in the same shoes older students going to a community college that most students use to transfer to a bigger university .
the peeler has an adjustment so you can fine tune how much is taken
i feel like you 're only saying this because you do n't like warding .
if they were polling sailing you probably would n't ask them to poll it against other skills .
either way they should focus one skill at a time .
artisan and sailing already had their chances so do n't shoot down warding before it even has a chance just to repoll a failed skill .
tell him to finish painting it so it will look better !
it 's ok i 've gotten used to it for the most part .
i 'm extremely fortunate in that i do n't need a job so if i stay up too late the night before i can nap before he gets home .
i 'd never used mods before and i got that one working successfully in less than half an hour .
if you 're using controllers it 'll actually light up and show what player that controller is on the computer so it 's easy to know who is in the player one game and who is the player two game .
when you install the mod it makes custom .exes like the smapi thing does .
so you just open the game using two of those shortcuts they 're named to say what kind of controls you 're using i think .
you 'll also need the window resize mod so you can put the windows side by side .
if you 're willing to make a little investment you might want to invest in a wide monitor or a dual monitor setup like most split screens it makes the game a little small to fit it all in the window because you have to zoom out .
if you read his twitter posts he 's had other issues injuries and surgical that have led to him having a high pain tolerance i have a similar issue and when this happens it can take you some time to notice pain .
this is how i get when i attempt to be mean to most people .
basically we need to make a fast growing tree that resists rotting that we can dry out and store indefinitely .
the sky blue contrasting the brilliant white puffs of clouds dotting the horizon .
idyllic other than the heat of the summer which in missouri tends to stretch itself further every year .
like any other my husband was working nights sleeping during the day and i was finishing my degree through the local community college .
this particular day i had decided to take my then 18 month old daughter to my mother-in-law 's so that i could go study at the school 's satellite building five minutes away from her home .
i dropped her off waved goodbye and was on my way .
i entered the library and cracked open the textbook and my notebook .
i had been there for roughly five minutes when i just began to get a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach .
i brushed it off and went back to the joyous world of pythagoras .
about this time very far away in the distance i hear the sound of sirens .
i 'm trying to tell myself i 'm just being paranoid .
grace is an only child and also my first .
i really need to study because math is not my strong suit and i need to pass this algebra test tomorrow .
i hurriedly pack up my things and walk/run to my car .
i can not explain the level of panic i have at this point more sirens and the smell of smoke filling the air .
i fly down the road and as i round the corner i begin to see a giant cloud of smoke just above the tree line directly over the mobile home park where i had just left my little girl .
so many things went through my mind her birth her first christmas her giggle her smile my mother-in-law who is absolutely the most wonderful person you will ever meet .
i get to the main road at the entrance to the park and fire trucks ambulances and police are everywhere .
tears streaming down my face heart pumping a million times per minute adrenaline rushing i throw my car in park leave it running doors open and run as fast as a chubby short girl can run .
there is a fire truck right in front of my mother-in-law 's trailer and ...
still terrifying because trailers burn very quickly and in this park they are very close together .
if one goes up it is a concern for all who live there .
the trailer directly across from hers burned to the ground that day and i have never hugged my child as tightly as i did in the front lawn at that moment .
sobbing and hugging and telling her how much i love her .
that was the most terrifying thing i have ever been through but i think it gave me the perspective as a parent to appreciate that i have her .
grace is now eighteen and will be headed to college soon herself .
left my daughter at mother-in-law 's and there was a fire across the street .
please read entire post before sending me a message .
my name is ashley i 'm a 25 year old lactating mom .
i 'm 5”1 ' 125lbs size 6 1/2 shoe breast size is 32dd depending on how engorged they are panty size s/m .
i 'm a switch but i prefer to be a domme/mistress .
i can be as sweet or as mean and nasty as you like .
i 'm a pretty vanilla sub but i love cum light choking toys spanking and hair pulling .
i enjoy video games fucking netflix anime anything cute/kawaii !
i have a vibrator that i can use in any service .
can make deal on sets of 20 or more .
includes pictures and videos but i will only show part of my face .
all packages include a detailed honest rating or harsh if you prefer what it does to my body and what i would do to it .
it 's 75 a day 125 for two days 175 for three days or 300 for 7 days !
each day includes a free 30 min video heavy kik session along with casual conversation and pictures !
i accept squarecash circle venmo amazon gc in order of preference .
if you make a payment please leave message blank !
by soliciting my services you are certifying that you are 18 .
any content made by me is mine and is to not be redistributed in any way .
i reserve the right to terminate any service without refund if you are being rude/pushy/threatening .
this seems like it would be a phenibut knockoff and not offer anything new .
if i may i grew up in deep evangelical religion and my dad was a pastor so i 've been bullied with those verses before .
i would n't say kjv is the least homophobic bible .
i wrote a fairly long email on the subject last week for a friend in a similar situation as you are .
she 's having trouble reconciling her faith with being a lesbian .
it 's long but if you 'd like it i 'm happy to send it to you as a reply to a pm .
if it would help in a future conversation or even for your own peace of mind let me know .
i have a bulldog laying at my feet right now that was born naturally .
i am not sure if you read my argument correctly but what i meant was that summoning kinda made people quit the game paired with other game changing updates the meta for pvm and most activities changed drastically and a lot of people thought it was the downfall of the old runescape .
i personally enjoyed almost all updates up until eoc .
i loved the game due to gower brothers having a strong vision and working hard to create the game world .
once gower brothers left jagex game slowly moved away from its roots and i quit .
current osrs team has a passion for the game and a vision just like gower brothers did .
therefore i am all up for new updates especially this new skill
so bradley cooper is getting nominated for best director for sure but will that honor cost him the chance at adding on a best actor nom ?
for me the determining factor is whether the piss was cgi or natural .
as someone with a sleep-sweater so they save the comforter from having to be washed so much .
i love the idea of duvets but looking at our mattress protector under our fitted sheet a duvet would get nasty fast and would be way more of a hassle then a top sheet and comforter that can both be washed more easily and more often .
if you look at the link americans have already won the last two booker prizes .
paul beatty in 2016 with the sellout and george saunders in 2017 with lincoln in the bardo .
so while peter carey may have reasons to be concerned this is something that has already happened .
lol thought this was r/asablackman for a second not saying this to discredit you tho i like this post
i think the scientists should fake a mass suicide amongst themselves to convince the world that we 're heading for certain doom
edit of course it 's a terrible plan to a rational person that 's why you 're down voting me but the idiots like me who out number you will believe it .
once he gets accustomed to the league i believe he 'll start to produce .
by saying this you completely rule out the possibility that someone other than mata or his mom played that account which is against logic .
to prove that it is mata playing that id by himself he need to provide the video that it is him playing it all the time should pressumption of innocence '' disappears .
besides account sharing '' pressumption of innocence '' still exists for further accusations .
remember what happend with buckaro banzai '' and that legal battle ?
before he ran for president it never occurred to me that people would take his nonsense seriously .
such a beautiful and lively city i really enjoyed it !
i do n't think about it often but people already assume i am the opposite gender i 'm a female with short hair .
this chick at home depot gave me her number a few years ago .
i know my dating prospects would be better as a man .
yeah i think they 'll do 3-1 before 3-4 maybe immediately before/after 3-3
your post was removed as it has been found to be in violation of this subreddit 's rule 2
purchases requests are required to be asked in r/headphoneadvice please read our community guide before seeking advice as you may find what you 're looking for there .
comparison posts will be allowed as per moderators discretion .
are you able to take her on your r3 or just the sv ?
have had my r3 for 6mo but have n't crossed the two up barrier yet .
edit it also stops people dusting for finger prints in the case where the pin is common to everyone using the door .
you have no control over athletes discussing politics so why get upset over it ?
this one is copied word for word from a forbes article https www.forbes.com/sites/gordonkelly/2018/10/07/apples-iphone-xs-max-a12-oled-display-price-cost-iphone-xr-release-date 7a2261a72be4 .
notice how they did n't even remove the dead hyperlinks or references to the writer 's article series .
they had ronaldo in addition to their already strong squad .
with few points gap on some point they can rest players in the league and focus on cl .
bayern does n't look convincing at all in any of their games spanish trio are also in terrible form .
barca might be the only one who can still be considered from them because they have messi .
city and liverpool probably had to focus on epl due to possibility of a very tight title race .
there are ways to stand up for yourself that do n't involve being racist .
people are calling you racist because you said something racist .
and accept that some people are n't going to forgive you or stop thinking you are racist .
i am not sure about specifically 'growth ' but you are onto something with it not being about failure anymore .
people latched onto that and forgot this is a show that only improves and changes .
even jackson has said that that used to be it and it has changed somewhat
i think you and i are both sick of every interview mentioning the it 's a show about failure from five years ago .
they are done having everything fall on its face all the time '' and i think the progression of the plot and characters these last few seasons shows that .
i want to make one that i can put up and take down quickly but ca n't find any information on them other than some pictures .
this is a bot created by u/quiet__noise https www.reddit.com/u/quiet__noise please message my master for any inqueries .
i could think of a couple other things i wish they would add before adding fingernail paint bro .
not true i 've never seen a shark hurled out on the ice during a san jose game .
how is it oc when the same image was used ?
op used an image from a previous post and made the title look like it 's their discovery .
that 's a scummy move stealing someone else 's content and claiming it 's their own
apple constantly and consistently fights for user privacy unlike every other damn internet company that has end user data sales as their business model .
they also continuously update their devices to prevent access by cracking boxes used by law enforcement .
they fight constantly in court with the fbi who wants apple to give them a backdoor into their product .
you also do n't ever have to use face id and if you close your eyes it does n't register .
oh man i thought the astronaut was actually part of the clock and not the wallpaper .
did you ask the store what those bottles were used for ?
how would you get the plants inside and arrange them ? ? ? ?
except now there the light-based undead so maybe it 's a good time ?
i feel like if they reduced hp and mp effectiveness by at least 25 people could still have powerful pets just not 90hp a halfsecond pets legend/divine makes this game way too easy .
wow they are actually part of a set and their hands fit together ?
guess i ca n't copy pasta pms so it 's gon na take me a while to retype the whole thing .
give a me a while to do it i 'll get it done eventually .
ah yes my favorite overwatch hero alien pick me up
my son is 7 and he 's been difficult also since last year 1st grade .
i am 100 sure he is addicted to electronic especially video games .
right now he does not want to study or read at all and keep nagging me to get him the new nintendo console .
i think it is a normal behavior but we just have to be mature patient but strict with them .
in my son 's case i think he is also jealous of his little sister .
i just have to keep remind him that we love him as much as we love his little sister but we treat him different because he 's a big boy now .
also i recommend to any parents to keep their kids away from electronics media .
if possible engage them with conversation as much as possible .
help their critical thinking and encourage them to write down what they feel .
with electronic media it seems they just passively respond to it and really fry their brain .
even with some educational apps my son and his friends ended up just trying to collect points and scores instead of learning the material intended in the game .
when i was in the 5th grade i went to the bathroom during class .
during that time however each class went get ready for gym class .
however i did n't know that we had moved around and i went back to the classroom i was in before .
that room however was the room the girls change in for gym .
i walked in and all my crushes and all the girls were changing some did n't wear bras yet .
i just froze and stood there until a teacher basically shoved me out .
takes enough of my brain power to look normal '' at the best of times never mind drunk .
i get enough of a social hangover when i go out without adding a physical hangover to it .
compare the average of polarity value of two metas or do n't compare them at all .
because this post has been tagged with no spoilers all life is strange spoilers in your comments must be hidden .
for a list of ways to hide spoilers see this wiki page r/lifeisstrange/wiki/spoilers
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lifeisstrange if you have any questions or concerns .
my only point is that probably will not happen .
in the meantime consumers will be paying for the increase in wage .
that will likely hurt people making a little more than minimum wage 20 to 25 hour because they will not get a raise .
people making 40 hour will be able to absorb the cost more easily .
the hourly rates listed above are purely relative examples .
both general factual questions as well as translations requests belong in the q a megathread .
2 runs through 5 innings in a playoff game ?
you 're laughing at people when you yourself is a absolute retard .
i thought this was a sub for happy aww”s not sad ones !
the lecturing/yelling at his grown children has gotten very old .
so as far as this conversation is concerned i am politically unaligned .
yeah well more like when girls go on a night out and see an old friend and gives them a kiss on the cheek .
i have never been happier to not have a choice avaliable to me .
this would break her quests and a few other things about her actually would n't really recommend it myself .
also you can offer to kill those two which sets off some red flags about you right away .
i 've ca n't find anything resembling that logo and although it 's blurry there do n't appear to be two ls in op 's picture .
one more thing you know about fish eye clarity l ?
pretty sure the word menspreading '' is a kremlin invention too .
as are a number of other hashtags '' people get upset about .
hello u/jeskiller25 your submission https www.reddit.com/r/forhonor/comments/9mi0ae in r/forhonor has been removed for the following reason s
rule 3 please follow the guidelines to self-promotion https www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion aka 10 rule .
those not following the 10 rule for example posting any linking to your own '' content website videos twitch etc .
without contributing to the subreddit with at least 10 constructive posts will be removed and a warning issued
if you have any questions or concerns regarding this removal please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fforhonor .
it 's normal to have to regularly look up coding syntax and not know how to do things like reading in files right away .
lots of programmers like to be fancy pants in situations where they do n't have to be .
for most applications not large-scale things like youtube like he mentioned speed is second to readability and sustainability .
reddit is a private company so there is no such concept of freeze peach here .
other than their ratchet belt you should n't run into any problems with their belts in any us fed .
it is so that people can monitor your behavior for abnormalities that indicate more serious brain damage .
they can not do this when you are asleep .
but if you are not actively being monitored there is no reason to force yourself to stay away .
also the inability to stay awake is also a sign of more severe brain trauma and so that is also something they look for .
as in other carriers do n't have it in store ?
because you can use it on any network just fine .
avg age for a girl was 21.5 or so from what i remember
edit google search says average age was 22 for girls .
i 've taken it many times and mine is pretty consistent .
however it was different when i was a lot younger not by a lot but that makes sense to me .
got ta agree with the other guy it seems like a ridiculous system but it literally says it right there on the screen hard to doubt that no ?
welp we all need a little crazy in our lifes
ok ... something that helps me is to set my mind thinking in that general direction and ideas will come up when i 'm doing something else like exercising or sleeping .
breakups are so hard but it 's better to be alone than in a non-monogamous relationship where you 're the only one who wants to be monagamous .
'what do you mean you have to perform all year round ?
'what do you mean you have to perform ? '
well sure but am i more concerned that they 've filed paperwork slower than necessary or am i more inclined to want them spending more time solving crimes and spaying the targets who make people 's lives a misery .
i 'm not absolving them but i 'm not out to admonish them either when we 're all clamouring for them to be out helping folks more .
there 's a second angle to this we should all be familiar with if folks are failing at paperwork very often it 's a result of the data collection being cumbersome to complete or provide ...
i 'd be surprised if that 's not at least partly the case here .
yeah the only thing that v.reddit does better is that it can have sound where as normal gifs ca n't
honestly france was the absolute worst for my cousin and me .
we got kicked out of a store because they thought i was moroccan .
i complained to their tourism board and they said they were taking action ... pero quien sabe..
that 's a pretty solid setup you got there .
with fortnite you should be getting way more than 60 fps might have vsync turned on which limits it to the refresh of your monitor .
as for monitor choice look for a 1440p 75hz monitor that 's at least 27 inches .
gsync not so important but if you have the money then why not .
i 'd say with the way things look to this point auburn has clearly looked the worst .
bought my house in 2007 for £150k neighbours sold theirs for £260 a year or two ago .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
yo i agree that donguri is dope af but there are other dmc players who also do mindblowing shit .
seriously look up sakaki chasertech delusionarykiller or turtle sensei .
that 's not even a comprehensive list but each of those dudes is just as deserving of your adulation .
afaik his channel is still the go-to '' for dmc4 tutorial content .
at least this time around they do n't replace the fragments like they did with merchant 's one back in the day.
i use tappedout to playtest/goldfish decks against eachother by opening 2 tabs side by side .
it helps if there are keyboard shortcuts for the playtester such as pressing b when hovering over a card to put it on the battlefield .
y for library shift y for bottom g for graveyard x for exile etcetera .
too bad the text snippets do n't stay visible long enough to read .
women who do n't want to take a stand and to me that 's fine in and of itself to each their own but where i get frustrated is when i get affected by where they have this belief that men should do all the decision making so they do n't have to and want to throw the rest of us under the bus just cuz we share a gender .
like just cmon own it as just your own choice .
just do n't lash out at the rest of us because of a personal preference .
i actually had a woman tell me to stop coding so she does n't have to feel the pressure to do more complicated things at her job .
and i know she would never say this to a guy .
she only felt it was ok to say to me cuz we simply share a gender .
there 's some reason to have department hqs in dc but there would be a lot of benefits to spreading the actual job functions of a lot of departments around the country .
just because your husband has sick fantasies does n't mean he 's going to do it to you .
everyone has their own kinks ... some vanilla some not so ... .
if you love him love him ... at least he was being honest with you .
most women do n't have that with their husband .
72 demons of hell are missing also where 's the pandemonium fortress
or you could do that labour yourself and google it .
i do n't have a masters degree yet so no .
plenty of psychologists are skeptical of iq tests being a test for general intelligence .
when i said it 's bullshit i 'm not saying it 's completely useless the g-factor as well .
i just mean that i do n't believe it should be the standard of measuring intelligence and fails to recognize other forms of intelligence .
i am aware of the minnesota twins study and have even seen nancy segal speak about it .
kind of strange how it seems like you 're the one who has no clue about who you 're speaking to
also ... you do n't need to try to belittle someone when you have a different opinion
mine is good but you guys are giving up too easily .
just got a last minute ticket from a family friend who ca n't go tonight .
i 've never been more excited in my life !
next to the yankee bullpen and right behind judge !
i ca n't even think of a cruiser without an external citadel .
dmitri donskoi kronshtadt and alaska are the only cruisers with multiple layers of armor on the broadside .
excluding german turtleback from the list here because it would just autobounce 15 '' shells anyways the only way you can citadel hipper and above is by sneaking a shell in underneath it .
not that the former two have issues being citadeled by british battleships though .
alaska does but that 's a product of her submarine citadel not her armor scheme defeating the short fuze .
but if its like a roman one its basically just a long knife
roman 's frequently used pilums https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pilum which were designed to be thrown stick into a shield and then bend to drag the shield down/prevent them from being picked up and used against them .
they used other types of spears https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category roman_spears as well but none that were what i 'd call a long knife .
maybe you 're thinking of a boar spear https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boar_spear ?
so to sum it up you believe that any time anyone is accused of anything it needs to be believed without evidence ?
if a citizen of vermont claims on the day before the election that sanders raped her 45 years ago and offers zero evidence he needs to be immediately disqualified ?
her saying he raped her does n't make it credible .
getting way ahead of myself but as a normally pessimistic rangers fan here is how i see things going
1 historically bad year where they are in last place by 10-15 points
2 lose horrifically in the draft lottery and drop out of the top 3
3 swing for the fences on the fourth overall pick.. and miss..
i wonder if the scorn were doing enough damage to taken blight domes to cause this .
i had a girlfriend that started doing them some time after we started having sex .
i do n't know for sure if it actually moves anything in the vagina but it sure did feel like something awesome was going on when she did them during sex .
this is why just voting in booths is n't enough .
we need to unify and hit corporations in the bottom line again and again starting on the holiest days of consumerism .
then we can either go violent resistance or go non-violent resistance .
notable captain s franky akainu v1 lucy judge l/a hody 6 v2 lucci 6 buggy bb 6 inthawk 6 zoro exp perona 6 croc inuarashi enel those are usually my captains
looking for at least lvl 500 pls have franky or robin up but looking for mostly active players
this is definitely the work of a couple of edgy teens .
would n't that be bad for someone recovering from an open heart surgery ?
totally not the entrance to a secret underground testing facility .
you get less spells than a wizard but you can use any of your spells whenever you want if you have enough slots .
basically if you have the spell and its components you can use it .
if you 're playing wild magic sorcerer do n't forget to use tides of chaos for the advantage and whatever you do always ask for that wild magic roll ! !
we 've seen it many times over the last 3 days https imgur.com/a/qx46bkw but this is the original post .
in fact we 've seen it so much that you 're being banned for 5 days because you ca n't read simple rules .
please read the sidebar and sort by top and new to check before posting next time .
why do you have 4 qbs if its only 1 qb .
he 100 hooked his facemask first which is why barkleys head got jerked
in order for it to be continuous the limit must approach 1 from every direction infinitely many .
try to find two different paths for which the limit is not equal by setting x as a constant or y as a constant .
if you keep getting the same answer it is likely that the limit will approach 1 and you can try a squeeze theorem or another approach to prove the limit is 1
at that price point and that usage i would go for the sony x900f .
with your given viewing distance the extra size would n't be totally something you 'll think about once you have the 75 '' .
unless gaming is a focal usage point the samsung is pretty hard to recommend going against the x900 .
fbi already checked into this and clears kavanaugh 's name .
name these 3rd parties that validated ford 's claim .
did the media made a big issue about obama 's drone strikes ?
the media is and will always be left leaning so it would favor obama 's actions while targeting every republican/conservative actions .
i mean i know travel is considered a luxury on this sub and this is nowhere near the sale level as washing and reusing tp or whatever but there is no shortage of folks who have tried to fly spirit and swear to never do it again .
you have to play by their rules backpack only take the random seat assignment etc .
but for a short trip it 's totally possible .
as a reward you can walk away with a 50 round trip flight to where the other guys united/american/delta wo n't go for 300 .
that alone can make the difference in you going on vacation and not going because it would be too damn expensive otherwise .
i do n't get the hate for venom the performances were pretty good the jokes were solid and the story was fun .
yeah the beginning was slow and the cgi could use work but overall it was a solid movie .
i used to work in gahanna and live nearby .
sorry commenting on reddit is hard but my point is that if griffin win lck then afreeca will have to face skt and gen.g for a spot at world and the reason that afreeca got to world is because kt win .
you literally copied the top comment in the original post..
everytime i see this it makes my blood boil .
these type of people are n't worth breath let alone your time and money .
personally i use zfs i 'd use mdadm if not zfs and you could easily run something like proxmox and have a ton of vms and lxc containers but if you do n't like linux then something like refs might be okay for you .
there 's nothing quite like perpetual bad calls to de-legitimize wins for teams .
you do know that more of sega 's games are playable on xbox than any other platform right ?
are you talking all time or just this generation because the latter seems pretty unbelievable even the former sounds questionable ?
i 'm guessing there 's something on the test concerning you ?
carr had 5 years to develop and he still does what his scouting report says .
anxiety scared cant play under pressure and he isnt the brightest tool in the shed low wonderlik .
i dont think he can read defenses and make smart decisions at the nfl level .
makes one read and checks down almost every throw .
nah i meant the lump of steel at the heel getting in the way of sharpening
no because op did n't specify us constitutional law .
note i do n't have a dog in this fight and do n't want to argue the point but figured i 'd answer .
for all i know very little tribe could be an expert on global constitutional law .
i thought it was a wet leaves r/moto joke at first .
the heroin dealer who robbed a store then tried to steal a cops gun .
i missed posting yesterday did my writing and a walk did n't read and i definitely had chocolate .
i 'm considering getting a pretty drastic haircut in the next month or so and i do n't know how to feel confident about it .
my hair is currently small of my back length and has n't been shorter than my collarbone in over a decade .
and i 'm considering getting it cut to roughly chin length .
it 's a bit of a silly thing to get worked up over hair does grow back after all but my long hair has been my biggest vanity since i was about 14 and i ca n't decide if giving that up is worth sating my desire for change .
chocolate i took two mini bars in my lunch to work since i was going for the whole day .
bq i prefer the variation of transitions mostly because that 's when it rains the most or so it seems to me .
yeah either that or an undeserved 2 or 3 because the person had one minor issue with the game .
i missed the check-ins this weekend due to work stuff followed by a trip back home but i did n't drink ... or even want to really too much on !
the consequence of this of course is that i 'm raring to go again for another busy week despite some relatively late nights for me these days on saturday and sunday !
this bug is long time ago but did n't fix .
i had started a dispatch quest that was a cp item level up quest on the night board .
i logged in and it seems to have disappeared .
it 's not longer visible on the night board .
has anyone else seemed to have lost this night board quest from last night ?
the one i 'm talking about had syr hestia misha and eina i believe..
despite the reputation it 's not as bad as people think .
large sections and cheap priced means it it an investors paradise .
plenty of houses ripe for renovation and i see lots of reno projects in the works .
steins gate 0 is so sad guys amadeus play gate of steiner by eri sasaki
they really could n't find oh idk a fucking 8x10 piece of printer paper ?
down-sampling in multiple steps is going to give an un-optimal result .
i think this part is probably true even if the rest of my theory is wrong though — i do n't see how changing the pitool setting would change steamvr 's render resolution without changing any steamvr supersampling settings except by reporting a higher-than-necessary display resolution to steamvr .
if that 's the case steamvr will deliver oversized eye frames and downsampling them again will be unavoidable .
i ended up swapping the pickup for a seymour duncan alnico it did improved the sound .
the ones that do n't race in super 2 or any other series usually just have a day job .
what is it that you prefer about the a6 of the s2 ?
having not handled them in person it seems like they could be hard to really differentiate from each other .
bundes '' can usually be translated to federal '' .
but it 's not always quite clear for example bundesstaat '' is used both to describe a state that is a federation and a member state of a federation .
so is it cool to tell intellectually disabled people that they 're fucking stupid ?
look at that one he ca n't even talk .
there are so many ingenious bits of design here and i intend to steal all of them .
ah well it was only a matter of time lmao
when she 's unfurled in her glorious void form she sort of has wings but those are made out of light or fire or shadow or something .
she does n't have physical wings in her corporeal form .
they want the scotus to be seen as a partisan institution so it wo n't be considered unfair of them to further politicize it .
thanks for all of your help if it were n't for people like you the right might actually lose a seat or two .
that 's really not as difficult as you 're making it out to be .
len lye is an internationally renowned artist who was ahead of his time .
we 're lucky to even have that sculpture in a public space .
they probably want to know how a shitty algorithm working on behalf of youtube can make a copywrite infringement claim on behalf of someone who has not initiated it ... more so ... how can it not know that it is striking a video of the client that it is acting on behalf of .
what worked very well for me is to keep thinking in the language and replenish your knowledge with the words you were missing to make it work in your mind .
watch tv and series in the language you want to learn with subtitles .
the girl is brooklyn chase https old.reddit.com/r/xvr/comments/9mdggn/brooklyn_chase_vr_porn_video_naughtyamerica if you are interested in knowing .
what kind of rail covers do you have on there ?
yeah that 's the difference between the marvel spinoffs and the dc spinoffs .
dc has incredibly popular characters on prime time television syndicated by a network and the shows look and feel like garbage despite constant visual effects .
nothing about them draws you in unless you like cheesy writing and mediocre acting .
marvel takes d list heroes from the backwater depths of comic memory put them on a subscription service only uses very few visual effects and yet manages to completely convince the viewer that their powers are real .
you believe he can smell you from 100 yard .
danny looks and acts like he could kill you with just complaining for 3 years straight .
you use it to write unit tests for your modules and integration tests for your workspaces environments .
kitchen-terraform uses inspec but last time i checked a few months ago it was missing lots of resources .
try and just learn basic game mechanics things like flag mechanics logi system rallies and fobs .
do n't take sl until you understand it from a squad members perspective as in playing the game you know what to expect the sl should be doing .
learn the team uniforms its way quicker than seeing if the blue nametag shows up .
squad is a game thats a lot about spotting enemies the more you move the less you will see and the more you will be seen .
hop cover to cover try and maximize the time you spend observing your surroundings but remember you ca n't spend hours getting to the objective .
squad is a slow game on the small scale but very fast on the team level .
learn to read the minimap there is a lot of information available on it once you are familiar with game mechanics .
just from things like positions of alive and dead friendlies on the map you can intuit a lot of information from the map .
this is why bisq does n't support payment methods that are easy to chargeback such as credit cards paypal and etc .
well i am starting to get old s 27 '' .
drawing seems to be something that i 'd need to get 1 hour of proper practice every day which is a lot of time .
you see it 's very easy for me to give up on stuff i fear that i wo n't be successful
you have a massive misunderstanding of the point of the internet .
the hr giving quests which are t2 like the snow and cherry blossom quest could be spammed .
it would be boring as fuck but its possible to do in a reletively reasonable time frame .
remember 1 run of the quest starts to do about 80 percent of an hr level up .
hmm that and the fact that he had to see all three of his children die might change my feelings from hatred to sympathy .
i mean she really does n't have a chance with fire making so she had nothing to lose by going for shane .
sucks but would n't have been able to play it either way because of the update '
yeah it basically just ended up being a 15 yard gain on that drive .
ok a bit of background might help you understand why you blank .
for some reason just knowing what 's going on helps to fix it .
when people get anxious they go into fight or flight mode .
part of that response is diverting blood away from the rational part of your brain the thinking part .
unfortunately that 's also the part that comes up with what to say and how to say it leaving you blanking out .
say bye thanks for meeting up/talking/chatting '' next time you have to say goodbye .
look them in the eye as you 're saying it .
the trick is here to let the other person do the talking .
as a backup have a list of 5 question saved in your phone .
when you 're blanking during small talk just excuse yourself go to the bathroom and check your list .
what does an average day look like for you ?
what do you know enough about to teach to somebody ?
this is coming from some watching this shitshow from the other side of the world !
however and this may shock some but plants do n't produce the majority of oxygen and sink of co2 .
that distinction belongs to photosynthetic bacteria and the majority of oxygen is made in the oceans and seas .
there are even bacteria that produce oxygen and eat carbon without light .
and as a side benefit they can also be used to generate bio fuels .
if it were me i would try and enhance the bacteria it would be easier and more effective in my opinion but maybe i am bias as i am a microbiologist .
hot damn if that ai n't a double barreled bang !
i still consider smeb the best toplaner in the world and so do many analysts .
in the top 5 toplaners from espn smeb was also number 1 .
but he has a tendency to choke in important matches .
in the finals against rng he definitely did n't impress me .
i can see a point for a lower placement for betty and an inclusion for jackeylove .
another reason why i did n't put him in was that adc already had 5 participants in my list the most out of any position
yeah but market changes you now so yeah you have to stay updated
this would be useless in public games and overpowered for pros in pro games/scrims for late game plays
make sure to stock up on lube for your first ebay fucking
ironically its precisely because of our carbon emissions we 'll soon be able to reduce the environmental impact of shipping to the other side of the world .
thanks to global warming we 'll be able to half the journey time to japan in the next 5-10 years because of the receding sea ice in the arctic ocean opening up shorter shipping routes .
mir ging es darum dass es in den beiden fällen vor allem auch wegen des drucks und der ermittlungen der eu-institutionen voran ging und natürlich wegen der internationalen zusammenarbeit europäischer polizeibehörden .
wobei eher in der slowakei wo polizei und staatsanwaltschaft offenbar unabhängig ermitteln konnten .
yep pretty big flaw in logic as you mentioned .
an event happened just mean its p ! 0 not p 1 .
he was not even the one who called it .
there 's a restaurant that always has bear burgers on its menu
all of these theories being posted serve only to cause confusion .
i 've got the same problem with my lenovo explorer i 've even got it by its self in a powered usb hub and the screens still go black after a short period of time 95 of the time i got to use it .
even people with unlocked s8/s9 for instance do n't get volte on at t without switching rom 's .
seems to be a common issue with most unlocked phones .
you may need to normally be on an at t rom for those features to work on at t .
got lots of slots so i 'm accepting any and all requests 3
i would save for madden or see what comes up with most feared .
on a group of relatively cheap players which is the problem .
nice when it works but we 've needed proven instantly effective players for a while now .
i do n't know how you can stand to see close ups of their faces especially when they 're talking dirty or talking at all .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3anyc 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3anyc 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
be sure to check the comments in all previous posts for any warning signs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't need any of that in order to deal with climate change .
the eu has just 3/8 of the emissions of the us and living quality here is perfectly fine .
i mean we 're certainly not doing perfect but it shows that massive improvements can be made without sacrificing quality of life .
in addition the tools needed to do this is are little more complex than subsidy tariffs or taxation and pollution regulation .
none of those constitute any new power for the governement .
they 're just old powers directed to more usefull purposes .
i have no time to do two things at the same time unfortunately
eh the exile clause probably is n't okay because of memory issues .
ideally you 'd want some sort of counter or something to represent its jump-started state i think although that 's more complexity .
or maybe you can just replace the second ability with discard a card exile from your graveyard target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains jump-start until end of turn. this may make it stronger or weaker depending but.. also simpler .
ah yes the difference between a bmw and a porcupine .
no idea who thought that was a good idea !
i 've only met her once and we do n't live in the same country so it 's a bit hard to check with her .
i might write the wedding planner to double check .
i can get a fresh company to buy calls on !
they will have a nice jump the first two weeks of trading on the nyse
your submission contains a common typo or spelling error and has been automatically removed .
you may proofread your submission and attempt to post it again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's always nice to see builders recognizing the importance of notifying others to caution do n't put
sometimes a smoke after is the only course of action takes the edge off .
if your family criticizing it makes you enjoy it less then dont be afraid to keep it to yourself .
there is nothing wrong with having something that you dont share .
i have gone back and forth with my interest in korean things .
i open up and get sad when others dont care or look down on it .
i have decided to keep it to myself unless asked .
trump routinely uses his realdonaldtrump account that he had long before he became president .
i think the movement is correct in principle but it 's at risk of going very wrong very quickly .
the problem is the movement does n't have a message for false accusations and following the rule of law .
it simply says the victims need to be listened to and believed and the accused hate mongered .
a movement based around justice needs to be about supporting victims but also using legal options to ensure that justice is served .
good intentions do n't change bad acts and if you create a culture where we can accuse anyone of a horrid crime without evidence you 're making society worse not better .
i 'm struggling with that too ... i just have to drink after work most nights i work 14 hour days at the moment with a 7 hour turnaround after commute so i 've been drinking every night just to sleep ...
the detrimental effects wasnt felt right away but slowly creeped into the game .
after a few months i started to notice i simply didnt enjoy 5mans anymore due to the automatic rubber-stamp machinized nature of group finder .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a platform tag and/or version tag in the title .
we require that you include ios or android as well as your app version number in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditmobile if you have any questions or concerns .
outdoor setting with a view of the river big ass comfy couch good beer a few tvs with hockey football and basketball on .
in germany there is no such thing as an elite league of unis and private unis are even frowned upon because most see it as you not being able to succeed based on talent instead of money .
i was playing black ops 2 again on pc and hoooly fuck is the tme to kill bullshit . ''
unfortunately internet arguments fall down on the to-do list .
i thought the chemistry between cooper and germanotta carried this film .
each of the leads held my attention but it was their characters ' romance that truly made me invested in the film .
the ending was indeed tragic because of the nature of the leads ' relationship .
jackson and ally were not just a couple off-stage but on it as well .
honestly seeing ally sell out '' was not surprising in the least .
she works for the music business which would exploit an artist to the most profitable market .
instead the most unexpected aspect was how jackson 's alcoholism and drug addiction nearly brought down both of them .
stefani has acted before yes but cooper may have given her a path to the best actress category of several awards .
what gave this movie the extra pizzazz is the talent behind the supporting characters and cameos .
when was the last time you saw eddie griffin on the big screen ?
also the nods to lady gaga 's origin was a delight to see as well .
overall this movie is a well directed somber story about romance in the music industry and making difficult choices for loved ones .
i ca n't disagree with the eye catching quality of these skates.just wanted to paint them a little to make them less 'uniformly pink '
edit maybe i 'll just put a good quality sticker on them instead painting seems to be not worth all the effort
the ezio collection was my first opportunity to platinum brotherhood .
well check your municipality 's 'apv ' algemene plaatselijke verordering for details .
people trying to be smart when they ca n't even read a single sentence .
also tell me your favorite non-smash video game series .
the moment the patch went live i snatched 3 names priests .
so i have to order some sh\*ty processor just to make a bios update ?
i love playing with armor units i just hate it when they are n't actually armored at all .
at least henry had the shield and jakob had the huge shackles ... what do these guys have ?
using it as a primer is totally fine no need to prime something else first .
this is just bs gw telling us to spend more paint .
how the hell are they gon na get outta there ?
he 's making an assumption that ben might be invoking a stereotype meant to describe black people .
and he 's decided that he 's probably correct .
it 's confirmed as an import only a common though .
so what its videogame not actual warfare id love to mow down us forces with mg34 in cu chi the game needs new guns imo
my 3 bed terrace house was £100k and is in an area which on paper is perfect for most people but it 's purely snobbery that 's stops people buying here .
i know plenty of people my age 25-30 who refuse to buy here because they think it 's below them so instead rent smaller houses in worse areas for more money .
supposed to be old.fm but it plays mostly modern 2017-18 songs wtf ?
i picked up my code from game in the uk yesterday but did n't see any other posts talking about the eu release .
distribution is open until november 15th which just so happens to be the day before lets go pikachu/eevee are released . ''
for me most of the healers are either merges 5★ sakura 4★ priscilla 4★ clarine or get sent home .
not sure but i think wrys is the only one with decent fodder at 4★ .
honestly i 'd be worried if someone i would be with did n't look at porn .
it is n't to hurt you or them wanting you to be like those girls .
he might not know what it is but it definitely is n't a tick .
as for your slap fight i do n't want to get involved .
is she also the cause for greyscale you utter and absolute dimwit ?
if you are watching the show and you think this then you 're stupid and not worth the time i 'm taking to respond to you .
missandei said that everyone who follows her follows her because they 're loyal to her to fucktard .
if they have any affinity to jon it 's because he saved them ... you know the same way that dany saved the unsullied .
in the books both slaves former slaves and the religious people of r'hollor love daenerys .
she did n't gain allies out of selfish reasons .
she 's singlehandedly carrying house targaryen on her back that fucking house .
jon had ned mormont stannis mance and aemon to guide him .
she had to figure out most of this for herself .
jon that is supposedly humble thinks that he should rule winterfell .
the same jon was named king because he 's ned 's son .
this is so stupid that i ca n't believe im even responding .
fuck jon stans are even more stupid than i thought .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
if you feel this was removed in error or are unsure about why this was removed then please modmail us .
post-it maybe if you put more edges and make it round-ish it would look better .
keyboard this falls on personal taste basket get rid of palm support .
not an expert on low poly gear but people tends to make all flat-shaded .
id love to see some flat colors here and there .
the gop are pure evil and people like you who think there 's some magical trampoline in the depths of hell that they 'll hit and bounce back to being good and decent enable them .
the gop has n't been anything but pure evil for 150 years .
imagine this timeline he beats someone from top 5 and gets to fight with conor .
and then specifically related to the quantum immortality theory .
cern destroyes the whole planet every minute by chance of creating strangelets/black holes so we slip into an alternate reality all the time .
rather than dragging it out with denials and defamation lawsuits .
these never really look amazing but they always taste pretty good imo .
full hp recovery after every kill after finishing her squad story and all of her potentials are positive ignore the negative names .
sorry if this kind of stuff is n't allowed to be posted i 'm just excited at having a cast member acknowledge my comment and did n't know where else to show it .
i posted this right after the game http www.reddit.com/r/redsox/comments/9mlpmj/severe_weather_warning_in_the_bronx/e7fkylc but i 'm trying to think of a more specific one for his cycle .
death is the one thing that connects all living creatures .
we came from nothing and we return to nothing it 's as beautifully poetic as it is scary .
my family is about to murder me to the beat of danny 's drum because of how exhaustively i 've been playing them since last july .
extreme cynicism is the same as extreme gullibility because once you can get people to disbelieve anything you can get them to believe anything even when that ‘anything ' is constantly in flux .
i would take this for sure you 'll be fine with saquon and melvin alone not to mention how involved mark ingram was tonight .
howard still has some potential to remain relevant and cooks should be a solid addition to your receiving core .
i 'm a huge fangirl for him anyway but he 's sooo good in 1408 .
i 'm quitting but i 'm giving my self till end of december .
end of month i 'm going from 6 to 3 and ideally end of november be at 0 .
i 'll probably still vape 0 past dec but i 'm hoping 60 to 120 ml of 0 will suffice for a month .
i 've thought about mixing 0 and 3 but i dunno if i will
did u see last season 's black mirror episode with him ?
maybe even number 1. i liked the christmas episode with jon hamm and the star trek like one last season with christina millioti and jesse plemons .
getting top surgery to get rid of my boobs which will ultimately make me feel more comfortable in my body .
how many times did you see him crash a plane ?
i 'd rather give starts to both touki and soroka than keuchel .
keuchel does n't have ace stuff imo he 's just as likely to give you a 3.0 era season as he is to give you a 4.0 era season .
the enemy of my enemy is my friend i guess
what i describe does exist its been done for as long as i can remember .
you also overcomplicate it you 'd just need a group of 63 people and a decent bit of time like its always been done .
i feel like the evidence we see here of guys going for years without negative side effects should be enough to tell you that what you read probably is n't true .
now it 's obviously something that would be worrisome but i think you can feel confident that you 'll be okay .
im sure you 'll get enough erections naturally during the day that will keep your pecker peckish .
i know i get many erections throughout the week that are pretty spontaneous but i ignore them .
the guy who openly advocates for the ethnic cleansing of palestine and israel https townhall.com/columnists/benshapiro/2003/08/27/transfer-is-not-a-dirty-word-n976781 forcibly expelling all inhabitants of arab descent purely on the basis of their race regardless of citizenship religion or political affiliation .
arabs like to bomb crap and live in open sewage .
i 'm actually so happy to see someone else have a random animal even thought it has nothing to do with the theme !
we are going to have alpacas at our cocktail hour and idgaf that it has nothing to do with anything else !
guess i got too greedy for the karma trying to be a dick lol and for real that 's some bs they just rubbing it in your face after you order smh
pull out the seller 's disclosure form from your closing documents .
look at item 6 the first item and see what the seller disclosed .
room additions structural modifications or other alterations or repairs made without necessary permits or not in compliance with building codes in effect at that time .
if they pulled permits did the work and did n't get an inspection this should be a problem .
if they answered yes and you did n't follow up with questions you may have some problems in terms of your due diligence .
you are probably going to need to see a real estate attorney .
it 's amazing the amount of people who think you got ta scramble to be good .
is it known how situational stat buffs from abilities/wyrmprints such as the full hp more strength/healing interact with friend supports ?
namely i 'm wondering if the wyrmprints/abilities on a support will still kick in if your controlled character meets their criteria if they do n't work at all or if your support is just always considered to be meeting the conditions for triggering them .
it 's not your job to kick em out either well here we are .
next time tell them to talk to a coach .
i 'm hoping it 's that he accidentally went too far one time really not keen for batman on a killing spree
xiv at least got a big 'everyone but haurchefant gets relevant ' event .
xv is still kinda confused and lacking in characters while vii still has four dive-less characters .
first of all i do n't see where all of the animosity is coming from .
i disclaimed that i am still learning about hpv and by no means meant to correct '' anyone .
i said it was a friendly comment as well based on my research thus far .
as a place for discussion can i not make a point to proc a discussion ?
this is hardly the place to become aggressive we 're all here looking for help .
i even said if i am incorrect then correct me but suggesting i did n't read studies or was lazy '' is less constructive as me giving off incorrect information in an attempt to help .
this is why i said correct me if i am wrong and i am still learning .
asides from that here are my resources as to why i feel like hpv should still be carefully considered even after clearance
if you or your partner have genital warts you should avoid having sex until the warts are gone or removed .
however it is not known how long a person is able to spread hpv after warts are gone .
since hpv usually causes no symptoms most men and women can get hpv—
people can have hpv even if years have passed since they had sex .
it is important that sex partners discuss their health and risk for stis .
however it is not clear if there is any health benefit to informing future sex partners about a past diagnosis of genital warts because it is not known how long a person remains contagious after warts are gone
a person can have hpv for many years before it is found or causes health problems .
the period of communicability is still unknown but probably at least as long as visible lesions persist .
hpv may still be transmitted even after lesions are treated and no longer visible or present .
treatment of warts or cervical cellular abnormalities may reduce but likely does not
treatment for genital warts can reduce hpv infection but whether treatment results
in a reduction in risk for transmission of hpv to sex partners is unclear .
transmission ... can occur from asymptomatic and subclinically infected patients
it is unclear whether hpv infection that becomes nondetectable at mucosal
surfaces has completely cleared or remains latent in basal cells with potential for
hpv can be passed even when an infected person has no signs or symptoms .
you can develop symptoms years after being infected making it hard to know when you first became infected .
according to webmd when hpv symptoms do develop on a person the symptoms normally start within 3 months time but the signs may also surface after many years following the first infection .
the latency period between high-risk hpv infection and cervical cancer development in women may take months to years whilst medscape says the average time from first infection to manifestation of invasive cervical cancer is estimated at up to 15 years .
u.s. national library of medicine revealed the estimated incubation period from initial low-risk hpv exposure to genital wart development is 2 weeks to 8 months while most genital warts appear within 2 to 3 months after an hpv infection .
genital warts normally show up as a little bump or gathering of bumps in the genital region .
they can be little or extensive raised or level or formed like a cauliflower .
even after you received treatment and have your hpv symptom cleared up eg .
genital warts removed with surgery and no longer visible the hpv virus may not fully go away from your body system .
when hpv stay in your body for years they will still always be contagious whenever they are active .
once you get infected with hpv the virus likely stays in your body either as an active infection or lays dormant and undetectable after the infection is cleared by your immune system .
the hpv does not go away and may remain present in the cervical cells for years .
there is some research that suggests that the virus can hide deep in the affected mucosa or skin for several years below detectable levels .
having an hpv-positive test followed by an hpv-negative test might mean two different things that the virus has been completely cleared by the body or that the level of infection is so small that laboratory tests can not detect it .
thus hpv might reappear several years after an infection whether or not it was treated when the immune system weakens because of aging pregnancy illness etc .
it is unknown what proportion of hpv infections go latent nor what proportions are truly cleared by the body .
medical science does not yet have all the answers to life 's mysteries and this is one of them .
the centers for disease control and prevention cdc estimates that more than 90 percent of hpv infections are cleared '' by the body within two years .
however it is not known for certain whether the body actually gets rid of the virus altogether or – as appears to happen in at least some women – the virus is merely suppressed to a low undetectable level .
it 's possible that either scenario can occur depending on the woman .
the good news is that even if the hpv infection is merely suppressed by the body – hiding '' in the cells at a low level – it can not cause abnormal cells to form or spread to another person when it is in this non-detectable state .
the bottom line a negative hpv test means you are risk-free for at least the next few years .
however it is believed that old hpv infections can re-activate '' years later most likely due to changes in your immune system .
that 's why it 's important to keep your immune system healthy by eating well exercising and not smoking .
some experts also believe that taking a folic acid supplement helps .
in addition if you have sexual contact with a new partner you could get a new hpv infection with a different type of the virus .
current medical guidelines recommend that women with normal pap and negative hpv results be re-tested every three years .
infection with one type will not result in immunity to the other types .
moreover research has yet to determine whether infection and clearance from one type of hpv provides immunity against subsequent infections from the same hpv type .
yes i know about the information that you 're talking about regarding the clearance rate in 90 of the people in under 2 years .
yes there is information indicating that clearing the virus may indicate that one is no longer contagious .
i even slated that in my original comment but i hope you can see there is conflicting information out there and presented in enough ways that should make someone consider all odds .
whether or not this makes my point moot '' is making these other sources points moot and it only took me less than 30 minutes to google these pieces up .
from left to right untap/upkeep/draw main phase 1 combat middle main phase 2 cleanup .
you can click on them to prevent the game assuming you do n't have full control on from auto-passing .
this is useful if you want to do end-of-phase spellcasting/ability activation during your opponent 's turn tapping opponent 's creatures before combat for example to prevent those creatures from attacking
stopping is the easiest way to lose weight though .
eating utensils is the reason overbites are so common .
so it would n't be that unlikely that the type of food we eat also has an impact on the jaw .
i live in lower saxony and i do n't know any shop or supermarket where you do n't insert the card on your own .
i 'm not going to leave them in a box then place them outside when i need to use them or pick up other things to set them down and use them .
and honestly i could just do with out the up keep .
i know the end goal is to a wipeless rust but something other than upkeep could have been implemented .
if you cover either half of that adorable face with your thumb you get two hilarious pupper faces that i ca n't stop laughing at .
now that there are sound examples of the moog one does it blow your skirt up ?
i too came back to music later in life and spent a ‘midlife-crisis-amount ' of cash on beautiful synths .
when i saw the moog one announced i was like oh sh here we go again but the sound does n't impress me yet .
a poly needs to sound lush to get me going and the moog one for all its loveliness and even its svf does n't appear to compete with the ob-6 in the delicate ethereal brilliance department .
my sanity therefore is also intact for the moment .
max interval reduction increases the workload and makes it easier to recall and that is not too good for the memory improvement .
you 're reviewing more how in the world memory is n't improving ?
it might not be necessary but it should definitely help .
i can still make oberon prime look good i swear !
bills trade him now and the team quits on you for sure .
could get a wild card afc is weirdly inconsistent this year .
thanks ca n't seem to open on my phone but i 'll tryon my pc
i mean the only argument i 've heard that makes me pause about agreeing with you is how trades are handled in real life with physicals etc .
i would ask that the trade be accepted and either a league vote or the commissioner decides on a rule for future issues like this one .
them chinabois are spooky when your alone in a field and here 10 cars coming ur way
i wonder if i left a bit on the road to be honest it was never as painful as i expected especially compared to my first .
but my first was also much hillier and pacing was really solid and i was n't really able to go much faster at the end .
your reply is one of the reasons why i 'm trying to reply to everyone it makes me happy to see everyone smile .
i remember watching a movie called scared straight where some young bad asses '' visit a maximum security prison and have these outrageous chats with the inmates .
i mean i 'm a suns fan in a suns thread about the first 1 pick in franchise history beasting in his first week you 're the guy policing those threads for anti-doncic sentiment or something .
i worked in management until recently stepped to a lower position with a different company that pays more despite less responsibilities and respond to phone notifications almost instantly out of habit from my prior position .
i stay up late on days off like this to listen to videos .
so i 'm basically just sitting here listening to tedtalks/lectures and playing summoners war .
mac and charlie have been best friends since they were little kids .
it 's implied in the show that they did n't meet dennis and dee until high school .
it 'd be interesting to find out how they all became friends since dennis and dee came from a much more privileged background and therefore would n't have been inclined to associate with kids as poor as mac and charlie .
my guess is that mac as the school 's only drug dealer sold dennis weed and they just started hanging out .
mate that was over 7 years ago i bet you have changed as a person in that 7 years just as sos has changed as a player since then .
like it or not sos dug us out of a couple of holes in the ashes and genuinely had a good series .
not just a secret trump r supporter but loopy neo-nazi/white supremacists thought she was a white supremacists too .
noob question where can i do these daily spins ?
it 's possible for guys to bleed in rare cases persistent müllerian duct syndrome and related intersex '' conditions allow for that to happen .
they allow me to rush and retreat with good speed .
nevertheless it is hard for guys to show emotions because in every situation we are told that showing emotions or even confessing to needing any kind of mental support is unacceptable .
the past couple of years were emotional roller coasters for me and looking back i should have sought professional help but i did not .
i came out through the other side thanks to my friends and family you rock dad but it could have been so much easier .
well we are n't all couch potatoes like you who think television fiction is reality
and i will tell you something whilst you live in your mothers basement
oh yes ... no hate to the skinny i have n't been skinny since the nintendo entertainment system but this is so much yes for me !
but the problem is that it 's just a very thin peg which fits in the hole extremely tight .
it 's impossible to take it out of the hole so i cant make any proper repairs .
and it 's pretty well hidden so i 'm alright with the result .
... damn i thought this was azumanga daioh from the pic .
i doubt that may will do this though she appears like a huge populist wannabe and she would not want to lose any votes given that her chances of winning the next elections are low .
using desmos or geobra to check functions help a lot .
im okay with it because the card 's flavour is as if anduin got promoted '' from a priest to a paladin by ascending to the throne .
so while it abandons priest identity for a paladin one it feels fitting .
i just looked this place up on google maps .
as a person from the uk looking at it i just do n't get it .
it does n't seem near anywhere built up it 's in the middle of an old industrial area .
there seems to be a quarry next to it and a refuse facility ... hardly the place you would think to setup a restaurant ...
at current rates of topsoil erosion there may be less than a century https www.scientificamerican.com/article/only-60-years-of-farming-left-if-soil-degradation-continues of harvests left .
... less than 100 years left of a climate that can possibly sustain life ...
this is n't technically true even if intensive farming starts to collapse it wo n't bring down the rest of the ecosystem .
but what happens when hundreds of millions of people begin to starve ?
i was n't prepared to deal with them for over half a decade
well i 've definitely been doing things wrong then or am just blind .
i had no idea there were so many of those things !
calling it shit writing because it does n't favor your side classy .
asexuality is a spectrum there are many different types of asexuals and no 2 asexuals are exactly alike so i 'm telling you about myself personally .
when i think about sex sexual things kissing i feel nothing .
i do n't feel uncomfortable though if i hear others talk about such things or see such things in movies or tv shows .
i do experience aesthetic attraction meaning i like the way someone looks .
i may say someone a physical person or a person in a picture i 'm looking at is pretty beautiful handsome etc. but that 's it .
i would n't want to engage in sexual or romantic activity with them .
i personally fantasize at times about being in a relationship with someone kissing them cuddling doing things with them etc. but i know that in real life i do n't want those things .
also sorry if it 's tmi but i do like to masturbate .
i have no libido but you do n't need one to like to masturbate .
i do it purely for the feeling of orgasm .
the combat i 've seen worries me i did n't mind origins but the combat became very dull very quickly .
shooting arrows through walls and kicking people 50 feet seems a bit much for me .
if one of them needs blood for transfusion and he finds out that way ... would that be better ?
leaving the eu means more transparent political and economic decision-making less underhanded lobbyism no party of discontent and uk voters ultimately deciding the always controversial but necessary balancing acts relating to the labour market migration and foreign relations .
do i also get unicorn-flavoured icecream no more sad things ? ? ?
bolin 's trade will set you free '' mantra is a bedtime story for privileged little monsters neglected by their parents in their public school dormrooms .
in the real world and i mean the uk your unbridled capitalism has been an abject disaster .
by professional education do you mean they trained you on the job ?
i would say never buy a game before the reviews are out and you know about the state of the game bugs-wise know about the gameplay story maybe etc .
making games is time consuming and expensive so i understand the prices for some games .
to be honest in those two weeks they cut rptqs significantly lowered the amount of gps and decided to run pro tours in the same venue as gps to save some money .
in my option that 's pretty clear signal to pro community to pursue some other carer .
initially i did n't know but from a little bit of research it seems that a kanye is an amoebic form of life that enjoys hats and shoes and is currently preparing to run for president of the united states .
actually here in victoria there 's no law saying how far away a car has to pass a bike .
it 'd be great if we got it as close passing is a very stressful moment .
had to play a tie breaker to pass a terrible team liquid then got smashed vs rng
that last bit sounds like he 's intentionally just being a dickhead .
was the td post him screenshots get that and saying lmao look at this libtard or lmao i trolled epic libtards ?
... . this is probably the most well made thing i have seen on this sub .
i do n't know if i should be shocked or excited .
i fully disagree freddie came across as vitriolic and cruel .
i liked alex he made me laugh and was just a refreshingly normal nice guy .
feel the same about dan but he was n't quite as funny so alex topped it just about .
the thing is the horse armor is way worse than you think .
because it kinda started the shitfest you get furious about right now .
is there a convinient way to see how many 1*votes episodes have gotten in total and percentage ?
mike surely would have noted his licence number and sent him a dry cleaning service gift certificate afterwards .
there was this episode of spongebob where patrick went to work every day but his case was full of ice cream .
it 's not always easy to talk in clubs and saying i have a girlfriend '' as a reason not to do something can imply that if he didn't have a girlfriend he 'd be up for it .
just a day paddle flinders to phillip island and back 19km
ye know not what ye yield for it is a formidable draught
i am answering one of your two questions regarding the halting problem .
first the undecidability of the halting problem does not state that you can not decide whether a given tm does not halt .
it states that there is no general algorithm that can decide that for all tm .
this is a statement about our models of what constitute computation .
but according to turing-church thesis that is all we have to express compuation .
regarding the relevance it is based on artificially constructed turing machines .
but then all tm are pretty artificial and constructed only to assert some facts about computation .
whether some tm are more relevant than others in practice is pretty much as important a question as the sex of angels or the number of them that can stand on a needle head .
the undecidability of the halting problem tells us that there are general questions that can not be solved by a general technique applicable to all cases .
what i mean by general question is a question depending on some parameters where the answer is to be found for some values of the parameters .
recall that the purpose of much of our mathematics is to find general techniques to solve a family of problems .
the undecidability of the halting problem tells us that this is not always possible .
for example it can be used to show that there is no general technique to decide whether a context-free grammar is ambiguous .
it may be that a problem is undecidable because you just made it a bit too general .
possibly by restricting it a bit you can make it decidable for useful and still large enough subfamily .
i do not have a spectacular example in mind but i am sure there must be some .
i recall one true case of a program analysis problem that was proved np-complete unless it was undecidable i do not remember well .
against all advice a phd student decided to tackle it anyway .
he was actually able to show that some restrictions on the problem that did not matter much in practice turned it into a very tractable problem thus enabling the use of various program analysis and optimization tools .
i think the bolded sections in addition to the other comment thread cover the extrapolation i 'm trying to make .
the point you are deciding to make i guess falls into the validity of the extrapolation which i do n't have a complete answer for to be honest .
could you explain more why i could or could n't extrapolate ?
i 'm trying to say crime prediction would be done using some algorithmic or mathematic technique .
i am saying that it would n't be able to predict all the crime .
but as another user pointed out which ties into the bolded sections a restricted subset may potentially cover all human needed cases but being able to figure that out is arguably undecidable .
it 's called godels first incompleteness theorems and the halting problem how limiting is on cs stack .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a bolded tl dr .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/9mnua8/i_22f_dont_know_how_to_get_out_of_a_relationship and include your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
sure if you ignore the perpetual year-on-year letdown based on their perennial we 're totally going to bring this out as an art car dance club awesome thing ! !
the best question for the 2 finalists would be which one of you sucked the least ''
honestly almost everyone on the jury played a better game than them .
except steve fuck that guy and his girly butthurt emotions
that 's already being done in sc without a constitutional amendment .
the vikings brought the pressure all game which may have hurt his numbers .
i think last week 's still decent numbers are towards the low end of what we should expect from him going forward .
my apple watch screen came unglued from the case .
idk how the fuck it happened but apple wanted 320 for the repair lol .
i took it to one of these ifixit guys like 4 stores down and he offered to re-glue it for free .
face is still glued to the base and working 6 months now .
apple does n't diagnose single problems they guesstimate what 's happening in the general area and replace everything that could 've caused the problem .
this causes the repair to end up being way mor me than the machine is worth forcing you to buy their new shit .
i used to be an apple loyalist but i 've not upgraded anything in the last 3-4 life cycles .
only reason i saw the move was because i knew where to look .
i know that i definitely was n't complaining about the salary .
i just felt weird doing mostly the same work as everyone else and getting paid so much more .
most people complained two weeks after the salary that they 're broke and i was just there like yes ...
what made it worse is that it was kind of an elephant in the room and i was constantly worried about people holding a grudge/talking shit
however i was meaning 4 or 5 days of lifting per week .
the list under biafra is basically a list of countries that got all ties cut .
constantly so i do n't get freaked out anymore by them .
fuck i 've been having intrusive thoughts about going postal since i was like 12 .
i go a decent bit and have recommended them on here before .
surely the legendary bosses appear in the ubisoft upload pictures feed ?
i got it from a dude called catboots you can buy one here !
even nazi-tier evil pales in comparison to what kars would do even his own peers knew his very existence was unsustainable .
im voting no mostly because warding just dosent appeal to me .
im not just gon na vote yes to get a new skill in the game just because .
honestly i think something similar to summoning but not exactly like it would be more appealing .
like maybe only npc 's that you kill in the game can be summoned maybe call resurect and make it not effect combat levels .
i 'd gladly take another fallout game with new vegas level graphics if the writing and roleplaying were as good too .
have you heard any bad stories about him at uf ?
maybe muschamp was able to reel in his bad tendencies .
unless i 'm traveling i only take the game i 'm planning on playing !
i lost my games in high school on a class trip and i 'm pretty sure someone took them ... but i would n't put it past myself to lose my games if they were kept separate from my switch/ds .
jolie is raging about the stalker forums '' and urging us all to get therapy as she explains in the same breath how unbothered she is by all of it .
no one is stalking you jolie calm down lol .
idk what gomi is up to anymore but us here on reddit casually taking five seconds to comment that your head stands and la croix consumption are basic that 's not stalking .
in fact is n't she constantly saying that people can say whatever they want in any space '' other than her own ?
with every passing day the fact my team is n't just another united becomes more of a source of pride .
r/massivecock now provides you with the opportunity to find someone to play with your massive cock .
you are encouraged to include your location and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
if interested please include your general location age and preferred partner in the title or body of your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
summon me with u/titletoimagebot feedback https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=titletoimagebot subject=feedback 209mksb0 source https github.com/gerenook/titletoimagebot
well then life would be alot more difficult considering the fact of being the worst person is only one step away from fighting with yourself for not eating
by that logic he would still be a 4 time champ because just like hamilton had 1 more win and 1 more dnf than rosberg in 2016 .
massa had 1 more win and 1 more dnf than hamilton in 2008 .
all it takes is a tweet and your life is potentially ruined .
this is fake cracking and it 's powered by led under the glass to make it look real but it 's not a funny joke .
you definitely dont it is by all acccounts the most disgusting enema you will ever have to give .
at the present moment i cant remember the exact ingredients but basically pharmacy sends you a giant bottle of glycerin which has a corn syrup like texture .
it extremely slimey/thick and is no pun intended a pain in the ass to administer
i 'd actually think fulham are one of the clubs least likely to need a gk .
they 're playing bettinelli atm but they also have fabricio they signed in the summer and sergio rico but i think that 's just a loan
not sure why you were downvoted but thats a great collection .
i 'm a little late to the party here but i suggest keeping it very vague .
our lovely wedding party is already helping with that but thank you for offering . ''
we appreciate the offer but that 's already handled . ''
if you do n't have it handled but do n't want them to help .
also other than simple questions people can deal with being surprised by how beautiful your venue is .
they do n't need to know every detail of your planning process .
i have had a few major disasters with my wedding due to family and friends offering to help and not coming through .
i wish i just had said no the first time around .
thats so dangerous how she swung towards the kick and not away .
you say that like firing someone also gives license to sexually harass them ?
if you fire someone fire them and be done with it .
do n't drag it out and make it personal sexual or anything other than strictly professional .
clearly you 've never written for a dual credit college class
666 up votes so i had to up vote because christian channel
lots of us are fighting similar battles my friend .
i went for several years without health insurance and ended up putting thousands of medical costs onto credit cards .
i will be paying it off for a long time but i will pay it off eventually .
yeah i just finished up a run and aragon was great for a very long time up until they fell under a pu with great britain .
i 've had a sort of middle ground experience last year i did some part time teaching of ict while writing up my thesis .
it was primarily teaching people how to use ms office and as teaching staff i was compelled to teach what the administrative staff had decided .
however i was able to introduce ideas about linux and free software at points .
for example when giving a presentation about word processing software/spreadsheet history etc in addition to ms office i also spoke about libreoffice adding that it is what i use myself personally as well as being completely free .
i also delivered all my talks and examples from my personal laptop which ran linux .
while i was careful not to suggest or advise students to switch their operating system a couple did show an interest in what i was using and one student did decide to install linux mint .
in another class a student arrived with their own laptop running linux and the first thing they said to me was i only use libreoffice '' i think that they were expecting of those heated discussions '' but i simply replied me too '' .
they were also pleased when i told them that i was happy to accept documents in .odf format .
personally i think that it 's unethical to teach students dependency on ms office but as teaching staff i had very little say over what was taught there 's an effort to homogenize a lot of education these days .
it was n't even possible to dedicate a small amount of time to trying out or demonstrating libreoffice as the portable version was blocked .
the shots are also pretty easy to dodge if you have to .
i do think shifu could use some help though .
like put his legendary space bonus on all levels but maybe lower the duration to only last for two swings at lower levels .
self healing is so important in this game and almost every hero has it .
shifu was one of the champions who relied most on his self healing in arena basically using his ex-space any time it was up and he had taken a bit of damage .
that and his r was where most of his energy went but without the self healing of his ex-space until legendary if you 're lucky enough and with no teammate to combo off of his incap he has lost a lot of his value .
now if he manages to get his legendaries and the right items he 's pretty much the same as when he saw a lot of play in arena .
he just a beast that can keep going forever even against two enemies .
he was just in his enemies ' faces the whole time .
setting up incap combos for his team sometimes just outright killing the enemy support in a 1v2 situation .
i do n't want to kinkshame but i 'm pretty sure they executed people this way in ancient persia .
but who would be a good stand in for chris plummer in the role ?
divesting investments from fossil fuels is the most effective thing the average person can do to make a difference in climate change
because shooting dinosaurs has been something that people have been doing for hundreds of years .
and while modern dinosaurs are smaller than their ancestors guns have proven very effective against large animals .
right now the consensus is the oil can cause problems for the squirrels .
true republicans do n't care about the popular vote ... ..
either i 'm about to fall victim to your well done whooosh or you have n't been paying attention to the reports that have been coming out about vaping ...
tell them to meet you after work at the parking lot and fight it out till one of you taps out .
i do n't think that 's what brees is really worried about right now you fucking asshole .
he had a couple moments this season and was definitely better last season but his humor is almost always how random '' .
when he 's not doing that i think he 's hilarious .
you go behind the store and there are usually plenty of bugs ...
my friend loves this dude and was showing me some of his other reviews .
he definitely comes off as arrogant and just a huge bro but generally pretty nice .
my problem is that he does n't know how to open most pizza boxes yet hosts his own show .
if a box has those little side tabs to keep the lid closed he just rips the whole thing open while complaining that the boxes are too complicated .
i could see how people on the street would think he 's a random drunk bro the loud voice the shredded and mangled pizza boxes a buddy filming with his flash on and a pats shirt really sell the feel
is says that you choose 5 heroes and then each comes with 3 copies of a unique card .
this then leaves you with 25 cards to choose .
does this mean the 5 heroes do n't count towards you deck size ?
these jokes are like even numbers in the numerator because they make me want to over dos
hard to find a good price overpriced pairs are everywhere .
the more i think about it if you can get to one of your mine explosions quicker due to a rotation hole you can spread them out and catch a lot of entrances .
it 's not the same sql query for all strings but i think it can be easily parameterized .
watching blount touch the football on 1st and 10 legit burns my eyeballs .
also a lions fan so not even just being greedy .
oh i see but can i get 60fps 900p or 1080p with ryzen ?
like for example.. just 1050ti.. coz that what 's matter to me most being able to play the game specifically botw even a 40fps would be cool to me .
that 's incredibly kind of you i greatly appreciate the sentiment !
please feel free to donate to st jude 's instead if you feel compelled .
hey i know this post is old but i 'd love to hear this story
thank you that 's where we are so likely the case .
tree also has a small red tailed squirrel that is highly protective of said tree .
that you are trying to get your dad to let you get a pet so you have to keep your room clean for 6 months so you cleaned your room and are sleeping in the hallway
yeah idk what was wrong with her voice she kind of sounds like kara a bit as well .
the system needs to be fixed since like the 2.5 update i think it was .
however the other day when i asked in my local what happens to the workers pay when there is a civil disobedience and a job site gets shut down at endbridge l3 i was told by my principal officer that they should just run them over .
everyone wants solidarity when they have issues but do n't want to stand with their brothers and sisters when they need it .
i came across your comment much later but holy shit really 2 hours daily ? ? ! ?
i have n't played fgo or gbf yet and i was wondering about getting into one of them .
the reason being is that i 'm playing through dragalia lost right now and man is it fun .
dude is way too far away from that ball doe
we were ppr for years and switched to .5 last year .
you learn a concept and you keep repeating until you have perfected it and then move to the next one .
also you 're done with calculus typically by middle school or at the latest first two years of high school .
and you 're leaning english as well as korean literature .
and a slew of other topics and fields of study .
all in hopes that you 'll do well enough that the university of your choice will accept you .
oh and that you 'll pass the exam for a professional job .
no it 's not too high it 's too little .
the radio needs to see 12v but the camera is a 6v turn on .
you need this https www.bestbuy.com/site/metra-harness-for-most-vehicles-multi/4630722.p ? skuid=4630722 the 12v wire to the radio black ground and 6v out to the cam
and pretty much everyone else but frankie and yan gomes .
militant is the word they use and that 's not at all an accidental word choice .
they said that the government should own things like steel and power .
at best its run by cooperatives '' which is basically impossible as a national platform of governance .
edit also learn to use the search bar these things are asked often
i have no idea what that is but it looks awesome .
usually with mobile games since they 're easy to play i 'll just play so much and quickly get burnt out .
i do n't have much mobile games because of it .
surely it was founded before the aztec were conquered but not before they got started
i 'm in calculus 4 right now at an ivy and i still say that to myself .
we did n't do nudes but we would face time and masturbate thats was exciting while it lasted .
plus the idea of just us to being so intimate and personal was such a great feeling .
i ended up using seymour kuja shantotto and eiko guest .
harrison is really not ready to be a starting pg
i 'd love to bury my face between those sweet tits
i would totally bro hug you if i could .
yeah man this movie messed me up for a good while
no fucking way anyone looks at wellness lectures with that face .
idc if theyre serving goddamn filet mignon and lobster tails .
i thought it was fine the way it was three division winners and a fourth seed .
there were a couple seasons in a row where there was a game 163 tiebreaker so the league and networks got greedy off of that .
you 'd think that like the nfl there 'd be many stats to be tiebreakers head to head league record .
there have been many times that all i ate for dinner was a kind bar .
they do not advertise these sorts of things as devices strictly for disabled folks or folks with mobility issues specifically so they 're not classified as medical devices .
i really do n't want it in my inbox or anywhere permanent .
i have to admit that i coughed later in the day still sick ... boo and was caught off guard by how much i could feel it in my abs .
no thigh or arm soreness but i definitely felt it in my core by the end of the day .
i like how reform or at least the reform class i took ... maybe they mix it up sometimes ?
i do n't always want to suffer through burning and shaking in while lowering my seat to my ankles in flat back chair for minutes on end .
this is probably their christmas card photo for years to come .
wow people are still angry that i do n't like ssb .
not like you love the rhetoric of a known liar or anything .
i got my ultimate fugitive predator and ultimate ahab predator there
switch has excellent first party exclusives and third party multi-platform releases .
the only thing it 's lacking is third party exclusives .
previous windows versions is what they were referring to not preinstalled additional software .
he has seen some pretty horrific things at accident sites .
the worst being a motorcycle officer that flew from his bike helmet or not at 55 there was n't much left .
he freaks every time we see a bike on the road .
innocent people went to guantanamo bay but an actual terrorist walks around freely ?
if he was a terrorist there is no way his ass would n't be getting tortured in guantanamo bay or a cia black site .
holy crap you just gave me a great idea i need to do this for my parents lol .
i mean what could possibly be closer to hitler than a black globalist liberal establishment politician devoted to good democratic political institutions ?
you 're on the smaller side of average though that could be a trick of the angle .
you 've got a great shape fantastic frenular delta and quite a nice scrotum/balls .
when i was maybe 15 living in my parents house on the bottom floor with my parents room unstated .
type of home where you walk in on the top floor built into the side of a hill so the front door and main house is upstairs along with the rest of the bedrooms except the 2nd master bedroom mine a guest room no one slept in and a large family/play room with a tiny room that was set up as a wine cellar but parents did n't do whine so it was mainly empty .
the stairs were in this small hallway turn to right to go up but straight ahead was this tiny room .
middle of the night i 'm about to go up to get something from kitchen and i hear something in that room and freeze .
it was constant and i was holding my breath trying to hear it steady sounded like whoever it was was also just frozen listening to what i would do next .
i could n't move so i hid behind the couch 5 feet from
the stairs/tiny room and called the cops because my parents were n't answering their phones big house i was convinced if i screamed they would run out and kill me the breathing sound never stopped .
someone had put a big old clock in that room and the analogue ticking sound paired with the travertine and wood cave/ornate metal door making it even louder made it sound like someone creepily breathing in and out .
my siblings never let me hear the end of it .
anytime i 'm with them and we pass an old grandfather clock or hear a clock ticking one of them will hand me their phone with 911 typed in .
tldr yep shit my pants and called the cops on a clock .
you have the cereal and at least 6 different kind of marshmallows .
the problem is that 's not agreed upon at a societal level .
can i use text '' instead round '' and format my number as scientific notation ?
it did work but my numbers are like 10^-6 so ...
otherwise im gon na use this solution because it is already an evolution lol
bt to me u can use flaming in good use by flaming enemy in right way .
i just mute enmy chat.then trash talk the enemy player who is having rough game nonstop .
then his ally also trash talks him bcz he is having hard game and gets tilted .
i non stop flame in game just to win .
worst case is u will be muted for 24 hours but who cares u will win a lot .
oh my god this was my mom 's favorite phrase .
while i agree with his family history and his childhood i 'm under the impression that he did not in fact work for roy and did n't do any of the the mob hits he claimed to have done for him .
but again it 's just what i 've read .
birds in the trap sing mcknight was way better imo
your showing off social proof when people see others around you it shows your socially capable which gives you more value in a social sense .
you spend a painstaking number of hours making one in your own house .
yeah i 'm mentally ill and i hate when people like her make it look like we are just spoiled whiny teens .
i play hit beerus black if hit is the first one he needs assists that can be used to pressure on block but also to be good confirms from his icy floor and counter x beerus is really good at this and i feel that a.gohan can be a really hard assist to use in a combo or out of the pressure context .
if hit is in the middle that 's better since hit needs a lot of bars to be exploited at its full capacity .
before this combination i used gotenks hit black and i think hit and gotenks can have a nice synergy specially after a wall bounce you can use m assist and other m and use it to force a 50/50 mix up between the m stance or h stance or use 2h to stance to reset in the air with h stance for example .
i think it 's nice that you 're still able to get a validating dopamine hit from low hanging beaten-to-death horsefruit .
i am sure anything used on an old episode of ricki lake would work great especially if you enunciate it carefully .
all of that and a bag full of potato chips . ''
this is the same thing we did with our pup we kept re-directing to a toy and he no longer bites at all .
he 's 9 months now and the only time he puts his mouth on my hand is to give love nibbles .
also i 'm still glad joe has something he can wear with pride and not get mistaken for the valet .
i get your point and it 's totally understandable .
i think the army makes this change under the condition that it 's permanent .
as for joe he 'll survive on ramen and buffet coupons if he has to for a few weeks .
should they have not used what the bones actually look like ?
that 's something i would do in high school because people do n't have a lot of cash so if they do want a large amount they usually buy a quart
at that point why not just go all the way and start charging them for meals and stays at the hotel d ' their-room '' ?
i do n't mean with real money since then they would probably decide to use it to buy something else and end up starving because kids are dumb .
instead use your own custom-designed monopoly money you printed out .
let them exchange it with you for real money .
but they 'll quickly realize that they 'll only have enough tokens left over to trade for spending money if they earn their keep . ''
the thing you want here is a gold sink https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gold_sink .
cross island by ashley is sturdy and it 's only about 350
the trinell is also real good but probably too big depending on the space .
honestly they both are on my list to watch more .
did n't want to slot them in without being fully educated .
a guy i know said they had that in the navy .
that 's why pizzagate '' does n't pass the smell test .
pedophilia is a mental defect and it is not exhibited in a majority of the population .
experts estimate that 5 of adult males may have sexual attraction toward children and far fewer women .
for the sake of argument lets say that of the remaining population 45 are complicit or lack the spine and/or conscience to do anything to protect these kids .
that leaves 50 who would risk life and limb in order to bring this evil to light .
now if you belive in pizzagate you have to believe that somehow someway none of the 50 of good men or women have ever found their way into these secret pedo rings and all of the other 50 have .
i 'm a father and i would personally risk my own freedom employment standing etc .
in order to protect not just my own kids but any children .
as adults we are charged with one prime directive as a species protect the children .
i find it unfathomable to accept that so many folks have abdicated this responsibility in order to not rock the boat '' of money and power .
believe it or not the majority of people in the world are still good .
ouch i 've done that before it is both really hard to accidentally do and really painful at the same time
if this was anything other than cod i still would n't be hyped .
edit this is marketing and they are getting you hyped .
something tells me edit for retardation this is n't his patio '' much longer
ah yes the classic pretend to be a nieve newb approach '' tactic to trolling from someone who 's already demonstrated an expert level in it .
upvote this comment if this is a chad joke .
if this comment receives sufficient downvotes op will be banned .
let 's at least work up the pitch count and get to that bullpen early
but i manage about 300 sites between personal items and work items so its a lot of work change every site .
all i 'm saying is the guy is n't totally crazy for wondering why she has a profile when she is n't actively looking .
anyone have a link to the call in question ?
i 'm a terrible fan and have n't been able to watch any of the games live this season yet .
crater lake and silver falls are the two must-see spots in oregon .
after that i would say that after you get to portland head over to astoria and take the 101 the rest of the way up .
damn stanton sucking in the playoffs with a hit in every playoff game so far
what mykl has been leaking is actually way too much if you think about it .
i do n't really doubt his credibility atm but he somehow gets 4 5 player signing leaks everyday i do n't even know how that 's possible .
does he really have that many sources inside the league ?
you can play it on xbox if you have one
i do n't think the operators will be using warframe weapons any time soon .
the warframes are stupidly strong capable of punching holes in and tearing through metal .
rhino rips zanuka in half with his hands in the prophet trailer and the operators are well operators .
they 're not going to be able to handle the firepower of the weapons the warframes use .
heck a basic lato would probably break their arm if they fired it .
lio rush with a live mic during a match is as annoying as indy shows with commentary over the pa .
would your parents be willing to help you find a place to live ?
focus on finding a job and looking for apartments you can move in to .
you can sublet a room in an apartment for not very much .
until you find a place it might be motivating to go on an apartment tour and look at places .
it 's free to do and can help inspire you if you had a place you wanted to work towards living in .
the reality is that if you get rid of the electoral college 90 of campaigning will happen in new york texas california and illinois with the remaining 10 in florida pennsylvania and the next few largest states .
it 's pretty sad you think these states all would vote for a single candidate lol !
not sure of the exact address but i 'm sure you could find it with a quick google search
p o s i t i o n l e s s b a s k e t b a l l
being the 13th guy off the bench is n't how anyone measures success in the nba .
she was actually standing there before i got there .
i did n't get an assassination option i had no way of knowing .
or maybe it just happened in a blink of an eye and i did n't notice .
it 's harder to find more genuine relationships because of this but yeah .
a majority of guys and a lot of girls here are more than willing to give it up on the first date giving it goes well enough .
not sure what grey rock '' means but what you 're describing is called the socratic method named after noted rap star sokrates .
it 's crf if you run the bolt really fast .
also if you point this out after two and a half weeks of attempts at contact with no response ted will talk very condescendingly toward you on a public forum .
this is the way i 've always seen mac .
y'all just starting to see it now bc it 's on the outside .
this was my first experience fasting so i had cravings and hunger pains throughout .
i always had a very mild achy head nothing debilitating just annoying at times .
i kept waiting for the the time when everything was supposed to be good but never got there .
happy i did it as i think it truly detoxified .
i ended 1 day early as i had zero energy and as a pe teacher i ca n't be lethargic .
i mean that makes sense but it certainly is n't very true in practice often .
you can run her with magic up and ninja stealth and she 'd be able to get further to position better for spells .
i wonder if a normal rpg like you see third world militias use in movies is slower than this type .
show compassion to them because they accused someone and that compassion is automatically condemning the accused ?
should we not show compassion to the accused if it seems like the accuser is full of shit ?
i 'm sorry but i find all of it hard i believe this woman did n't decide to come forward 30 years later while he was at the height of his career for no reason .
it was an obvious political attack to keep him delayed until the mid terms in hopes of winning seats back and getting a more favorable candidate .
yeah they just start it early because the fuckers like to wake up early .
in reality most of the ex weapons i 've got were obtained with less than 50k gems sometimes even getting them off in the first few tickets .
still looking at you rosa for making me spend 75k gems to get your ex though !
early ex weapons are n't that remarkable at time of release and lots of characters with only 35cps layle selphie cait sith lilisette setzer were being used to clear endgame content .
it 's only around kuja 's ex weapon release have ex weapons truly started to take hold .
at this time most of the best characters in jp like quistis rinoa and sephiroth are ex users and their ex weapons are true gamechangers for their playstyle .
y'all current generation blacks ai n't getting shit compared to the treatment you 'd get in asia .
yeah there is also no hpv test for men so idk what hes talking about .
so this is how the fun starts with anal fart jokes .
ham radio was a dying hobby when i got started as a tech in the late 90s .
i never got general because of the morse requirement and it was primarily old men who did n't want to change anything .
so i let my license expire and left the hobby after only a couple years on the air .
but i just passed my tech and general exams a few days ago .
haha welcome back you just copied my exact same career in ham radio .
first licensed in college as a no code tech in '99 left in '03 for the same reasons ticket expired '09 came back in '13 with a new callsign and general upgrade and it 's been nonstop pedal to the medal in the five years since mostly doing newer digital modes that had n't even been invented in the 90s .
it was less of a case of me coming back to the hobby and more of the hobby coming back to me because it now reflects the technical interests i 'd always had to begin with .
i 'm at the age 42 now where i 'm pretty much 100 sure that the hobby will outlive me so i could n't care less if anyone else thinks it 's dying '' .
i 'm talking to beeping booping machines most of the time anyway so as long as these dead hams can find someone else out there to pay their electric bill i 'll have someone to talk to .
the justification i landed on after i got mad at the people holding their phones up was to be glad that they did or else i probably would n't get to see it otherwise .
how dumb do you think a 4 year old is ?
if they are smart enough to even play a game like this then they understand that the tv is broken due to their own actions .
they absolutely understand being careful even if not always able to apply the thought in their actions .
they may feel it 's unfair but that 's all part of the learning experience because it 's absolutely fair .
you know they do n't just learn these things on their own as they get older you have to teach them ...
i think you are confused about what choosing beggars is .
just because you offer something does n't mean you are n't one .
if you walk into a bakery and say i only have 5 to offer you but could you make me ten cakes ? ''
that is choosing beggars because you have little to offer but are asking for something specific .
but that does n't mean this one is reasonable .
he out together a really well thought out video tbh did n't even have to defend x to pick apart his arguments and completely dissect them
make sure you report these spam posts when you see them .
when i want to make npcs more memorable i give them a face .
humans are visual creatures and we are programmed to fixate on face patterns .
find some character art somewhere that matches your idea of your npc and if you ca n't find something that matches just change your description to match the best possible example you could find it 's better to stick to art they can see than have no art at all .
if it 's really super super important to you you could always find an artist that does character portraits and commission one .
every time you roleplay as that npc show the art .
i put it up on a computer screen behind me but you could just print it out and hold it up or pin it to your dm screen or lay it on the table .
if you have a group chat/email/channel/whatever share the image there too with the npc 's name and race maybe a short sentence on how the group knows that npc .
make it easy for them to copy it into their own notes .
this is immensely useful because after just 1-2 times of doing this they 'll start visualizing the npc even when you do n't have the art visible for that npc still do it though if it is n't too inconvenient .
also this will become a clue to the players this npc is important !
even if it 's only important because you like this innkeeper and you hope they 'll keep coming back to this inn regularly .
the thing is that they 'll automatically want to interact more with any npc they think is important .
this is a signal you 're invested in the npc the why is a mystery they need to solve .
in the sea of games at our disposal these days a game not worth 15/month is n't worth playing .
i 'm old fashioned though and pretty much want the original eq model .
no cash shop bs no name changes no race changes etc .
click here to find out what this is about .
got into sistar miss a ans ioi after they disbanded im like tt
i would beg for god to keep me out of the cage !
you can do it i believe in you to get the dreaded 7b !
the kid playing a video game analogy is exactly how i have thought about him since the nate diaz rematch i actually used it in another thread about 10 minutes ago .
in the short term but that 's easy for them to change .
it 's easy for them to change yeah but it will require going back to nuclear .
as long as they pull the sustainable energy card they are going to need to import a lot of gas in order to guarantee their power supply .
and russia simply is the most compatible provider for them historically .
which is why it 's a bad thing for both if relations deteriorate .
i 'm sure that if the uk were as reliant on import from russia as germany is the skripal incident would n't have gotten the media attention it did simply because the uk in that case could n't afford to deteriorate relations with russia either .
i 'm imagining a side of sour cream with bacon mixed in and breaking off each side and dipping it in ... . 🤤
now all you can think of or remember are cameras .
i learned alot over the month it took me to make .
my opinion means nothing but i think it looks great .
my only concern would be the amount of maintenance and the potential damage it could cause after but i 've never dyed my hair .
i would love to sell some but for the time i put into it i dont think anyone will pay 80-90 for something like this .
maybe 30-40 but at that point its not worth my time and id rather keep it .
but hey if you have some special requests of carvings i would love to make one for you !
or if you want this one if the price is right its yours !
even a talented writer can be the wrong choice for the job though if he does not have a proper understanding of the characters .
but we do have a problem with glorifying violence .
does n't mean it 's good here or there .
pakistanis are still better off in their mentality than the us or our neighbors .
i live abroad i know how white people think .
these drones are the first big drones we 'll be getting our drone program made a lot of progress in recent years but we still need this transfer of technology .
and apparently we 're allowed to reexport them do you know we 've made a net profit on every such deal we 've had right except the jf17 our tot manufactured aircraft are being used all over the world .
i do n't know why you picked this hill to die on .
those hurt us far worse and often have caused direct damage to people who lost their land or were threatened/killed for standing up against the army .
ask for investigations against kickbacks against the luxurious lifestyles of our generals .
this is technology and a net benefit even in a non-violent way as hundreds of nust graduates will have something to work on lol .
go to the counter say you want althea lady diane 35 nordette trust insert name of pill here .
wait for pharmacist to retrieve box of pills pay and leave .
i also do this with my technically prescription-only acne medication hahaha
personally i have a very close friend whom is amazing at guitar solo lead guitar similar to a style you 'd compare to jimmi hendrix my god when we get together and he 's on guitar and i play drums his brother plays bass and we either myself alone or myself and the dude who plays lead play while we are tripping.. it 's just a mind blowing experience !
i 've tripped a lot and nothing compares to live psychedelic rock music .
just an unfinished hole in the ground that 's meant to be a meth lab full of angry old men .
min erfaring er at intet slår en erfaren ældre kvindelig lærer ... for satan de kunne sætte en klasse på plads .
maxwell could kiss his return good bye even if marnus gets a duck in the second innings he 's playing next test .
i had that happen a lot for first three years of marriage .
now i am super depressed my baby daughter will be leaving for college in less than a year .
just chill and it will happen in no time .
2moe chiyome danzo abby ... let 's just say all the cute ones '' .
my sister paid £800 for a ticket to this since i think boys and resellers got the majority of them personally i 'd never pay that much but i guess they 're a big deal to a lot of people .
maybe it 's just advertising them and how popular they are ?
i know woman that do all of this and are fine .
fuck yea just finished both seasons on a 3 day binge .
in lotr and the hobbit it 's discussed that the hobbits should be left alone they have no important part in the history of middle earth .
and it is true for the first 4000 years or so .
but gandalf disagrees the things their light-minded spirit and being a part of all that tedious storyline left them pure in some way that being the pillar of their strength .
his predictions come true and they partly already were since gollum a hobbit has the ring of power with many years while even then still retaining some good in him which would be impossible for any other creature and it ends up being frodo and sam who end the dark lords dynasty for good .
hobbits are a 4fun region indeed they like their tabaco and their wine their food and the tea parties .
basically hobbits na and bilbo is imaqtipie the og hobbit to dominate ring with the power of 4fun his nephew tyler1 frodo will bring us our first world championship in a couple of thousand years .
i spent the summer in south korea with the best download speeds i have ever had before and redbarred almost every game .
it sucks and unless you get lucky and match up with someone nearby there 's really nothing you can do .
i figured it out it hit the head also why i had to adjust the clutch and why it did n't turn over i opened up the head and did n't tighten it all the way on accident and that 's why it did n't hit sparked and did n't go ...
besides fresh water and sunlight what do they need ?
op is also stating that the arguments cancel out .
meaning that the amount of people killed by guns equals the amount saved by vaccines .
if no one in the world had a gun but no one had vaccination the death toll would still be greater than what we have today .
i do n't know but that looks really dope .
try something for a week and see if it helps ... . most water weather it 's bottled or from the tap is very acidic .
some are smartwater figi evian ... . there are other brands made as well .
i suffered from horrible reflux post op and this change fixed my problem .
honestly looking at the document itself i do n't see much of an issue .
it looks like a presentation on the difficulty of balancing free speech and limiting harmful behaviours on a platform which is an age-old problem moderators have been dealing with forever on the internet .
the conclusion they come to is that consistency is key as inconsistent moderation causes frustration in the user base and policing tone instead of content .
or are places like t_d and kia sticking to a unrealistic ideal of zero moderation all the while banning people from their subreddits ?
if you go with no moderation of content you get the white supremacist voat .
mad dog mattis is the most sane person in the white house right now and people call him mad dog ... .. we 're screwed
this is a devotional i have been reading through every night with my girlfriend .
it 's made to be done on your own but we liked the idea of sharing it then i answer the tough questions about sexual purity and my relationship with christ at the end of each lesson .
i had looked around for a devotional for a while and stumbled across this one and i loved it .
it 's written by a guy who overcame his struggle with pornography so every lesson is personal .
if you 're looking for something to go through every day to help with forcing yourself to talk/pray/think about struggles and your relationship with the creator look no further .
i hope this helps you all as much as it is helping me .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
i saw this while driving home from work and filmed it on my phone which obviously did n't capture the rainbow colors or the sonic wave thing from the thing on the right .
nobody really cares about boxing full stop anymore in america .
used to play flex in comp but retired after season 5 .
mostly playing mccree zarya hog zen and ana in qp .
torbjörn is still easy as hell to hit but overload is extremely lazy design .
a lot of optimized grinding and min-maxing knowing when to do what activities and how to eliminate low level pieces .
also doing end game content like raids and the shattered throne is where most of your levels will come from .
this is exactly why it works so well for me .
our starting lineup may suck balls but that bench is a blast
soon you will be dreaming of peppermint having extra catfood his own sofa and exactly 2 belly scritches not exceeding .485 seconds each .
i 'm at a bar i ca n't hear it .
it 's quite possible that new vegas would have turned out just as buggy if they did the qa themselves and i know the one where it eats too much ram and crashes ca n't be fixed without overhauling the engine but they seem to have fixed their issues there .
pillars has been just as stable and bug-free as a bioware game for me and far more stable than a bethesda game .
lol this might be the most incorrect thing ive read on here in a while .
if bell is 100 he gets all the carries .
he is a generational talent that connor is no where near .
i updated mine earlier on an ubuntu machine via the web ui and now the database is 0kb .
i 'm on the anemia scale so to speak so when i need to i just take an iron supplement .
i 'm new to hockey but based on these first few games that 's what it seems like
keep up the good work and i really like your style if it is n't a bother i 'd love to see your version of the alphabet .
as someone from alabama thank you for sharing this .
i will be going to the polls to vote against this ridiculous shit .
just follow the instructions and pm me after you are done .
currently it can only be viewed in north america .
just have the voice actors call someone a nee-gro with just the right blend of smug contempt and condescension and it 'll accomplish much the same thing without using the n-word .
you absolutely do not require the n-word to depict racism .
you are playing into the right 's hands by making this equivalency .
i was semi serious but only because i got jebaited by a company that i thought i would be able to work at
i just had my final onsite for citibank last friday and i honestly think i will get it and i want to spend the next two weeks chilling but i think that 'll be a mistake
and i refuse to be an enabler for them to treat any other front desk person that way .
pop a heal orb and then right click them to death is best 1v1 moira srat imo .
the reason you use a heal orb as opposed to a damage orb is because an enemy can move away from the damage orb but you can follow the heal orb making it more effective in 1v1 .
peoples biggest issue with moira is favouring dmg over heal orb especially in 1v1 imo
your dopamine is outta whack you 've got ta try your best to start .
i understand it 's hard man but if you truly wan na quit you 've got ta try your best and not give up .
if you want to quit until you 're older get rid of your paraphernalia and cut off ties with people who try to get you to smoke .
where i got alcohol poisoning from too many toasts .
only to recover and realize the new contract was a trainwreck on week two .
but i figured i could endure it cause i had my birthday coming up
got back and went to get the car ready ... for mother 's day the following weekend .
when the tire blew at 70mph on the highway .
mother 's day next day dog went into emergency surgery cause she got attacked .
which was healing when i got an email from one of dads friends asking if i 'd heard from him lately .
flew across country and saw the house ... have to quit .
3 weeks of plumber issues while cleaning out 4 dumpsters of trash from house only to find plumber was a con artist and his installed equipment would destroy itself .
have to put new husbands home on market ... still has n't sold .
move across country to start working on a house where the toilets scream when you flush them .
no job for 5 months for either of us .
just for the extra kick in the junk a terrible haircut .
those guys are epic epic cool and they were my reason for smiling most days .
i 've forgotten what my couch looked like my body is a mess it 's been travel toothbrushes for months ... and my dad is gone .
i was overseas years ago in russia actually and they used to have a service called camo phone .
so i called my cousin but as one of his friend 's numbers .
sure enough his phone said that contact and he was very confused why i was on the other end since i was on vacation .
i bet there 's some terrible explanation in a comic or book that says they are exactly that ... ..salt-troopers hahah
i used to have this exact lamp but it fell and broke .
no it would lose both elasticity and stickiness and the dodge hole thing would n't work as well
if this is n't staged then i have only one question .
they are trying to sell you a lot of trash for gold .
usually 3 for 1 or 4 for 1 trades are never in the favor of the 1 .
if you are trading obj you need a rb1 or a rb2 paired with a wr2 at the least .
the first one including baldwin is interesting but edelman and baldwin are up in the air .
those water thingies from the space levels in sa2 .
lots of times they 're super hard to beat .
phaneuf 's stick catches lowry in an unfortunate spot https streamable.com/vijfx
check out r/gifsfromthegame for past games and follow kingsgifs https twitter.com/kingsgifs on twitter !
she 's dead what 's she going to do ?
rise from her coffin and start screeching at you ?
maybe tie it back if that 's neater i think it 's more appropriate to be as smart as you can at a funeral .
and if it 's for the better of the game i 'll understand and not whine about it .
you 're not suppose to know what steel wind strike really looks like .
you 'll only ever see the aftermath because it 's one of those cool moves that happens in the blink of an eye !
had n't seen you post here in a while welcome back 😁 .
as a side thing i know what your tattoo is supposed to be but it looks like your oriental man is biting a boob 😜
he did n't though so your comment is just racist as fuck .
he jumped a fence and tried to fight someone who was insulting him in public and you call that going full muslim ?
lol cora knowing angel is a shit ump and making sure he knows whats going on in the game
i 'd rather have frazier on the roster than delly honestly but moving delly is n't really a viable option .
edit there is actually a lot of link tech but really if you know agt you 're good for the most part .
my grandpa used to say come in the hooses mooses when we came to see him .
dont think so but everyone could just buy a xim and use kb/m with ease .
in duel links i 've forgotten that azure eyes silver dragon blocks all targeting including mine so i gave something useful to an opponent metalmorph maybe ?
i think i then died because anki was stronger than him .
i post to bring attention to problems within the game .
if nobody calls these outs then they 'll never have the chance to get fixed .
all props to laura for being the utterly devious and brilliant person she is .
to be pendantoc about the ressurection for people to be ressurected they have to want to be ressurected .
kesten seems like someone who 's borderline depressed most of the time and would be mildly happier in the after life and jhod would be happy with his god .
or you know you could keep him alive to be .
once in a lifetime band that 's completely over now .
no other social even comes close to it as far as memes go imo.spongebob was also my childhood so i 'll always have a weak spot for it .
honestly i feel like the only ponies who have a chance of canonicly dying in mlp would be grand pear and starswirl
the best i 've done so far is 4000 miles and 300,000 in 12 months .
some of them are pushing for a constitutional convention so they can rewrite it .
well yeah but they still get one because all people are given the right to their opinions and how they wish to act upon the even if they 're god awful .
i love how you saw your bruise and went this would be a great shade of eyeshadow for my gf like tbh that 's sweet
ive been trying to figure out what to say for a few minutes all i can think is that my mouth is still dropped open .
none of the 4 people that were there remember that party .
and neither does she ... she does n't know the house the exact date how she got there etc .
i ca n't believe people think this is anything other than a political character assassination .
so now the crabs have std 's of their own ?
god is our refuge and strength a very present help in trouble .
therefore we will not fear though the earth gives way though the mountains be moved into the heart of the sea though its waters roar and foam though the mountains tremble at its swelling. psalm 46:1-3
even though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death i will fear no evil for you are with me your rod and your staff they comfort me. psalm 23:4
'' the lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer my god my rock in whom i take refuge my shield and the horn of my salvation my stronghold . ''
my help comes from the lord who made heaven and earth. psalm 121:1-2
i highly recommend the psalms they get me through the roughest of times .
the idea i am describing is not all that different from guilds i agree .
but with the way guilds currently function crashing can remain a huge problem .
furthermore a player can join multiple parties at once but still the guild remains as the inner circle .
by the way your point about how these problems would be fixed by a tweak to guilds is irrelevant .
if anything that makes this idea even more practical for deca to implement .
give me proper reasons why you think it is so obvious .
i spent 5 dollars on the welcome bundle and i 'm having a blast .
all i need is rare dual lands and i 'm all set .
mine finally arrived today after sitting in customs for 30/31 days .
i order from the same dude altho have used another guy often as well and he gets it in the post quickly .
from start to finish normally i have my kratom in my hands within 10 days to 18 days .
in your case i would say the earthquakes and the storms have had something to do with it .
are you in contact with your guy on a regular basis ?
my two main guys use whatsapp and they are very professional and send me tracking updates even tho i am tracking it myself .
he said tho that ups nor any other courier wo n't take kratom shipments anymore so looks like i 'll be going to canada post route all the time again .
this last time was cp as well but i have used couriers before .
using a simple title like help '' does not tell our helpers anything about your question .
you may not get the people with the right knowledge to help you because they do n't know what you want .
help the people who are going to help you and help yourself at the same time .
please re-submit your question with a more explanatory title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/help if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm always down for a meetup and making new friends if that 's reassuring !
platonic or non-platonic is fine with me so long as i 'm out there meeting people and having a good time .
and i agree lots of the guys on reddit are just super-thirsty and looking to get laid with nothing more .
as expected of sm lightsticks safe bland and boring .
now only boa and f x if they ever come back need a light stick .
afterwards he was in national guard as a pilot for a long time .
seeing that flight suit that 's a lot of childhood memories .
all this photo needs is the black patch on the left chest ...
it 's more unlikely that it ever will even reach the ath again in most of the current market buyers lifetimes .
their great-grandchildren might see it but that 's doubtful .
that 's way too long time to keep thousands of tied up in an unprofitable asset class .
this is where leveraged shorting will grow exponentially as it will be the only way to profit from the asset .
people were telling me it 's because suboxone is used to stop withdrawals and i did n't have an addiction or tolerance to any opiate
i post a link if it 's a long post but for a pun i do n't
i wonder how his case will be treated ... will he be mocked and ignored like dr. ford or will he be taken seriously ?
i hope this kid gets justice no sexual assault victim should get treated like dr. ford ... moked by the fuckin president .
i 'm all that you see you wan na see
michael you 're the boy with all the leather hips
michael you 're the only one i 'd ever want
the only one i 'd ever want the only one i ever want !
if i did n't have to ride hills to get home i 'd genuinely consider a 1x set up but i 'm not getting up a few of them on 53-28 .
however your submission has been removed because we do not allow personal advice or evaluation submissions .
you can always go to r/askwomenadvice r/relationships for romantic/non-romantic relationship advice r/legaladvice for legal advice r/femalefashionadvice for fashion advice r/skincareaddiction for skin care advice or r/findareddit if you dont know where else to go .
please remember to read the rules of any subreddit you go to .
if you think you received this message in error please message the moderators click here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskwomen subject '' my post was removed for personal advice '' message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
even in the past our wealthiest and best educated women maintained large families .
because they had the wealth to do so without going into poverty .
there comes a point when you have to stop relying on immigration canada wo n't have young easily exploitable individuals to poach from 3rd and 2nd world countries forever .
crosleys are decent starters but with the lack of an adjustable tone arm they tend to dig into your record more causing some pretty bad wear and tear .
usurper is fine people have to accept that they ca n't braindeadly execute the same gameplan every game .
kinda find it hilarious he went out of his way to get it done in a way that makes it almost impossible to remove and cover up .
and that 's before we consider the drillers do n't typically want to wreck their equipment .
the only reason to exceed 50 blows/6 '' if is you really need a sample which is n't often .
i suspect there are many that would agree the spt could use some modernization and we typically call it a cpt .
lastly cpts are not the be-all end-all that some would have you believe .
they are a useful tool that has limitations just like every other tool .
should be fine as long as it 's not defective then
as far as i know kebab '' is a broad term for a variety of meat-based dishes originating from the middle east .
so what a particular person means when they say kebab '' often depends on where they 're from and what particular dish has become popular in their country .
i guess it 's hard to imagine that for other guys it 's just a part of life instead of all they think about and value over everything which it likely is n't .
but if you 're accustomed to thinking in those unilateral terms it might as well be .
unfortunately they have completely different values so you ca n't do anything without one of them hating it .
i hereby award you the title of big oof .
when i do use korean learning apps i also write the information down in a note book tah t i have specifically for language learning but it 's kind of unorganized bc i jump from source to source .
his attempts to normalize the behavior and then make you feel bad about overreacting confirm how little respect he has for you or women in general .
i sure would n't want to be with someone who objectifies women with his bros for fun .
8.3k is very very close to the recommendation though so you could easily be doing 24 of the required damage and just need 1 guy at 8.8k to make up the difference .
this gets harder and harder as people go down though lots of people in the 7000s join my special rooms and with 9.1k i just ca n't make up for them when the other people are mid 8000s .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9mwmm5/fellow_guardians_would_you_wipe_out_half_the .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
6/10 it 's very good but i think you could add some detail and make it less flat and it would look perfect
i 've never seen suspiria and i 'll be going to see it this sunday on the closest thing my city has to imax .
they will ban you if you do it too much .
i go through around 7 audiobooks a month so that 's not feasible for me .
this sub needs more oc and posts which are n't complete crap .
my five year old asked last weekend dad why did you move out of the house and move to the city ?
like he thought i just did n't want to live with them or something .
i 've spent almost every weekend minus a handful with them since my wife and i split 4 years ago .
it seems you 've posted a huge wall of text ...
now the largest paragraph size is only 90 words instead of 463 words .
jbp gets the attacks mainly because he opposes intersectionality .
but by now was n't he supposed to be in gulag getting tortured to death because he did n't want to use preferred pronouns ?
how he was able to escape such a likely fate is truly amazing and very heroic .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a bolded tl dr .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/9lfm37/i_20f_feel_like_im_being_strung_along_by_another and include your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
they had to justify the 40 they spent to get on the elevator .
it is like one and a half days of their salary ca n't just let it be a memory
i think that would be just too much like john simm .
yes i 'd love to go to this sub and not be a repeat of the 100 'cool ' or 'woah ' type subs
better to go and find another school than force people to go against their morals and believes .
if a caster adlibs off script about probably i do n't speak korean how the cup was dirty nobody 's going to have the subtitles ready .
translators are n't real time though even a delayed translation would be better than no translation i 'll admit
your post has automatically been removed because your post 's title appears to be in breach of rule 6
clickbait or extremely vague titled posts will be removed .
reddit does not make it possible to edit titles so you will have to post again with a longer more descriptive title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fo76 if you have any questions or concerns .
we 're at the point that if there 's gon na be a zombie apocalypse .
i 'd be more worried about zombie ripping me apart rather than biting me .
if that 's what it takes for peace within our lifetimes why not ?
true and i guess if i knew that my rescuer was just going to ask and then be totally fine if i said no '' it would just be an uncomfortable 30 seconds .
but since i do n't know that if someone is mugging me and another guy beats him up and then turns to me and says hey i saved you dude now how about a kiss ? ''
i 'm not going to be uncomfortable '' i 'm going to be scared .
better than being mugged of course but not uncomfortable for 30 seconds '' either .
it is unfair and it 'll catch up eventually but i pour one out for your former boobs .
i quite like that my boobs have shrunk but i was small-chested most my life .
i was lucky to get karla on my free pull .
overall i am rather lucky with my free summons but seem to be a lot less lucky with the dozens or sometimes hundreds of orbs that i use afterwards .
for decades we 've offered financial incentives to young girls if they get pregnant and do n't stay in a relationship with the father .
as a result more of them have done so .
we ought to be promoting families as a better way better for individuals better for the children better for the state .
in morocco whenever there is a woman named atika '' do not trust her kids .
i do n't know much about arduino but from what i 've seen only 1 model has a built in bluetooth module and for the other models you need a hc-05 or a similar module .
not sure have n't thought to weigh it but as of lately i 've added the magpul ubr gen. 2 stock to it .
that plus the lantac e-bcg adds some considerable heft to it .
i condom people who just throw their condemns away like this .
and we 'll pay a fortune in salary to lure him over .
at that line i first thought of missy 's since he was a little girl '' one of those 3 comments was a lie bit .
not only do the regeneration numbers get wacky again but clara met the kid version of the doctor which appeared male the fact that 13 asked if being female suited her to me says this is the first time the doctor has been female .
but your comment about him at the time buying clothes for susan makes sense for that line .
bottled water also has an absolutely terrible environmental impact .
you realise casual players dont even care about the ee ?
do you literally only play the game for easter eggs ?
i do n't think that one can figure this stuff out as easily as you let on .
i do n't think you need to have played every legendary game ever made ultimately gaming is still largely a matter of taste so while playing all the great rpgs if you love rpgs does make sense playing street fighter 2 or virtua fighter when you have no interest in fighting games does n't do much .
if you 're just making a list of all the great games and then he can play whatever i 'd go with simply googling list of the top 10 best games on x '' lists and just compiling that .
for snes for example i 'd add super mario final fantasy 6 and/or chrono trigger street fighter 2 turbo at least or whatever other version f-zero mario kart star fox super metroid .
there 's a lot smaller games that are also excelent so it might be worth adding more stuff .
if you 're going as far back as atari you might also slap some nes and master system games in there also some genesis megadrive if not us games .
stuff like the original zelda original mario alex kid altered beast golden axe sonic all of them really megaman golden boy etc .
maybe some shining force too for a less developped genre .
i think offering more choice is probably better to find the kind of things they want to play specifically the genres they like and such .
pokemon has mostly been a portable series starting with gameboy games which has a few titles you 'd probably want too like zelda as usual and then ds/3ds .
why the fuck would you want to see a small white hairy dick with no balls ?
i head it 's america that started the whole weed ban and other countries followed it .
but some states of america have legalised it and now canada is realizing its mistake .
we are still behind in progressive thinking at large but i think its only a matter of time a lot of it .
it 's great that we can have a community ike this that makes you feel a little more normal !
sometimes it 's just a matter of having something to go on or the lack thereof .
tell them some things that you do n't mind them knowing or which their characters would know in-game already because they grew up in that world .
you guys will start in a village tavern some/most drawn from elsewhere by posters telling about quest hook
one of the main themes will be undead or dragons or this civil war or bla bla .
or tell them about some big events like an impeding invasion naming both factions and their general features or something else that they 'd know about and could base their pc around .
maybe say 'hey if you 're really pulling a blank on a character then choose a paladin of tyr or a rogue survivor of somecity or a mage from clichemagiccollege .
that will ensure that you fit in the campaign and will be more personally involved in the events to come . '
she also would have brought bedbugs to the boyfriend 's place .
i stopped playing ares in arena because it 's just too easy .
you seriously ca n't lose arena with an ares that knows what he 's doing .
pode-se também tirar outras conclusões subtis a classe docente em portugal está nas ruas da amargura pois só pensam em dinheiro sem olhar à qualidade do serviço que prestam pois são patrões deles próprios .
prova-se também que os critérios de selecção de professores estão incorrectos e que agora sim o dinheiro pago não é suficiente para atrair cidadãos competentes e qualificados a prestar serviço de elevada importância neste país que é ensinar .
2 nobody else most people do n't care about the use of the word nigga in the context of a movie quote .
yea probably but the layout looks like it suits a powered coaster quite well and it is marketed for children between 4 and 10 and i do n't think a launch is very suitable for that
it s about the use of gutenberg as in how accessible it is in the wp-admin area .
the output of gutenberg is basically the same as the previous editor and a11y issues on custom built gutenberg blocks are up to the developers of those blocks .
so if you 're not in a11y need yourself it wo n't change a thing
mitt inntrykk er at folk født etter 1995 er vesentlig dårligere til å forstå datamaskiner enn de som er født i perioden 1970-1995 .
var du født før 1970 så lærte du om datamaskiner dersom du studerte slikt på universitetet det var de med spesielle interesser for slikt som drev med dette .
det er disse folkene født 1940-1970 som har funnet opp nesten alt som i dag er i bruk datamaskiner internett programvare ... det meste .
så kom datamaskiner inn i heimen og de som er født 1970-1995 har vokst opp med datamaskiner og alskens digitale apparater som en stadig mer integrert del av livet .
alle de tingene som forrige generasjon fant opp vokser og blir integrert i alle deler av livet .
men ting er ennå så tidlig i livsløpet at det krever en god del kunnskap for å få det til å virke .
alle som vill henge med måtte lære litt lavnivå datakunnskap for å henge med og få ting til å fungere .
det er disse folkene som tok ideene til pioneerene og lagde software som definerer neste generasjon
de som er født etter 1995 har ikke opplev annet enn at telefoner kan kople seg opp mot all verdens kunnskap at datamaskiner stort sett bare virker .
det er liten grunn for disse å bruke krefter på å forstå hardware eller software .
men de er kløppere i å veve tjenestene som er skapt inn i sitt eget liv .
jeg tror det blir denne generasjonen som kommer til å abstrahere seg helt vekk fra hardware og software og kun kommer til å arbeide og leve i datastrukturer og finner opp kunstig intelligens .
og så er det de født etter 2020 ... . som vokser opp i en verden der de fleste digitale tjenester er modne og sannsynligvis intelligente .
som vokser opp med maskiner som er laget av maskiner hvor det ikke lenger er menneskelig mulig å forstå alle små detaljer med maskinene de bruker .
hvordan dette vil påvirke oss er vanskelig å spå men det vil ikke lenger være nødvendig eller mulig å forstå datamaskiner og digitalteknikk slik det er implementert for hvermannsen .
selv forståelsen av systemene vi bruker vil være delegert til andre systemer ikke mennesker .
technically but wwe plays fast and loose with nxt/main-roster continuity .
beautiful watch man recently got an 88 16234 myself and i constantly find myself just looking at it to see all the details .
sounds like they getting twice your purchase or you using a controller for blackout homie .
we used to have an alsatian who was happy to eat his own poop but if you gave him ham he 'd turn his nose up at it .
i never asked about his religious beliefs seemed a bit rude .
we wo n't get more than 60m for hazard if we sell him this summer
when the trading period ends they have to buy back the gvt tokens in the same value they have generated through trading .
easy example let 's assume gvt price stays same 1 week long
•the manager trades and ends his trading period 1 week and makes 10 profit .
now he has to buy your initial invested gvt 10 more gvt from the market price goes up more
now he hands you the gvt back with 10 profit and you have the decision if you want to sell hold on or reinvest .
most of us will reinvest so you can see why there would be positive buying pressure for the token if managers do well .
he just looked like the kind of guy who might 've .
people rerolling on dh expect to do huge dmg by pressing one button .
a good demonhunter needs alot awarness on ranges of abilty example jump out of a stun totem for defensive movement .
if take it serious you need watch for shortrange despell own team purge enemys and even care for interupts on your casts as a melee .
there arent many classes that need watch out for that many situations despell purge interupts and react besides shaman or warlock maybe .
most classes only have to deal dmg and cc .
indeed relatively small compared to the most viewed subs on this website .
do n't know why i got downvoted for stating my opposite opinion lol i was hoping maybe thered be someone who could provide some evidence it would be interesting .
a 6 foot tall 6-year old is one of the most incomprehensible things i 've seen .
if you buy it on psn will the patch be downloaded with the pre-load ?
for every classic you 've seen there 's 9 more bad shows on average .
then when you almost finish all the classics for the last 30 years including logh you 're forced to see sturgeon 's law in full action .
just remember that the classics you liked only survived because they were the good 10 of their era .
basically nobody 'turned away ' other than right wingers pretending to be progressives that 'walked away ' probably .
i ca n't speak for their honor as a business but i found blue ridge conversions a while back and they seem like they do good work .
the millers also just started doing other people 's conversions this year or last maybe ?
they 've put out a ton of content to help others .
i believe in a primal sense that impregnating a woman is like making her yours '' .
you watch cricket for long enough you realise the commentary is just more of the same every fucking match everywhere
intrebam doar pentru ca am auzit ca multi dintre cei mai vocali sustinatori a ideilor anti-gay sunt in the closet in negare .
se urasc atat de mult pe sine asta m-a facut sa te intreb incat simt nevoia sa ii urasca si pe ceilalti pentru a primi validare fie de la apropiati fie de la sine .
exemple ar fi ultra-conservatorul alex jones care a fost prins cu tranny porn pe telefon pomohaci episcopul de husi etc
the catholic church stopped banning books in 1965 after the second vatican council
a school may ban books but not for a religious reason backed up by the catholic church
but hp came on the list of banned books in the us in 2000 after parents wanted it to be removed from public and school library fir religious reason just for the facts huckleberry finn from mark twain is on the same list
hey dude you 're correct in that this post is absolute garbo and the sub definition you gave is spot on .
another solution for you spheres of power http spheresofpower.wikidot.com without the optional subsystems advanced talents and rituals mostly .
advanced talents are categorized by the fact they have world building implications .
basically it 's tier 3 or 4 magic only .
on mobile so wo n't type it all out but if it 's not a massive amount of lines as you 've indicated on original post it would be very quick to do a macro for this data .
its funny cause my experience with men is so completely different than what guys on reddit say .
most of my friends are guys and they are open emotionally and tell me whats true and not true etc .
this has nothing to do with patient care.. like getting in an accident while in one and being injured further .
this is for the paramedics ... who have a class action pending for compensation for missed lunch breaks ca requires xx minutes break per xx hours shift .. if they miss their break .
vote no if you want them to get paid .
wow just realized south korea has like 10 times more daily torrent downloads per 1million population than other countries .
the korean ones are mostly tv dramas but not sure what 's going on with x64 00 ve etc ones .
that is some crazy fate working through your life .
so glad you were there for the band your ex boyfriend and then boyfriend .
life is wild we just have to ride the wave sometimes .
you mean to say that he has n't had a concussion this whole time ?
linkedin is a good way to see who knows who at various places .
or post on facebook among friends that you 're looking for people who can make introductions .
big cat is 100 right about how they roll over for kfc .
did you know that we still do electroshock therapy ?
it 's a little more sophisticated than it used to be in the 70s and we call it deep brain stimulation dbi instead but it comes down to zapping the brain with an electric current in a series of shock .
no idea how it works although plenty of theories .
pretty sure people in the future are going to think of many current medicinal practices as medieval '' .
we get another shot at them in a few years .
the caves are beautiful but yes they look pretty similar .
i searched online about 'drogarati cave ' in real life thinking that it was listed as a historical location so better learn about it first before going in for maximum immersion .
but contray to its gorgeous real life counterpart the one in game is just another generic cave .
register to vote check your registration get ballot information and more at https votesaveamerica.com
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/esist if you have any questions or concerns .
the fox coming out was damn near inevitable when it comes down to it because he was totally screwed .
after the village gets wiped out in an instant i think her jumping to his aid is an undoubtedly awful decision for a shinobi but an incredible display of her character and her admiration for him .
still i think many of your points are very valid .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
yeah but this gives him a lot more legitimacy as he would n't be considered a puppet ''
explains why they removed hiccup 's beard from httyd 3 trailer
they really do n't like any other type of facial hair besides their own huh
i feel like this will be forgotten when it turns out he wins and people write editorials about how blah blah demographic did n't vote just like after 2016 the media ignored all the stories of voter disenfranchisement to write articles about how minorities caused trump by not voting .
david meylar plays for hull and is actualyl a fairly popular and good fifa streamer .
so basically if you want to trash talk you have to act like someone with the mentality of a 10 year old cool .
i 'm sorry to whoever wrote this but cleverly thought out witty insults are funny regardless of how mean '' they are .
they 're funny when they 're said towards me and they 're funny towards others .
dumbing them down makes them not funny and pointless to say .
they 're supposed to be insults why the fuck would you tone them down so much that they do n't mean anything ?
i mean my little sister and you suck insults ?
the method you described is a little more campy not to say its any better or worse .
my style differs in that i drop on the outskirts and loot up then search for a high ground bush .
i then wait for the circle to close and move around the perimeter looking for a new high ground bush in the new circle .
this will limit the enemies that you run into .
once i find a bush i keep lookout from my hill .
if i hear a fight i will sneak around trying to stay under cover and eliminate the survivor when they are weak .
i then follow the bush/highground method again until there are 5 or less left .
once its down to 5 people its all about high ground and trying not to be the first in a fight because then you are asking to get third partied and killed easily .
have n't won yet but i regularly get top 5 with 2 or 3 kills and a lot of times i have come 2nd with a good effort for the win .
whatever happened to that hero maker game i heard about years back is this it now or did nintendo destroy them .
ask your parents to take you to a psychiatrist .
you just need to learn the way of shitposting my friend .
if you browse a subreddit where you 're decently familiar with the topic say a tv show that you know all the references to you have to keep an eye out for new threads that can potentially reach that sub 's frontpage .
the next step is the hardest one making a comment that 's funny relatively unexpected yet relatable .
you can make an offensive off hand comment with a bit of random shock value or a meta '' comment where you somehow incorporate the theme of the sub into whatever reddit meme is popular that day/week .
you could also type out a relevant believable story that abruptly ends with something random .
if you have a sad life like me and spend way more time on this website than you should in my defense i have long public transport commutes to and from work you can develop a thing '' you 'll be eventually recognized for shoutout to r/dota2 it 's your former sexual deviant here .
i 'm not even sure why i 'm typing all this out you 're probably a normal human being and this is just gon na scare you away from this website .
oh well i contributed an entire karma for your cause .
if you name names then you 're blacklisted from ordering takeout
we just dont keep track of it cause it 's useless information but it 's still true .
no relationship needed in the same manner that you do n't have to be handy with a blaster to throw force lightning or physically strong to lift an x-wing out of a bog .
i suppose you could have both deceive and super-deceive .
if nothing else it makes for a good excuse at a second try which is something a story wo n't normally allow .
tell them you 're going to file a dol complaint and then call the dol .
you 're stacked at rb and chances are conner is done when bell comes back so i 'd absolutely take that .
if i am feeling more masochistic i will make a map of india 's population in the form of 36 canadas .
one day he gon ' see he let a ride or die go .
meanwhile she gon na live a blissful life dis nigga gon ' be broke asf
add a flair to your post if it meets one of the flair categories https redd.it/9d07f7 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/viennacircle if you have any questions or concerns .
i got so tired of ab i sold him for training to upgrade moss to 89 so if you have the same problems i 'd recommend that .
get a regular 510 threaded battery and a standard cartridge somewhere i think the hemp barn has some i use a tribe tokes cartridge myself
but being treated poorly by the central government because you 're the english speaking minority surely is ?
well your right about the kids however neither would be preferred
over 1000 in katrina 200 in camile the latter is when people learned to take storms seriously but it was in 1969 so most folks know nothing about it
manufacturing content is a reference to how our media filters out news .
they 're happy to talk about russia but ignore all american tax evasion .
if the company who made this was in russia you would have a point .
and i 'm pointing out rightfully that you guys would rather worry about another nation than your own .
the other knobs will be colour and contrast vhold etc im guessing .
i 'd need about 1 to 3m to build my dream house on my property and another 5 or so to live out my days without worry .
or a few hundred thousand to move to la and start an acting career without worrying about making ends meet until i make it big .
it 's premiering on disney 's upcoming streaming service which launches in late 2019 .
there 's been no definite release date for the service or the show however .
reddit and majority of it 's readers just ca n't handle non liberal commentary .
i live close to them we are 650 feet above sea level
next week users playing paladins through steam will be prompted to link their hi-rez account to their steam account .
linking your accounts allows us to better integrate with steam and sets us up for some really cool features we have planned
i was wondering when this was actually going to kick off .
i thought the linking had been broken which is why i was n't getting prompted .
plus this new functionality put us in a direction to implement ... wait for it ... cross-platform play !
those poor console players are probably going to get destroyed .
this is such a bad idea on so many levels .
i was defending my points until you decided that i am not an anarchist .
i was actually upvoting you and everyone else who commented until then .
i am going to ask for something of the same value in return always unless your life is in danger .
it is not against capitalism for me to save you if you are going to die .
in fact your anarchism '' is basically what you do in a family .
i 'm going to assume you are a democrat .
nothing wrong with that if you are and please let me know but leftist politicians have to come to the realization that government is required to legislate equality .
to be an anarchist you have to be against big government naturally right ?
it 's a 4.99 flat rate but there is a .25 cent shipping fee built into each card when you buy it .
so when you buy a card for 1.25 the card was a dollar but shipping was .25 .
i 've always disregarded it as it 's pretty minimal in the grand scheme of things but that 's just how my mind works when buying on there .
storing cards when you 've bought them is free i wait until i get 100 and ship so i get a 5 bonus for shipping that many .
storing cards you 've bought to flip are charged a penny a month if it 's over .75 .
shipping is penny sleeves unless you pay the .25 per top loader option on any amount of cards .
i only see it used when the chip is defunct .
they would be blamed for your behavior if a customer or the company president saw you and complained..
in the event of a misdemeanor it 's still common for the company to get dragged into it.. work and private life seemlessly intertwined..
well mine has n't suddenly popped up out on me yet so .
you can use your top to kind of cover it better so no one can really even see it .
while with the pant leg there 's really no way to hide it .
it also goes down a hell of a lot quicker pointing up .
as it 's crammed down your leg and constantly chafed if your moving .
for me i have to readjust or i 'll never go soft if it 's down my leg .
if you wear pajamas i guess it could pop out if your big enough .
but really it would be just as noticable going out your leg aswell .
keeps it all smug down there so even if i get hard it 's not super noticable .
i just do n't see why people want it to be more noticable .
like with jeans it 's very hard to even tell if your hard when it 's up compared to being able to see a very good outline going down your pant leg lol .
i just hate it when i get hard going anywhere but up .
i have to adjust or it 'll be very noticeable .
i kind of know zach lowe i know that he 's one of the better reporters out there and i actually did agree with most of what he said .
the difference was that he summed it up as we should be a good team but last playoff 's performance is more significant so we might not actually be that good while i do n't think that series was a true example of us .
it 's understandable and i 'd do the same as a newbie .
i know this about myself and is partially why i 'd rather enter market after a bear market and a new bull market is confirmed .
it was meant to be tevin was meant for meee so that means we got ta make it work
this is the only song i 've ever heard and immediately started tearing up .
my dad and i were really close and i felt really lost for a long time after he passed away .
now we know that the song is n't about a loved one passing away and there are a lot of feminine pronouns but the chorus still put a lot of words to the feelings i 'd had .
with that low it will be faster ime but im not 100
so below the sulfur dioxide are there enough bacteria to decompose things ?
such a shame that microsoft let the piss poor developer bluehole have rights to such a huge game .
tera is just as horrible as pubg is i dont know what microsoft was thinking .
hockiefan40 is also the name of a reddit account last used 4 years ago when the datpiff account was last used as well that seems to love weed .
lmfao please tell me 16 players better than kyrie irving
for the longest time i denied that this type of thing was n't normal i just though i had trouble with remembering stuff and i just thought a lot .
but i did acid once and just how clear my thoughts were how they were n't jumbled and all over the place all the time how i could just think about one thing showed me there was actually other ways of being able to think rather than a jumbled mess of thoughts that go from one thing to another so fast i ca n't really grasp what i 'm thinking about .
saw a team that had 1 player predicting invasions based on where the adds were currently spawning and actively trying to be behind '' the invader spawn .
if they are behind the invader the invader is oblivious and pretty well will die instantly .
is it just me or do the zombie green darts feel stiffer and deform less than the regular old blue ones ?
yea i saw this i 'm sort of taking a gamble with the buy .
yeah thats not the problem her young appearance is .
there would n't be a free it 's after a goal only .
they 'd just wait until everyone was where they were supposed to be .
i 'm pretty sure the pope would have something to say about a devout catholic advocating the death penalty .
get that big pay day and that 's the final accomplishment .
sad to have that much god given talent and not put it to full use imo .
dude can be great but it 's up to him
spooktober is about spooky things therefore spooktober is a time to bring back dead memes
video ends ... come on and fight back ! ! !
hmmm okay not sure if it 's actually a bot trying to entice as it 's a chinese faction name on a na server ... in which case we might be doomed if it 's programmed to entice at any cost .
just say ok '' turn your backs to him and ignore him .
he purposely does that to get a rise out of you and/or for attention .
this is a test to perform.. https i.imgur.com/kvix0vq.jpg with a digital volt meter .
this is a video of replacing the battery and the terminal clamps.. https youtu.be/1kqgmgbsicq
you may be able to like on other dodges remove the headlight assembly to access the top of the battery to clean and service terminals from above..
with 85 gaining at least half of the weight back it 's an important reminder that a lifestyle change is still needed to maintain the change .
i was never that impressed by any other english fast bowler in that era i 'm thinking more late 90s and early 00s here except him .
that 's fine if you do n't finish it then i 'll have a reason to make more edits .
us milspec is lightyears ahead of almost anything else that is n't swiss though .
a plain milspec ar trigger is actually pretty decent once the grit is worn down or better yet polished up a bit .
imo viewing a child as your own does n't mean taking the place of his mother .
i view both of my so sons as my own but like you would never want to replace their moms .
with respect to what it takes for software support yes they do .
samsung owns their own fork of the android open-source platform .
notwithstanding drivers for hardware they do n't control like broadcom wi-fi chipsets samsung has everything they need to support exynos devices with android updates indefinitely if they wanted to .
yeah but hopefully they can also dissipate the heat more quickly .
fuck yeah i 'd love to watch her dance for me in that outfit 'til she is fucking drenched in sweat then have her get on top of me and get her workout in on my cock .
that sexy voice one of the hottest i 've ever heard .
maybe it 's that perma makeup shit like that everything proof '' lipstick that fucking people get on my bar glasses and i got ta use an industrial grinder to remove
i will point out as i believe others have that i do not think your definition of christianity is a universal one .
when people say false christian '' they mean many different things yours being only one example from many .
the whole point of the expression is that bliss requires a lack of knowledge about actual reality .
in other words to be blissful is to be incorrect .
i do n't have a service dog and am not sure how i would get one .
you can buy your way into any club by reserving a table .
there 's just enough per ng cycle to unpetrify everything .
although technically you can get an extra one by resetting freja with an ascetic and killing the duke .
if your facility level is n't high enough the sum of all the levels of things in your halidom then you ca n't upgrade your castle .
the u.s. presidency was at one point described aptly as a constitutional battering ram '' .
i smell the bullshit too but i do n't think it 's a a small dick humiliation femdom fantasy poster .
think it 's just a bog standard troll baiting one of the easiest fish on reddit—small dick insecurity .
i always like the saying never test the depth of the water with both feet '' .
oh man the worst feeling is forfeiting right before they tell you to .
i always want to take it back and finish the game .
i love how the scribbles form into clusters around the facial features and then just go wild around the hair .
the thing that stood out to me the most is the size of that forehead though haha
fucking beta your just giving him money for playing ow lol
lucky-to-be-here it 's easy to be submerged under all the bad media and negativity but we also need to remember how lucky we are to be on this earth and most importantly to be able to go on reddit d
ya maybe i was wrong in that all men think this way but lets not pretend like men are n't attracted to underage girls .
we 're supposed to be thankful for getting a late codex a replacement for a mini that 's 22 years old and has n't had wysiwyg rules in 20 of them and less new kits than there are primaris releases ?
oh and grukk with a new name in kt .
ork players are unhappy because new gw™ has turned out to be much like the old one but with a facebook page for us .
they 've been saying we 'll fix it soon™ for a while now and a lot of players who were buying it are n't anymore .
sadly the graphite pads do n't usually match something like kryonaut let alone liquid metal .
they just do n't perform optimally with light pressure mounting solutions like those found in laptops .
my guess is you 're seeing better gains because of the warped heatsink and if you lapped that you would see better temperatures with more traditional pastes .
tell me what i should do with my free day tomorrow !
i have a home for sale near smithville lake about as close as you can get to the lake .
you can be married to 4 people at once ?
she 's 3-2 has 1 fight/victory in the ufc .
does that really qualify as 100 earned her shot '' ?
it amazes me some of the decisions of people and organizations with a shitload of money .
the money was better off in my pocket i knew how to spend it better. the wolf
i do n't know about first sight but me and my current so got very close very quickly .
both head over heels in less than a month .
was n't that supposedly a member of the insane clown posse ?
please keep in mind that this subreddit is called r/accidentalracism .
it 's for pictures of things that are not actually racist but in a certain connotation can be taken the wrong way .
further please report any comments where anyone is complaining that in some contexts the accidental racism is innocent or tenuous or that it 's not racism .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/accidentalracism if you have any questions or concerns .
is it me or is this jonsey dude really really reckless
okay what is wrong with grapes with the skin on you got a fucking problem ?
i think it 's a great idea i 'm unable to contribute due to lack of information but i do feel that they are spouting rubbish and sometimes wonder if kratz is on there ... .. it 's the kinda rubbish he would come out with for sure
we 've seen it many times over the last week https imgur.com/a/qx46bkw but this is the original post .
in fact we 've seen it so much that you 're being banned for 5 days because you ca n't read simple rules .
please read the sidebar and sort by top and new to check before posting next time .
i would love to know how it 's done as i have a really bad back lol
check server replay to see if your hit is actually registering .
i usually can get ammo detonation but i prefer turret face shots .
after getting sick of low pen of aphe i much prefer using apds to systematically disable a tank .
do n't wan na open it because i do n't need a solution but does it say where can i find in-game hints ?
a popup concert was announced in the afternoon we raced to brussels like a bunch of roadrage assholes stood in line from 8 to 1am got in with maybe 300 ppl and partied with prince until 5am .
at least try to maintain some shred of rationality and/or dignity
i figure i 'll judge people on their taste in movies once i acquire some myself .
i think weird animal thing '' is a person holding hands to his eyes to signify see . ''
i understand that there is only one more season of tma but i maybe wrong
she did n't but 8-9 years ago people were n't complaining about everything on the internet and acted like it 's the most important thing in their lives .
just remember mcveigh viewed his bombing as a success even up to his execution .
in theory but theres a chance ggg just capped it at 20 .
or if you constantly run around letting yourself get stabbed just to see how high the bar can actually go .
did that once though i do n't think that 's how stabbot is supposed to work .
if i open rear ramp in space will my rover be blown out with atmosphere ?
venting the ship doesnt mean you have to explosively decompress it everytime .
you mean what will happen when his friends find our he 's wearing this shirt add or not .
hexagon have a lot of benefits over the geohashes e.g .
equal area size at the time i was experimenting with it uber has released the h3 library but has not finished the python bindings then .
they are now available at https github.com/uber/h3-py https github.com/uber/h3-py i should be fairly simply to swap the code bits in my script .
michael the archangel is a creation of god just like we .
his son who he bore out of his bosom .
the only begotten son who is in the bosom of the father he has declared him .
yet michael the archangel in contending with the devil when he disputed about the body of moses dared not bring against him a reviling accusation but said the lord rebuke you !
but after christ sacrifice god layed everything to jesus christ so he says .
for to which of the angels did he ever say you are my son today i have begotten you ?
and again i will be to him a father and he shall be to me a son ?
but when he again brings the firstborn into the world he says let all the angels of god worship him*.
has in these last days spoken to us by his son whom he has appointed heir of all things through whom also he made the worlds
who has gone into heaven and is at the right hand of god angels and authorities and powers having been made subject to him .
the archangel michael is the greatest of all angels who will be used in the battle of fallen angels in the day of coming of christ on earth .
yawn got to this page detailing the use of one-man-operation trains from around the world from a single google search and selecting the first link .
my favorite line in the series is linda to bob c'mon bahby .
tina waited a long time to get to the front of the line .
here 's the thing go back and read the original players and storytellers guides .
in the st guide gargoyles and blood brothers were introduced basically to fill the role of unnamed antagonists .
meanwhile the players guide presented the 4 independent clans as actual things whereas the bloodline were examples of how to create your own bloodlines .
the first way is to find a need in the chronicle and fill it salubri .
the second way is to think of a character concept that does not easily fit into the clans and form a bloodline around it samedi .
the third way is to invent a discipline to add to a chronicle and then to create a form of vampire around it doc .
so based on the above i 'd expect the clans to all appear maybe not playable in the case of ravnos while the only bloodlines i expect to see are those with metaplot importance baali and salubri .
that said i can see the samedi officially rolled into the giovanni/capidocian fold and possibly the doc finally rolled into the malkavians .
i drafted larry fitzgerald amari cooper and doug baldwin .
http imgur.com/m2hc0py my st andrews cross normal gets lots of attention when i get it out .
it breaks down to three pieces that fit in the back seat of my car .
the austin-healey sprite is a small open sports car which was produced in the united kingdom from 1958 to 1971 .
the sprite was announced to the press in monte carlo by the british motor corporation on 20 may 1958 two days after that year 's monaco grand prix .
it was intended to be a low-cost model that a chap could keep in his bike shed '' yet be the successor to the sporting versions of the pre-war austin seven .
the sprite was designed by the donald healey motor company with production being undertaken at the mg factory at abingdon .
it 's the most disgusting skin that robs 20 from you .
how about a new rule no more bunny posts ever anywhere on reddit .
because no matter whats happening that bunny is going to be stressed out hurt dying being possessed by a demon etc .
she was on a lot of medication i do remember that .
however watching someone ignore mechanics and make obviously bad decisions is infuriating .
its why i struggle with game grumps these days .
they will spend 11 minutes doing nothing then end the episode .
heart of darkness is my favorite gg series because arin seems to be trying his damndest to win and that makes each victory exciting .
but watching someone fail at simple mechanics for entertainment value is the oppsite of entertaining .
i hope they will have a beta to test the econony and fix as many exploit as possible .
once you go live and ca n't reset the persistence even a small error could fuck up the economy
bernie sanders needs to do a global buddhist tour to inspire the millennials !
freezes for 5 seconds or so after backing out of a menu .
sometimes people will ask me if i 'm a mom and i do n't know how to respond .
i do n't want people to assume i 've parented a child because i have n't but i still formed that bond .
this is n't pre-existing debt this is debt that was taken on while they were married .
elevator has been around since the late 90 's they know what they 're doing and not going anywhere .
pushing my raider io and progressing mythic uldir is the last rewarding thing i get from wow .
the rewards i get from the game itself are just shit .
i invest hours and push my limits and got the 5th week nothing i could wear from my weekly chest and only 3 items from mythic uldir .
ppl who do nothing get 395 trinkets with socket .
my guess is his ci/cd pipeline pushes the latest module to an internal powershell gallery .
end users can then pull the latest version of the module directly from that internal repo making it easier to share and for end users to pull the latest version of the module .
the only other optino i can think of is his pipeline copying the module out to whatever location he needs .
i honestly do n't see what 's wrong with it i think it looks dope
so the right pic is n't good because of the face i 'm pulling i guess .
i can see exactly where you 're coming from i look grumpy as shit in that picture lol .
if you had to choose between left or middle for which style suits me best what would you say ?
my point was that this is something that 's been going on for years ...
and then realizing how ridiculous the concept of an acid washed denim dress was in retrospect and donates it to goodwill .
do you have any pics of your women so we can relate ?
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/makeuporganization question about a makeup desk or vanity ... https www.reddit.com/r/makeuporganization/comments/9n9h32/question_about_a_makeup_desk_or_vanity
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
it is not the governments place to protect us from ourselves nor is it the purpose of taxes to control behavior .
it 's nice that those rates are down but we should n't celebrate this plus as someone who lives in nevada i can tell you that this does n't totally mean less people are dieing .
the dwarves by markus heitz 5 tribes across the world each well-versed in special trades like gem-cutting masonry and fighting .
i 'm used to seeing blasting only to get through ledge/bedrock .
this is just loosening the soil not removing it right ?
with all the extra crews drilling rigs etc how is this more efficient/faster than just excavating the trench ?
it does n't look like there is bedrock there but maybe there is and my growing up in a place with hills and mountains does n't understand what the flat lands are like .
this site in particular has very few and very non-invasive ads .
i do n't know that it actually made the front page but i remember a post making fun of it that made it to the front page and i think that might be where the confusion is .
when i think about this i get completly mindfucked since i cant think of what happens when you die .
like you cant just lie there and be dead because you wouldnt know your dead .
i kinda think you just get reborn but not in some fortune teller budhist way .
like your just born and have no memory of what happened in your previous life .
i have the xbox one x do you think i 'll get to experience the game with detail like you guys ?
it 's feminism groups like r/feminism that give actual feminism a bad wrap .
there 's no talking to them about what equality really means .
yeah i 've met some people like this already luckily i kept my distance because i noticed their weird behavior .
it would be a heck of a lot harder to break if it did n't have glass on both sides .
never used a case on my lumia 930 dropped it multiple times ... even on tile and concrete ... .dented it a little bit scratched it a bit but never broke it .
nexus 5x never used a case definitely dropped it a few times and aside from some handling wear it looks basically new .
i 've never used a case on a phone until i got a note 8 because i was so afraid of the glass back breaking and all the durability reviews id read said that and the s8 were some of the least durable phones ever made .
the s8 in i believe squaretrades durability testing was the first phone ever to break on the first drop of every one of their drop tests ... .
glass is a horrible material to make a phone out of you can try to justify it all you want but its a horrible material to use .
yes i was reading over that and then went ohhhh uhoh and hit an edit .
gaves with mp trophies have to be done asap always
yes but the surge in pitchfork sales massively outweighed the policing cost
the right thing to do is always the hardest and i 'm proud you had the gumption to do the right thing and walked away .
nah the best part are people thinking this was an honest post and dont get the reference
the subreddit did n't get nuked it 's still accessible but with standard css .
yo bro hit me up with that tape when you can ?
some million years ago watch some dinosaurs eat each other try to ride one and get stomped to death something like that .
i have several puts 80-260 and march through september 2019 .
yea there 's an in game/lore based zodiac of sorts i think it 's 2 months per element .
i also do n't think that list is 100 accurate because i feel like one or two units i 've seen have october dates listed .
early 2019 because the christmas retail season is going to be a disaster .
the trade wars have hammered rural areas hard as farmers are not able to sell their products .
this is going to cause the rural agriculture ares to be very cautious in their retail spending during the christmas season .
i 've tried to play this game multiple times but the fact that it wo n't god damn run on my pc and crashes over and over is why i 'm disappointed in it .
and it 's definitely not my rig i 've got an adequate processor and a 1060 6gb card should definitely run this dumb game .
suck my mexican dick is now a favorite expression of mine .
i do n't recall my doctors ever connecting them to the migraines though that would make sense .
i got severe migraines frequently as a child but they mostly chalked it up to me having needed glasses for years before i actually got them .
but i played sports as a kid and had a few mild concussions as a result .
at least one whopper where i had the full spectrum mild memory loss nausea etc .
it would definitely make sense though as an adult now i get the ocular migraines more frequently than a classic migraine as in it 's not usually coupled with pain and nausea just the visual snow and light sensitivity .
while demanding that women not wear religious symbols when riding a bus is ludicrous .
by climate change i 'm going to assume you are not talking about weather .
awhile ago there was a european minister that actually gave an date when climate change was irreversible or something like that .
he was talking about the climate or the mood of the world second definition of climate
anyway using that definition of climate change i would focus on
post g1-pre wk iwgp heavyweight title matches can be difficult ones .
in the last few years we 've seen marufuji evil and ishii challenge but the problem is there is 0 chance of them winning and main eventing the dome so it 's hard to be truly invested in the match or the outcome .
on its own it was a really good three way .
and we all know how successful sls is going to be .
this was an enjoyable read and i am glad you took the time to share this on the thread .
i knew something was up when i started reading in eris 's voice .
he was indeed jos verstappen https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jos_verstappen he was michael schumacher 's team mate at benetton in 1994 the year the michael won his first of 7 world titles .
jos is possibly best remembered for this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hdyun_cuqja when his benetton b194 caught fire during refuelling .
i would n't be too upset if i pack him .
i also have the same wallet and i got cope wintergreen
that 's my epic name i think ... my gt is krutzmann !
seriously i wo n't mind if the new track is n't super dark and emotional as long as it 's good and feels fresh .
i was listening to a zen talk podcast recently from either sf or chicago and the person first introduced herself by her name the gender pronouns she prefers to be identified with and then also her flair for the week '' which was anger '' .
i was like what the holy f\*ck is happening to people ?
i was waiting for the laughter like it was a joke but the person was serious .
this was opposed to a different zen podcast where they talked about high-level stuff without preferences for a particular position and let the people figure out their political position themselves .
zen is supposed to tell you how to think not what to think .
i 'm starting to think they gave them mdma .
if they 're going to make john an asshole in this game i want to see what change john into the man that we see in the first game .
i 'm pretty certain he was saying it as a joke .
without going too much in detail you can find plenty of resources about wave management basically when waves meet one another the direction they will push is all about numbers .
if your side has more minions it will push towards the enemy turret .
if the enemy has killed some of your minions when the waves meet it will push towards you .
once you understand that basis there are many ways you can manipulate the wave for slow/fast pushes .
you can also try to freeze the lane to make sure you can farm safely or starve your opponent of farm .
knowing the ins and outs of wave management can be useful but only if you are able to set waves up in right situations .
complexities aside mid in most cases wants to farm and push the wave in when it comes to backing/roaming .
you want your wave to be pressuring their turret so the enemy has less time to respond when you roam .
when a wave hits a tower the tower shots will take minions out and the enemy minions will start to push towards your tower .
you want this when backing because by the time you buy and walk back to lane the minions wo n't be as far out from your tower .
the capitals are our arch rivals and i hate them .
as of now the firetruck is gone there is a police officer out there now sitting on the side of the road .
the police officer told me they have notified georgia power and that 's all he knows .
hopefully you 've lost some weight that ca n't be good for you .
joking aside the gameboy only weighed 14 ounces ya weakling .
imagine if a shipment of these ever got to the tower !
almost every opinion i hear from almost everyone is reactionary and identity based .
the trick is to not form strong opinions about what you are n't informed about and being humble enough to be ok with that .
if danny smells on the regular.. imagine his stench at this party.. 😳
i 'll be buying a new phone next year probably the s10
i 'm not sure but we 're only subscribed to netflix and prime so i suspect it 's one of them .
they might have just been watching on youtube but i do n't think so .
would you rather be a pirate or a ninja ? people have interestingly strong opinions about it once they really start talking .
can i ask what made you switch that way ?
i 'd heard some talk that server infrastructure and networking are more stable positions as they ca n't really be outsourced as easily ?
also not sure if the salary is a lot better in programming or anything like that .
admittedly the people making the server and networking jobs sound good to me have an interest in doing so so i 'm unsure if that part was accurate .
yeah i want my victims to know i live a rather clean life
congrats on the win st. louis now all you have to do is not lose against okc and you 're in the playoffs .
just like how northrop grumman fucked the james webb space telescope with budget 8x over and timeline 2x years in the red .
ik this is a joke but abortion is quite a bit of money she could just get plastic surgery
what game has had those numbers in the past several years other than fortnite or league ?
that guy has no fucking clue what he 's saying or is a terrible troll
i do n't think it has to do with not having supportive friends though although i see your point !
i have amazing friends who would never judge me .
but i often do n't tell them about my fights with my boyfriend i just do n't want them worried about me or my relationship .
they have my back but i do n't want them getting the wrong idea about my relationship because they only hear the problems .
could you imagine a gap between you and your hands
if not you will of course have to apply through a consulate elsewhere .
young children do n't necessarily understand words but can pick up on body language and tone of voice very quickly .
i have 2 youngish boys and i guess they have n't really been exposed to anyone sketchy but they generally stay pretty close when we are out .
i 'm no one and you should n't care .
but if you ca n't understand the difference between the two statements that 's on a judgement on you not me .
i was n't happy in banking and decided i wanted to get into the cannabis business .
i figured i 'd start with what i currently was taking which was hemp derived cbd .
all the cbd sales jobs were strictly commission based and i figured why work for someone else when i can do this myself ?
one option if you 're not ready to unfriend is to restrict '' people so they can only see your public posts .
if you go into your facebook settings you can select people to restrict .
you can also unfollow them if you do n't want to see them on your timeline .
however i do n't think there 's anything wrong with unfriending your in laws .
you 're not obligated to stay connected to anyone you do n't want to be .
get me a head of garlic and a pound of butter stat !
i 've yet to pop one of these things off .
i 've seen this decently often with the skip app when i 've ordered myself .
if possible i 'd interact directly with the restaurant .
i just rejailbroke my 7 on 11.1.2 and my x on 11.3.1 with snowboard installed no issues .
does ur friend have 2 knees or are their legs 5 ft long ?
if it was damaged in shipping it can be returned for free .
that version of mad max had been very cheap at retail for a long time now too .
it has been said that given enough time ten thousand monkeys with typewriters would probably eventually replicate the collected works of william shakespeare .
sadly when you are let loose with a computer and internet access your work product does not necessarily compare favorably to the aforementioned monkeys with typewriters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't believe you 're getting down voted .
i swear half of basketball fans do n't actually care if you 're good .
used a code back from the early referral page thread .
and then when you call her out she just cannawt believe you would say that ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
your team is one of the more talented tbh ca n't really play that card anymore
omg this is why i smoke weed just so i do n't have the power mentally to think that much ... maybe i should do some more research thank you for your comment .
i know there 's a club that plays for hours on saturdays .
all i know is that two of my roommates go and play saturdays .
if you want to message me your number i can give it to him so you could link up if you 'd like .
its fun for 10 minutes then its just meh .
the banana split game will be played again sometime though .
it sounds like something similar to dungeoneering is in the works ... the gauntlet or something like that ?
a carbon tax is a market solution to reducing pollution .
well i do n't know about at thd begining of the fight but by the end it was both
or you know any program that does n't use gtk or qt like pycharm or simply does n't use file requesters at all like steam .
the skull trooper was originally 1200vbucks and only ppl who bought it then would have the thanos trooper so technically the price would be 3200vbucks ?
yes really love the ideas although the movie 's storyline is a little cheesy .
make protesting illegal lock up those that stand up and fight .
protest now vote in november and keep up pressure .
not sure if this is what you 're thinking of but there was a case somewhat recently and i think it was france but it got a little distorted in the reporting .
they do have a minimum age so the guy went to prison and everything .
but people were upset that because the government presented no evidence the girl was actually unwilling it could n't be charged as rape '' which carries a longer sentence .
despite the term statutory rape '' it 's really pretty normal to handle these crimes separately .
that 's how it works in most of the us too .
i 've been experiencing a lot of disappointments will something positive happen soon ?
i was just genuinely complimenting the guy 's performance he was funny .
goldschmidt just is n't a fit here as good as he is .
we do n't need to go all in next season like that anyway and first base is already set with carpenter .
your dog looks like it 's having a rendering error .
have you upgraded video card drivers since you last played ?
my mother only added a dash of each spice .
i always dreaded chilli night because it tasted so bland .
when i met my partner i discovered just how good chilli can be if you actually spice it properly .
nah man it 's public if he 's on insta .
his home address or phone number would be personal stuff you do n't just give away like that .
if you dont have friends you will likely get bored after 100 hours or 200 .
however with friends can make the game much more longevity
do n't even care about the substance or emotion of either .
what is the funniest moment from rick and morty ?
off top of my head photography raptor 's mere existence/little bits/personal space where the alien in the back row pumps his fist along to the tv show/“slavery with extra steps .
as others have said futurama 's episode total alone makes it a better show because you know it 's a good show ... so add in the fact that it 's got so many more hours of material to enjoy .
but you 're young so 20-30s is old for you so you were right to guess older .
do you mind if i do a summary for you ?
i 'll give it a try and give you gold .
which of course you know is meaningless because you 're a bit of a realist with a healthy amount of cynicism .
if wrestlers go there to take it easy that would be awesome .
but they threw steen off the top of a cage so ...
i 'm not sure if that 's the case .
they still do big spots in wwe and lots of floor spots which can injure people super quick .
they 're meant to stop working after a 2-3 years .
where did he admit he went into debt when sam was born ? !
i 'm actually pretty happy with the titan sets .
vanguard is meh and the crucible set would be great if not for the ridiculous shoulder pads .
i absolutely love the paladin look from dreaming city .
in this thread no one who has ever been to africa .
yeah died my jugg warrior to ice sphere from running on it with speedy confuse and darkness and slow and shit .
also you could have suggested for deca to take away the waves in cemetary cuz the only waves that can kill but can only kill new characters are last wave of 2nd boss last wave of 3rd boss and last wave of 4th boss not talking about the bosses themselves .
country borders consist mainly of private property belonging to citizens .
libertarians understand it is the right of the private property owner who they choose to invite onto their property not a tyrannical government .
anyone else love how round their ears are as babies ?
if it doesnt come up ok then paint it .
om du tycker att jag passar där för att jag har heder nog att komma i tid och inte störa föreläsningar för andra 24/7 så är nog din definition skev .
and why do you not wish to to tell me ?
seeing as butters goes on top and soaks in bread ... ..
but is it gon na be eekachu or peevee ?
let me know when you 're high and ill get high too and we 'll smoke together across the world .
the amount of detail they put blows the entire ugc stuff out of the water .
since the ugc stuff is just drawings so the look flat .
for example the ribbons and bow tie popping out of the shoe looks cool
i have never once clicked that button out of pure fear .
is the hate for it exaggerated or is it really this bad ?
no doubts there absolutely loved slow dancing in the dark
it 's good the strawberry is subdued by the hummus but the hummus is countered by the strawberry .
check my post history guess i 'm playing the long con ¯ ツ ¯ how do i know you are female ?
i 'm sure we can find some that are lined with plastic right ?
what you do n't understand is the people of california are fed up of wasteful government spending and are finally putting their foot down and saying no .
not pleasant to even have a drop it irritates !
i do n't usually drink gasoline but when i do ...
back to the quiet twilight of book one when there was still hope for this relationship
call them out directly on their comment not a separate thread .
they honestly probably wo n't see it and wo n't care if it 's indirect
wait and watch bahut tharki hain apni cricket team mein .
pretty sure lots of sports authority officials will also get accussed who work directly with female athletes .
it 's a shame that i do n't remember the exact river lake ?
i used to swim in as a kid but i do remember walking around morgantown and enjoying the beautiful scenery of wv .
thank you for your kindness 3 i ca n't wait explore either .
if that 's the case i 'm going on a shopping spree
just happened last night ... . lost about 15 games in a row because everyone got their crits and and dodges ... all i got was fucking purussaurus anyway in sorna.at least im getting shit that i 'll use in lockdown and potentially badlands
there has been situations where russia could 've had a more distributed power structure which is necessary for a democracy to form however historically the tsar was able to trump all noble and religious power therefore maintaining a despotic rule that was not based on some rules and regulations while for example in absolute france the king was absolute as in control of all the branches of the government but still had to abide by the rule of law .
some examples include the early orthodox church which was quite powerful in muscovy or the noble democracy that existed in novgorod .
that is why democracy never sprouted in this country and other similar countries as well .
for example lithuania and poland historically had a very powerful nobility and a weak king and burgeouisie therefore a balance of power was not there to establish a proper democratic government it was technically a republic but only for the elites .
please do n't downvote i do n't like losing karma
tl looking like a top 4 team in their groups so not a bad finish for them at all tbh .
i always thought that rockstar 's mentality towards racing has changed after gta v. they might think why would i invest resources in another midnight club when i have gta a more profitable franchise that can essentially be a racing game '' .
and when you think about it gta v had the more focus in racing and driving than any other gta .
do it my dads doing the same today lol ... . also getting him into trst and ogi
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobs if you have any questions or concerns .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
that is something i never knew i needed until now
yeah they posted it as a joke it 's not a woosh
most people are blaming the quarterback or the oc but that line is atrocious .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hisd if you have any questions or concerns .
it was n't a ban ... new to wsb you have to wait 7 day rofl
click here to vote to approve https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wsbvotebot subject=restore message=9njs3s if this is n't really a post that violates guidelines .
the volunteer moderators involved will be punished so do n't do this lightly .
i also play neverwinter with my friend and we 're both fairly new so you 're more than welcome to join our adventures .
feast or famine https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/ddj/72.jpg ? 1517813031 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=feast 20or 20famine sf https scryfall.com/card/ddj/72/feast-or-famine ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/92105bc6-b64a-4bdc-99fe-7a2ccdbd4486 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
sword of feast and famine https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/md1/10.jpg ? 1517813031 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=sword 20of 20feast 20and 20famine sf https scryfall.com/card/md1/10/sword-of-feast-and-famine ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/9b370b3f-ae0d-4744-8b3d-3c48c81c1326 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
idk what you do to make money but hell sign me up !
in the same world where that team is the reigning world champions lol .
means jack shit given that they 're 0-2 with a loss to eu trash
fnc got dumpstered the west is garbage korea has a worse record than na and china are 7-0 .
lets hope that your precious ig win the entire tournament or at least the group to back up your extraordinary claims .
they wo n't because they 're not as good as rng or possibly kt
they sure as shit are better than any western garbage tho .
what if you just chum down on some boiled water
i am using multiple audio interfaces so i have about 18 outputs and 12 intputs .
in ableton i 'm routing these outputs into the mackie this makes the mackie my mixdown machine thus i have analog summing .
the ableton trick see picture helped me having an extra stereo right now reverb and delay .
i am controlling them with the aux 3 and aux 4 on my mackie .
bought the mackie for analog mojo for my old-school nyc/detroit/chicago house and techno productions .
a western team has always made it out of groups
would n't the greater community benefit of something more in the internet ?
you could be a group that has weekly meetings .
en nyt tiedä mitä tähän voi edes sanoa jos olet tosissasi sitä mieltä että näin laaja mielipide on vain joku feministien yhdessä sopima salajuoni siitä millä kysymystä paetaan .
how in the world would this data be gathered ?
i 'm legitimately asking since a significant portion of sexual assault cases in court do not lead to a conviction .
the 2-8 number is the demonstrably false accusations number .
however i would argue that cases that do n't lead to a conviction offer at least a number of ambiguous cases .
they 're downvoted because t does n't add anything meaningful to the conversation .
that 's whats what voting is used for on reddit .
you clearly have no idea what is going on in the port lands if you think that 's a model to apply to lands where golf courses exist .
comment her too then ... definitely stay with the glasses but i recommend stay with the smile even more i did n't even recognize you !
i have 100,000 heard musicians gripe about a film with a million dollar budget asking musicians to license their music for free aka exposure .
did you ask the camera man to work for free ?
you have millions of dollars and you do n't want to pay me anything for my music because you 're doing me a favour ?
i 'm not saying there is no musician who would take this offer but many would be super offended .
i do n't have a lot of time right now and i know this is n't a big budget hollywood blockbuster like avengers or something but here is a a quick example i found and i doubt this guy would be responding differently if it was the avengers
i get 40 to 60 and when i 'm lucky 20 ping .
but i 'm still garbage at this game cuz of my aim
on february 27th 2013 our first child was born at 31 weeks .
her name was arielle and i think of her almost daily .
my wife and i have a 4 year old girl and a 2 year old boy both of them fortunately healthy but the pregnancies were very stressful .
last year my wife and i agreed that i would do a vasectomy .
our family is now complete and also forever incomplete .
if i can help or answer any questions anyone has i 'll gladly help .
and of course thank you byakuyabankai for this post .
i feel like an unmentioned part of it is that if you run a faculty in the ground students tend not to be interested in it .
i think a lot of cosplay women are simply assumed to turn men on .
i think kird ape and fellwar could easily go to 30 for nm a piece .
if this is just a picture please see r/pics .
if this is a question please use the question thread in the stickies .
if this is a link to your site or to your video your post will not be approved self-promotion from brand new users is not allowed .
if this is a request for a critique please see the regular photo critique megathreads .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photography if you have any questions or concerns .
can confirm that it 's 1080 50fps we have them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mhocmp if you have any questions or concerns .
because i 'd take the giants and just let barkley or obj throw it .
i was was replying to a comment that if you did n't like the way apple does it there are other ways to go .
i had n't noticed the part about the food bank to be honest and yes they could of course have assumed that .
i 'm afraid i 'd have told them to sod their 'diabetic suitable food ' and give me any damn food .
but i 'm a stroppy bolshy cow and do n't like it when people tell me what i can and ca n't do .
careful you 'll soon find it on an american outfitters t shirt
u/falconmerc i am usually avaiable to play 1930 utc or in the weekend at 12 utc .
this week i ca n't play saturday night and tuesday night
i actually really like polymatter more than any of the other educational '' channels .
do n't know why probably because the format is so damned consistent and thorough .
and nobody gives a fuck about your experience in zimbabwe .
not saying it wasnt a good play but things like that usually get you killed very quickly .
uj i really do n't care about what they did but it does n't mean that they ca n't be criticized for what they did
that 's why i pointed out that you could min/max only two abilities and pack on two extra mods .
i had a secret foldsr tucked away in the windows directory of my win98 pc containing grainy images stored as extensionless files which i had taken the time to download on my limited dialup connection .
this is as good a place as any to announce that we 're killing all future trx posts because some people just do n't know when to let a joke die .
i 'm so sorry all this happened to you and that you 're still struggling .
there are so many similarities between your story and mine .
whilst my abuse happened only a year or so ago i am the same age as you and also a male .
i also do n't like the whole over sexualisation or however you want to describe it of society but for slightly different reasons .
most of my close friends are female just the way i 've been for as long as i can remember and you 'd be surprised how many issues arise from the whole societal thing you talked about .
anyway i digress i completely understand about what you mean by making your first consensual time count .
there 's absolutely nothing wrong with that and my guess is more people than you 'd think agree with you unfortunately we just do n't hear that side of the story .
if you can i strongly recommend trying to talk to a psychologist or therapist of sorts .
if your parents are aware of what happened and support you just ask them saying that you want someone to talk over things with and i 'm sure they 'll support you .
if they do n't know try anyway or try and organise things yourself if you want if you 're still in school or university normally a counsellor is available there .
i wish you all the best and feel free to ask me any questions .
get a real estate lawyer they can handle all the paperwork
i used my 5th waiver on jeff carter and tbh i did n't actually expect to get him but now i have him .
problem is i have to drop someone eventually-it has to be one of either nylander weber or jt miller .
someone else said he looks like chip gaines and i ca n't unsee it now .
it seems to be a primal fear like heights .
i almost want to say that i 've hooked up with a black guy just to weed my dates out .
problem is as you mentioned it has the most compatibility issues with pc games .
i 'm an active person so working out and being outdoors are big to me .
whatever it is you 're into just dive right into it !
all you have to do is uncheck the online check box on the world options page .
if you look on the news page on the switch at the minecraft news they explain to that there also and they said in the next update they are going to make it more obvious what to do
they like to shit on literally everyone and their own country is no exception .
i think right now the korean teams are being flamed for playing too sluggish and calculated hence the korean rules '' meme .
i remember when everyone in this sub was thinking the same after watching the first trailer of tlj .
ja schon aaaaber ich kann mich noch dran erinnern dass wir früher von anfang dezember bis ende februar fast durchgehend schnee hatten .
es gab zwei beliebte rodelhänge hinter unserem haus die alle kinder im dorf fast täglich nach der schule besucht haben .
in den letzten jahren waren die aber so gut wie leer mit ein oder zwei tagen an denen man überhaupt schlitten fahren konnte .
das wintersport-mekka oberhof ist wirtschaftlich im moment komplett am abkacken weil mittlerweile kaum mehr genug schnee für wettkämpfe da ist .
my babies are almost 47weeks twins born at 30 weeks and one of them still is n't eating full bottles .
she has a gtube in place so she was able to come home .
her sister just started taking full bottles consistently like a week ago .
it is a slow and hard wait for them to figure out the bottle .
i think my wife and i are an the very other end of the spectrum but this was our experience .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
yes korea is a country with its own faults and flaws like literally everywhere else .
we only see it though the media industry and not through anything like the news where they report on events .
whenever korean fans get angry about something that is complicated i just leave it alone because i 'm a complete foreigner and relations between asian countries are steeped in history and their cultures so it just really amounts to nothing when i say something .
i feel spartan shield and spear woukd be the best vr weapons
so you 're saying i can win games without giving any effort at all i can win if i do n't place down any cards at all .
if utilized properly he can make random explosions all over the place lol by splitting a hydrogen gas atom 😂if possible
flower works best for my extreme anxiety and insomnia .
tweedle farms and cbdhemodirect have great buds.i also enjoy concentrates extract labs and phytodabs both have excellent full spectrum concentrates .
im sitting at my desk with a cup of coffee and its nearly one in the morning .
if we did that then we 'd instantly become venezuela .
prioritise alhambra because with the correct buildings your x-coms can start with blitz
but on immortal you do n't really get a chance to get it .
you 'll have to ignore science and beeline straight to chivalry .
neuchwanstein is good but to build it in a city with a mountain is hard because generally production or foid would be a bitch
by the time it becomes available i do n't have a problem getting it in almost any city .
unless i do n't have a single mountain in my empire which is very rare .
i play mostly pangaea and do n't often settle on coast .
like the thought experiment with the train and two tracks .
there is n't really a better '' answer both results are awful but it 's about how you answer .
add the twist of putting yourself on the track and at the extreme 3 kids on the other .
or another extreme what if it was baby hitler ?
the irl question is much much more complicated then even that .
absolutely no option for abortion is like saying a woman 's life does n't matter and she 's only good for her womb .
free pregnancy termination on the tax payers dime is like saying the opportunity for the next einstein does n't matter and everyone willing to provide for that child can shove it too .
i think each community should be able to decide on the middle ground that fits them best but always leave the option open if that is what the woman wants .
i think not everyone who should will opt-out and several who should n't will .
birth or abortion i think the most important thing is to make sure the woman has the best support system she can during a huge life event .
i truly admire the effort he put into those books .
you can see how that world is a parallel to ours but in the past with monsters .
i fear most of the documents would be buried somewhere on russian side of the net so there 's rather large language barrier .
all in the family seinfeld mash the jefferson none of them would be allowed today .
some more tolerant nuanced opinions deserving of respectful discourse courtesy of u/koolkat347
i ca n't wait to see the screeching from the left when he gets voted in .
they 've been using it a lot more than the racism card lately
i know democrats do n't center anything around truth .
why do you think cp5 was based on race ?
he would 've done the same thing if they were white .
i call for a civil discussion and get called scum .
that 's ok i 've come to expect that from the left now .
you people are too blind to realize that we 've heard your calls for 'civil discussion ' while spitting bile and sea-lioning time and time again ... you 're not the first and you wo n't be the last .
y'all should coordinate better if you want to be taken seriously .
you were never in the business of civil discussion and you never will be .
eat 2 dicks then save a snack-dick for later .
about 2 months ago my s8 turned very slow as well .
luckily i bought the extended warranty so i got it repaired without any charge .
edit do remember to back up your data in case your s8 dies too
i would guess i 've had a few starring roles and some guest star appearances in people 's fantasies .
lets you lock in prices for up to a week .
did it right before prices went up so i was able to get 95 for 1.52
i think it 's a combo of ink glue and paper dust .
i have n't worked there for years but i can still even smell it outside when i drive by .
i think you mean millennial '' has replaced younger than me and stupid ''
no if you scroll up it was clearly a discussion of racism '' .
characters have been getting arthritis since bo2 origins i 'm tellin ' ya
listen to baba o'riley by the who the instrumental back and forth is amazing it 's a song that can really carry you away if you have headphones in and just close your eyes .
i am still undergrad in cs and have a couple of years left but it is incredibly daunting thinking about trying to get my foot in the door once i finish .
do you have any tips for people trying to get into the industry ?
it sounds like people just dont give recent grads the time of day 1 out of 30 applications even resulted in an interview but if that is the case how would one get their foot in the door ?
i 'm from vancouver and i was anticipating a seattle show at the very least but no
all the compound lifts will use your bis and tris so if you 're doing those you do n't even need to target .
also a study posted a while back showed that the greatest increases in strength come from frequency meaning do full body every time as often as possible .
we can only go by the numbers that are given to us by the teams .
with energy recovery/deployment yes the honda pu was bad in 2017 but i do n't know how much they have improved in 2018 maybe someone else knows or can link a source .
as the article say 2019 is for taking wins away from merc and most likely more points away from ferrari .
that 's just a wild prediction because with the new aero regs one of the teams could find something noone else has thought of and run away in the lead .
2020 is when rbr are really hoping to be in for the title fight .
perhaps the artwork did n't do the event justice ?
meanwhile.. gudao patiently waits for seraph rerun since he wasnt able to do the event the first time around .
when i lived in halls we 'd all get threatening letters on a monthly basis .
when i got my own place i resented paying chris fucking evan 's overinflated salary so i did n't participate until he stepped down .
as with so many things these days maybe we would n't need to pay so much if their staff were paid sane wages .
the bbc makes plenty from selling and licensing its products to other networks .
as it is if i watch the thick of it on netflix because the iplayer is shit and has no archive like that i 'm really paying for that twice .
let 's say hypothetically that a person was to analyze their life and interactions with a certain person and come to realize that they have a considerable difficulty maintaining any sort of healthy boundaries with a person who does n't seem to respect them when they 're expressed .
it does n't seem to me that this hypothetical person has a lot of options .
get the man of the house to show you how to do it .
i 'm not techie by any stretch of the imagination but hypothetically if a mod were to quit and re-enlist would n't their seniority be gone ?
so if a problematic mod were to request another chance could n't it be a show of good faith to give up their rank among the other mods that way holding them accountable to the entire rest of the team and therefore more bannable '' so to speak ?
i do n't know maybe i 'm just talking out my ass but it seems like it could be a gentler compromise between they have to go ! ''
you can remember it by two cs two rs .
actually steeper head tube angles cause more twitchy handling not shallower .
this one really brings out all of her facial characteristics and especially that nose..
other than the small fact that the candidate that would have picked him trailed in the polls the entire way against a popular incumbent sure .
that 's one spin you could put on it .
what 's important is the subjective view ford had in 2012 which we do n't know about .
particularly when you factor in that she named one witness and it happened to be the accused 's best friend .
she named 3 witnesses one of which was her best friend .
if her friend had backed her up out of loyalty or partisanship his best friend could be dismissed as his best friend .
also this assumes that she chose an optimal form of deception .
assuming she 's lying there 's no reason to assume she 'd act in an optimal way .
why run that involved and that long of a con just to ruin it that way ?
if the theory is correct then it was n't a long con .
it was a short con that got shelved then later was resurrected .
she named multiple witnesses none of whom can back her up including a good friend .
her story lacks virtually all detail and took place 36 years ago or so in a location she ca n't remember making any sort of rebuttal difficult .
why is it that all the other sex assault survivors can remember everything and she ca n't remember much of anything ?
why does n't she remember how she got out of the locked room ?
why does n't she remember how she got home ?
it 's much simpler to assume that she either made it up or else that it 's a recovered memory '' from therapy that never happened .
either way her mind made something up but there were holes in the story that would n't be there if it had simply happened .
hahaha leave mate wind down your hands and just leave you 'll be back and there 's gon na be times you 're busted in 30 mins .
chalk it up as a win and add it to you 're bankroll .
edit as you were u/mutatiion has shown me the light .
you say that like it 's a bad thing .
4chan is an anonymous message board where people can be themselves .
forcing yourself to be self righteous '' is stubborn and helps no one .
go back to tumblr and write a 50 page essay about how you 're being oppressed and lichrelly raeeepedd '' by my words so i can make fun of it .
also kinda fell in love with her with her cute entrance movie .
i got her uw and kinda feel like that she might be able to deal some dmg even with her 270 increased critdmg from 9 stacks .
with me having neither gladi nor juno nor loman is getting her uw higher more important or should i get one of the others first ?
i was thinking maybe gladi for the 3k discount on other uw maybe first though even some discounts on amity points for stamina items might be nice or getting the wb artifacts for my main dps though i do n't think that discount is that good .
did not live up to my expectations at all after the snippet..
you know who has n't dropped a passed yet this season ?
i 've had a crush on him for a long time and i 'm glad other people are appreciating him !
you know the word far is really up to everyone 's personal interpretation in your comment i do n't think that helps solve anything at all .
i 'm pretty sure we could all find someone because themself are left who is just as ridiculous as someone on the right .
represented definitely the numbers might not match but far left suggests extremist .
also might be nice to note this is not especially new technology and they 've come pretty far along on the turning around component but it 's still not fully there yet .
it had the cast of characters i liked the best i liked the case arc focus and it 's hard to top a police theme .
my tier 6 raiders have higher hp than this thing does .
! after building the acidgat you can upgrade the weapon again and turn it into the magmagat .
first you 'll need to create the vitriolic withering .
place the acidgat into a pack-a-punch machine to get it .
! go to the fireplace in the warden 's house back-right room first floor and place the vitriolic withering in the fireplace .
kill zombies to charge the blue skulls that appear over the fireplace .
get kills near the fireplace until all three skulls light up with blue fire .
collect the acidgat from the fireplace and you 'll see that it is now tempered .
the weapon glows blue but it will only remain this way for a limited time .
you need to travel to new industries — and you need to keep the blue fire on the acidgat burning .
to do this touch the tempered blundergat to burning blue fire barrels on the way to new industries .
! blood of the dead route – warden 's office to new industries !
! once you reach new industries placed the tempered blundergat into the massive green press .
after a few moments blue ghosts will appear and light the placed weapon on fire turning the weapon into the magmagat the ultimate version of this wonder weapon .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/favors if you have any questions or concerns .
if i understand you correctly you are saying you do the stuff '' monks tell you is the stuff buddha suggested '' .
strangely enough the thais who wear amulets and do chants and make gifts etcetera are also doing stuff '' monks tell them to do .
you 'll forgive me if i ca n't really see the difference .
my sense of stuff the buddha suggested '' is that it is all pretty much similar to stuff jesus suggested '' like right speech right thought right sexual behaviour '' which to me is pretty much stuff '' authority figures suggest '' everywhere and when .
i would but i play on my 60 inch flatscreen tv far away from me .
getting a 2nd screen is n't really an option .
it 's good to mention that keyservers are basically append only structures if you post new data for example new uids or new revocations or new expiry dates everything stays there but the client software gnupg just picks stuff with biggest creation dates .
so it does n't really overwrite '' anything but rather overlays new stuff on top of old .
i think it was important to see the distinction of seina kissing someone consensually vs being forced by someone she is n't into .
i 'm on high-max 80-100fps on blackout gtx 1070ti 5 8609k 16gb
yah that car drives so bad i have used other setups with it in the past but its literally one of the worse simulated cars i know of .
i dont know really but if you think that 35-55w will work i will try to start with it .
so for the begging i ordered ss 24+32ga clapton wire .
is possibility to get better wire for setting and purpose i explained or it will be over engineering ?
i ordered wasp rdta but it wanst send yet .
may you propose other possibly better rdta for me ?
no new hardware but the mother board is 2 years old and was fairly cheap
cream ash even the good quality is not made to vape i have tried the sandwich method with a couple of vapes but in tiny doses so so .
couple of years back i was in amsterdam and we vaped some good ash with the volcano but overall i did not particularly enjoy to be honest .
the exe starts atleast but no splash screen like the cpy version and in task manager the process disappears after about 10 secs
ok i see all these multi paragraph eli5 answers ... let 's make it simple !
throw a ball ... see the arch it followed ?
sit the 7g is when the emergency engines come on and when they stop .
production were willing to break rules for him apparently you are n't allowed to idol search at night and they were going to let him
does someone want to break it to him that he wasnt special and benji actually found one at night ?
most human beings do n't agree with your philosophy either .
did i say most christians not agreeing with stoicism makes them or it wrong ?
i just said it did n't have much of an impact on the religion as you imply .
i did one paint on the left and it was on the right too for me .
somebody else picked up my gun so i could see it
sinon on passerait son temps à légiférer sur chaque fait divers chaque drame personnel
i do n't think i 've ever ran out of getherwings even when doing 5-10 phraganoth runs at a time but stamina caps hit me hard when i was trying to finish the story last night
what the name of this watch please also happy bday
for being tight on cash that 's about as good as it gets .
one thing you could work on though is getting a fire cape
he does n't upload any less the normal it 's just that the vids take a lot of time to make .
most people here are just voicing their opinions on the new perk system is all .
the remaining few are people just like you throwing around assumptions about player skill and insults like they actually mean something .
it does n't have to be toxic invite them to a party ask if they would like help learning a new character .
if you take the time to help someone to make them better you 'll have better matches in the future vs. if you belittle them so much that they do n't want to play .
i 'm alright at smite and always try and help out newbies or people who have n't played a god before .
try and help someone before you get mad that is another human being on the other side of that god and maybe they had a bad day .
its stuff like this that makes me see a point in going from v1.1.0
well dragons dogma is a finished game no bugs or glitches .
if by unpolished you mean old graphics i get it .
if you have played only the tutorial i really suggest you to try it again until you reach the first big town .
the first 2-3h of the game is tutorial by that i literally mean the dragon scene first small town and the snake area to teach you how to climb .
the game only begins after your scout the snake head to the big town .
while i get where you 're coming from it wo n't take long to adjust .
i been wearing yeezy 's for over a year and i wear cheap £40 copies lol i own pk copies at home but nobody knows the difference on feet .
my n soon-to-be ex wanted to get a dog she works in the city i work from home .
when i brought up that i did n't have the time/energy to take it out she suggested that she could take it to work with her she works with children .
she let her fish die and the tank turned into an algae-filled sludge-pot the cats did n't like her because i was the only one who fed them there 's no way she 'd have shouldered even half the burden of a dog .
she also tried the it 'll be good for you to get out of the house more '' line when i asked who 'd walk it .
seems life every video they make has the most interesting subject matter in the world .
i was just worried when i found an empty bottle she got the 21 of last month that she should have 12 more pills in .
great to have a laugh on a grey morning like this .
if you think of the places as equal like west virginia blue ridge and shenandoah instead of blue ridge and shenandoah which are places in '' west virginia .
bought mine on sunday and took it in today to get replaced .
tried everything to stop the input lag even did the firmware update but still the problem persisted .
do we know if there are anymore firmware updates on the way ?
because the last thing i want to do is get a refund .
this controller is everything i want in a ps4 controller except for the fact that it does n't freaking work as it should .
it needs to get sorted otherwise i 'll have to settle for the nacon .
perhaps it 's a bad idea to have entrance into society 's elite gatekept by the university admissions committee .
perhaps the filter of being palatable to a group of low-end functionaries also precludes all the other qualities you 'd want in leaders .
maybe we were better off when this sort of thing was decided by hereditary lottery .
police do n't give a shit about personal property the whole reason police departments were originally created was to to protect private property in case the working class gets too uppity
i 'm a fairly atypical person so i do n't really read too much into my life experience and extrapolate it outwards .
when people put words into statements i generally read something into each and every one of them .
they deliberately did n't say they do n't know adults apart from their family .
obviously you can ignore that if it makes you more comfortable .
has there been a winter when they were prepared ?
i 'm not shitting on the nhs i just hear this every year
i just want a hollow knight where 's waldo '' style book .
it does n't help that a problem that began throughout the first season is that the characters just are n't that great .
cgdct show live and die by their cast and the keions were honestly very forgettable outside of mio and azusa 's tryharding musicianship .
i know opinions and stuff but that 's funny how you think the characters are a flaw while i see them as being the biggest appeal of the show .
you 've had a treat and you 've binged a bit but do n't panic .
you do n't want to over eat too much today and make yourself feel bad just focus on what 's going to make you feel better
you clearly are missing it because nobody thinks what you 're saying is controversial .
we know that superhero movies are more often than not popcorn tentpoles and they 're sometimes lacking in emotional depth and complex narratives .
we also know every other minor piece of news getting announced get thousands of upvotes and comments so they 're obviously very popular .
but nobody actually thinks that everyone loves them as in every single person .
we know they do n't appeal to everyone and certain movies still get shit on here every week .
by commenting just to say that you specifically do n't like them adds nothing of value to the conversation it 's not a counter-argument .
flows very nicely is easy for at least me to pronounce even though i 'm neither irish indian nor with english as a first language .
it has a kind of a 'ring ' to it without being over the top !
i also like that you manage to get both your heritage in there .
fyi do n't let animals suck on anything but a nipple .
i 've been in a genesis facebook group with a couple hundred members for over 3 years despite never having actually played it !
and in all that time there has never been a single drama hahahaha
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
this has nothing to do with him being inexperienced i 've dated inexperienced guys before who are normal .
he does n't know how to express/control his emotions properly and he sounds like he 's desperate to be in a relationship .
no one says they love someone when they meet for the first time he 's more interested in the idea of finally being in a relationship than he is with you as a person .
wait til ya move on to the more advanced calculuses .
i guess you could say that they are where the fun begins ''
also keep in mind he may be getting these pressures cus he 's always fresh .
i love carl lawson but also like what michael johnson and jordan willis bring to the table .
i 'm cool with the rotation as is for now .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds like a fun vacation hope you boys both got to bareback and blow some loads into that aussie chick
op was just suggesting the linked bestof contained a straw man .
from i can tell it is ironically about fighting god or a godlike force with all your might .
calanthe should be so much older even if it is based on the last wish/sword of destiny .
it also has a legacy of stories like this one .
in 1995 the broke the story about big tobacco '' later made into the movie the insider '' .
in 2012 it broke a story about how members of congress were basically insider trading and it was legal .
i suggest you dvr the show and watch it .
that or they just happen to have some opinions and decide to express them .
your u/dafinklestein post has been automatically removed because you used a terrible title .
please resubmit with a title which describes the post itself not the context the op how much clapping there was or your personal feelings about this subreddit .
if you feel this was in error report this comment .
if you send a modmail and your title is terrible you will be banned .
this is also a reminder to censor all information that can be used to identify a person .
this includes but is not limited to first and last names usernames including your own subreddit group and online community names titles of specific posts and other information like locations city state etc .
this is to prevent brigading and harassment so we take this rule very seriously .
below automoderator will say something about sending a modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thathappened if you have any questions or concerns .
douglas adams did do the majority of the screenplay .
i sincerely doubt he was aiming for the leg .
nobody is trained to shoot anything but center mass and in the moment it 's almost impossible to aim at a small moving target like a leg or arm .
really it 's not that secure as it sits it 's a secure as you make it but people love recommending it based on ease of use alone .
correct why did we just let gus sign a contract extension .
unfortunately i do n't have faith in lg as a company anymore .
i know that their products are coming out with i think a two year long warranty but i feel like it 's too little too late .
plus i felt like it slow be degraded more than my previous samsung devices ever did .
you can use to_field option to specify another field but that field has to have unique=true but i 'm not sure if that works for your case
i mean sure it 's wasteful but also it 's part of taking a stand .
if you feel better i think you 're doing just fine !
i still have a lipstick i do n't want to toss but i most definitely wo n't be giving her anymore of my money .
i know of at least one case off the top of my head https www.google.com/search ? client=ms-android-verizon q=bear+rinehart stick=h4siaaaaaaaaaongvulsz9u3ydkylddjaqd_o7cgdgaaaa sa=x ved=0ahukewifqatn0oheahwcy1mkhsvedciqmxmivsgamag biw=360 bih=668 of someone that goes by bear .
i 've enjoyed it for a long while but when i was younger i had a huuuuuuge fear of clowns so i hated that aspect .
tevin coleman with freeman out should see more action .
edit i did n't realize ito smith was the next option for atl .
i 'd still probably go for coleman just for stability in experience
or maybe people do n't notice you need help and think the situation is already being solved especially in this age with mobile phones etc .
someone pushing a car obviously can use a helping hand but a person doing nothing is not that obvious .
i still do n't think it 's childish but i see your point .
i would argue that even if it is childish shonda has earned the right to be considering it 's her show .
she gets to make all the childish demands she wants because she 's the sun
flagstones of trokair https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/en/td0/b31.jpg ? 1517813031 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=flagstones 20of 20trokair sf https scryfall.com/card/td0/b31/flagstones-of-trokair ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/a1e9f407-242c-42b9-80c9-5eeb3b5aa0c3 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
the thing is at its core people want to have a chance to get things .
it does not need to be easy but they want a reasonable chance .
sure some people will pop up and point out how they saved 300 dollars worth of crystals to be ready no matter what happened but thats simply not reasonable .
and hard nodes ... .. they are really hard to deal with because we need so many toons from hard nodes and we also need that energy to farm gear .
at least i do thats my main source of stun guns cause they dont show in shard shop all that often .
so lets put some math to this we get 50 shards on a marquee character meaning we need 280 from farming .
before i go into scenarios i will state that if a toon is on a ship node you should never refresh that node simply put you get enough free ship energy to sim one hard ship node per day to refresh that node you have to spend 200 crystals just on energy and the diminishing returns stack up pretty fast at that rate .
so a single hard node 8 attempts per day that is 105 days to farm to 7
now sure that all seems fine but lets look at the energy cost to get it done in 26 days you need to hit the ship node once thats all your ship energy there and the normal energy node 3 times thats 384 480 energy depending on if it is a 16 or 20 energy node .
so yeah blitzing one toon is totally doable you get 385 free energy per day and buying another 360 for fairly cheap .
but if you want to blitz 2 toons you need to buy both ships energy and at least 1 of the 100 crystal refreshes on normal energy .
again its doable but its not practical and it is definitely falling into the panic farming category .
the point of this long ramble though is to say we ahve a time and dedication method to get the toons now but the way they drop content if you take a reasonable approach to new characters you will only unlock the next meta shift when it has already been pushed out by the new hotness .
look at last year how many people finally unlocked cls the second time around to see him disappear from arena meta because jtr was the new king of the hill ?
it 's why our party ranking dropped from 5th to the twenties .
not the best for the price range for sure but i 'd say it 's standard for leather to have that much scuffing .
i think you 'd occasionally find this kind of cosmetic difference even in higher ranged shoes like allen edmonds .
maybe i have a skewed perception of shoes but it does n't seem to be that big of a deal breaker .
i have no idea how they 'd ever implement this but it was a great read of a hypothetical none the less .
coconut oil is a great substitute what are you on about ?
while that 's true for me and you because we have gaming-tier pcs most people do n't .
it 's the same reason people buy consoles well mostly and it 's the reason vr is headed that way for mainstream .
i was saying that just because it was his daughter is n't when you go oh so it 's not a hentai ? ''
i feel for you but you can do this !
idk he just seemed like the type of guy to add someone after a game to continue flaming so i thought it was worth the shot since thats exactly the type of person i would like to tilt out of their mind with a might be hardstuck but at least i get my rewards lmao '' or something along those lines
the un is calling for a massive decrease in meat and dairy production and consumption .
meat and dairy agriculture uses a huge portion of land and water and produces huge amounts of greenhouse gases .
if everyone went vegetarian today we could feed 3 billion more people .
but most people have too big an ego and too much emotional attachment to their meat-eating to stop even knowing it would help secure the futures of their children and the world .
warms the heart knowing trump would do the same for you .
yeah the us got beat so bad that britain took literally nothing from us in the end .
also are you really trying to shit on us by talking about a war that happened over 200 years ago back when the us was a quarter of the size it is now was 50 years old and when britain was a monster superpower ?
yeesh leave it to englanders to dream about the glory days .
i knew a girl that wanted to be an electrician and like work in energy towers and high places typical dangerous work .
she got her degree and started searching work in the field all she got was managerial and administrative jobs even when field jobs were open she never had the opportunity to take it .
too dangerous they said to her and today she work in front of a computer in a cushy office not because she wanted that but because she is a woman .
it costs less than a dollar to defeat those alarms .
if you 're still setting them off you 're doing it wrong
unmedicated mental illness coupled with being surrounded by people who do nothing but enable him
and it might just be turning off your partner completely and that 's why it seems as if your friend gets along better .
maybe your partner is just fed up with the negativity and wants a breath of fresh positivity every now and again .
try not to take the small shit too serious .
it sounds like you 've got bigger fish to fry .
48 separated 3 kids that you havent seen since they were 3 7 and 14 respectively
except it did n't look like it was gon na hit if you know it can not hit someone in the air .
like before it whiffed immediately after using it he should have known it was gon na whiff .
i get 30mm tube as the size of the scope it can fit but what does 20moa mean as far as a scope mount ?
how in the world does he still float like that .
i 'm not commenting on their responsiveness or the state of a bug '' here but i wanted to give some info so we all have a bit more info into this and why kabam has been so inept at fixing the problem or it reoccurring .
some of my info might be outdated i have n't dug in a while but it was not speculation at the time and it was very core to how things work not likely they 'd have invested in a rewrite without touting the advantages and this problem indicates they have not .
i explained a bit about how hit detection works in this game in previous threads .
i 've had sporadic comments where i 've explained what an attack '' looks like a particular attack will have a set of hitevents '' that are all at different frame-based timestamps this allows for a single medium like drax ' to have two hitevents .
the hit events are sourced from a bodypart and given a distance and orientation ... you can kind of think of an imaginary wolverine claw popping out of wherever the attacks coming from not necessarily at a straight angle .
the hitbox of champions is a capsule shape ... does n't matter if they have hands sticking out or whatever they can only get hit in this core capsule .
they only check to see if an attack is making contact during a hitevent and there is a massive amount of variability when your device framerate is not consistent .
a lot of this detection and animation takes place out of kabam 's direct control it 's done through unity that 's not an excuse kabam has chosen to rely on unity making them culpable for any design constraints this imposes but it explains why their hands are a bit tied some times short of a massive investment to take on hit detection on their own .
attacks have a lot of important stats to them not just when the hitevent occurs there are things that determine when you can start giving input to the champion again or blockstuns and other timing elements that are more of an art than a science .
this is what caused everyone to think domino was breaking blocks she was n't ... her attack just caused a blockstun that was inconsistent with other champions letting you let go '' of your block sooner whereas a normal champ would have forced your block to stay on .
a lot of people think that intercepting is like a quick-time event in video games if you hit attack within a certain timespan of them attacking you get an intercept '' ... there 's no code in the game for intercept '' you just happen to get a hitevent off before they do and your event cancels the rest of their attack animation .
here 's a sneak peek of r/canadianmoms using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/canadianmoms/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
2 update to crazy neighbour received my package and called the cops .
3 breaking canada 's senate has just given final approval to legalizing marijuana for everyone 18 !
do n't put him above deft mata ucal maple 18-20 would be fine for him .
no i would n't say things like that to another trans person but that 's because i 'm not a jerk and because their reality and how they 're dealing with it can be different to me .
if they can be happy and feel valid even without passing or whatever then good for them and i 'm happy for them .
i am not valid because everything in my life is wrong .
i am not valid because i 'm a girl who was born with a male body .
i 'm not valid because i was n't able to pursue transition until i was 29 .
i 'm not valid because i look nothing like a woman i just look like a carnival freak .
i 'm not valid because my body is still 99 masculine and wo n't change .
i 'm not valid because i can not reproduce .
i 'm not valid because nobody loves me nobody is attracted to me and nobody wants to be with me .
i 'm not valid because i 'm not a real person .
i 'm a sentient ball of broken flesh that fell out of my mother and should never have been born .
if i was meant for life i would n't have been born with a female brain and a male body .
at best a few people can play pretend or bite their tongue with me and i can pretend that they accept me as a woman and not a broken confused boy in girl clothes that they 're just nice too .
i 'm a monster and i need to die .
and you did n't even try to look it up .
i just typed in ga into the address bar of edge and chrome and both bring back search results not only related to georgia but also to the incident referenced in the op .
as you can see from the picture above bedrock edition
totally go for the repitition if you need it .
i work with a tutor weekly and do have a grammar book so some of the lessons are sort of a waste of time for me because i know the material deeply already .
the repetition is awesome for those lessons that cover new material for me though .
i wish duolingo had more flexibility to jump around to vocab/grammar that 's more important to the specific user but i get that they do it the way they do it .
plus i ca n't complain too much about a free service although i 'd pay for it if they offered more features on the premium mode .
is there anyway i could get my game on that list ?
i did a similar thing recently where i put the wrong address i called amazon and it turned out the package was held in the ups center .
i did n't retrieve it in time and amazon just gave me a refund .
just call amazon or whoever it was ordered from and they 'll tell you the situation and if you can retrieve it .
if the address you delivered to was correct it will probably be delivered just with your friends name and if you 're in the dorms he might have to get it from the front desk with his wiscard or id .
ah the old somebody else jumps into a pond i 'd better jump in as well .
why try to change something that works in every other online game ?
maybe i need to be more clear in my statement .
i think it would be a good idea to combine arcade mode with quick play modes .
however if you add in ranked on top of all that it just does n't make sense .
you will then have a lot of casual players who think they are just in a normal tdm but then half way through the game find out its actually 2v2 ranked .
basically meaning the first half of the match/round maybe they are not trying as hard or playing new champions etc .
ranked should and always needs to be in its own queue .
now i would love to know the benefits i am missing that are so clear to see ?
my friend got new shoes for fight night and had blisters like crazy so i 'd say no
if i 'm trying to be depressing i 'll just depress myself i 'm too good at it .
you can go your whole life and be better off not thinking about death and disease until you have to
the 2020 democratic nominee must support medicare for all .
got ta admit most texture replacers for imperial style houses make them look too clean and pretty but the wattle and daub style here makes them look appropriately weathered .
mcconnell just said that oversight would get him re-elected .
because even he doesnt believe that line of horseshit .
which is something i never thought i would hear myself say .
it is clear to me the republicans have gone completely bonkers .
yup if i get cancer i 'm moving to philippines and working remotely .
ya but the nail specifically does n't make much sense .
though i guess it make as much sense as a fang for wrath .
she 's got the ass for it but not the forehead .
and let 's not delude ourselves ... if the gop could have actually come up with charges that did n't get them laughed out of the courtroom they would have filed them regardless of what kind of representation hillary would have availed herself of .
she was their great white whale and they never .
yeah the literature online states bradycardia occurs while osa is active meaning while sleeping .
not sure if osa causes an enlarged heart itself left ventricular hypertrophy due to having to pump blood while oxygen deprived all night .
i really need to become fully compliant with cpap so that maybe my heart function normalizes .
edit so i think the issue is that osa enlarged heart bradycardia .
with 6 months of cpap use the enlargement should reduce .
all through childhood my parents basically begged me to get braces .
i fought tooth and nail against it saying that i thought i looked just fine and did n't need them go adolescent me for having a positive self image !
when i turned 21 i realized i did not look fine and need braces except now that i had to pay for them i did n't have the money .
had them on and off by the time i was 29 and holy shit i can not be happier .
the range of money which you should keep safe '' for protecting against emergencies is called your emergency fund '' and it is something you will see references to throughout this subreddit .
generally it is good to keep your emergency fund as liquid as cash .
this sub generally recommends having 3 to 6 months of money in an emergency fund .
that usually means in a high yield savings account or in a money market fund at an investment brokerage .
one other alternative to consider would be us treasury bills t-bills .
you 'll get the money back with interest in either 4 8 13 26 or 52-weeks .
the date when you get your money back is referred to as the maturity date '' .
if you want to be more cautious and you are ok with having your money locked up for longer you can buy us treasury notes t-notes which pay out interest at a fixed rate every 6 months .
you 'll get your money back in 2 3 5 7 or 10-years .
t-notes and t-bills represent a loan to the us government and are auctioned by the treasury on a schedule .
no matter what happens to interest rates or the market value of the t-bill and the t-note between when you bought it and the maturity date you have already locked in your interest rate .
banks do similar things by offering certificates of deposit '' cds where the bank plays the role of the us government and the us government through the fdic insures the cd against the risk of the bank defaulting .
and other businesses will borrow money and issue bonds .
these kinds of bonds are n't guaranteed by the us government but only by the entity that issues them .
if a government issued it it is a government bond .
if a business issued it it is a corporate bond .
sometimes instead of issuing the bond with a fixed interest rate it will have a floating interest rate .
that means that the money you 'll get from the bond may vary even if you hold onto it until maturity .
if you 've ever heard the phrase junk bond '' that refers to corporate bonds issued by businesses which are likely to go bankrupt .
these have the highest interest rates but also the highest likelihood that the business will stop paying and you 'll lose your money i.e .
if a business goes bankrupt it first repays its debts i.e .
those holding bonds get their money back first and anything that 's leftover goes to the shareholders .
so often people will balance their investments between stocks and bonds .
some people will start off with lots of stock and move towards bonds as they get older or near retirement .
new bonds and bonds with floating interest rates are worth more when interest rates go up and less when interest rates go down .
businesses typically carry some amount of debt with floating interest rates and that means their payments will go up when interest rates go up and down when interest rates go down .
those payments eat into the business ' profits which push stock prices down when interest rates go up like what is going on this month so far and push stock prices up when interest rates go down .
during the late 00s crisis but it underpins some of the logic in holding both stocks and bonds .
i feel like a lot of it is just waiting for a spot to open up .
they can bring them in for a show here and there but i do n't want the company to risk over-saturating their roster .
idk but that 's the one that 's got clipped a few times today
not an agent but i do n't think you need to be extroverted so much as personable .
the buying/selling process is entirely about the buyer and the seller .
the brokers are there literally to broker the deal .
if you give sound guidance and offer expertise people will respect you and refer you to their friends and family .
how many times have you thought hey that kind of looks like insert celebrity here only to shrug it off and move on with life ?
my wife and i just got really excited about our new washer and dryer .
our old ones were about 10 years old and these new ones are awsome !
this is pretty much my only takeaway also johnny looked a bit off tonight probably because teams are starting to beat him up
yesyes ofc but i feel like it would be more fun if i could use better guns like pps or avs 36
so far i 'm enjoying the game though gl to you too !
got ta wait until it 's the 12th in my time zone i think
i 've been thinking about it from a different perspective recently ...
siddhartha lived his life as a prince up until he realized he did n't understand anything about the world beyond his palace walls gave up his wealth traveled and formed the practices and teachings of buddhism .
now if a prince – a man – needed to make a sacrificial journey to be able to comprehend the lives of the less-fortunate ... how could a divine being with infinite power and no actual mortal existence possibly hope to understand human plight without experiencing it firsthand ?
i mean i 'm pretty sure her cretinous husband does mock her constantly to her face .
hmmm i get where you 're coming from and i love masa harina in all things ...
i use tomato paste and long cooking for thickness in chili .
jordan mathews continues to hit the amp the crowd button
maybe he will grab a chair out of the crowd next and bash it over joe bucks head
you have to poop and vomit at the same time .
hey pal leave some karma for the rest of us !
i think it was great that it ended up being the 2nd episode .
it allowed the viewer to gain more insight into what ed and kelly 's relationship was before darulio came and ruined everything with his blue goop .
there 's more than just the metro in dc .
sounds like you really need to do some research on your own .
you need to familiarize yourself with public transportation options two light rails bus service metro etc .
it 's possible that your husband 's workplace offers some subsidies for public transportation very common here so i 'd suggest he ask his hr about that .
haha from that angle it looks just like the one in raleigh but im sure most alamo dh have very similar layouts .
you ai n't gay it 's like being a chef .
if you cook once you are not a chef so if you get dick once you ai n't gay and also just say no homo
he all but led the charge for the iraq war .
but i used flash when i took the photo .
go to facebook and in the search type in something like pokémon go area where area is your city/town and see if that yields results
i do n't give a fuck about your manufactured corporate personality '' wendy 's .
just sell tasty food at a good price in a convenient location .
there are 4 elements of the marketing mix use one of the other three if you want me to buy your shit .
i have recently bought a 2018 tundra and was hard set on getting the trd off road edition but very much disliked the chrome .
i am very sad that all of the base to mid models have so much chrome on them .
we went to the dealer and they had a beautiful tundra platinum and my wife convinced me to purchase the upgrade for an extra 9k canadian .
really happy with the truck not sure how much it would have cost to wrap the chrome or get a new bumper .
i am sorry i do n't have any recommendations .
i would seriously look into a wrap and what the options are .
that is a sexy colour almost bought the cement colour as well but the little boy in me picked the darker red
in texas a cii script is only good for 21 days after it 's written date unless it has an earliest full date then it 's 21 days from that date .
i know and understand where you 're coming from but i bet we 've all had our fair share of games where we felt like we did everything that was under our control correct but got screwed over by a few bad dice rolls .
just last night i had a game where i successfully blocked all of whispers decloak positions and then blocked her final position .
took a range 1 shot and a range 0 shot rhymer with clusters and after spending locks and focuses had two hits and one hit across 7 dice .
using only palp force she dodged all but one of those hits .
was a really feel bad moment as i felt i had out played my opponent but the dice prevented the result i felt was justified .
context rolling 4 dice with tl focus i was expecting minimum 3 hits with on average one to two of these to connect and rolling 3 dice with tl focus expecting 3 hits with one to two to connect .
all up i expected to do between two and four damage to whisper and did one
vaitai held vernon and still gave up the sack that 's skill
it does n't matter up until le/lem you can keep on rotating because other people do the same .
ha that was loud had to head out into the yard to check as well did n't see anything .
whenever i see clips like this i dream with the idea of seeing her doing occidental rough porn .
jav are nice but when it comes to hardcore they are pretty weak
any state or federal photo id ga driver 's license including expired employee id from any government agency passport military photo id or tribal photo id .
i got a food saver off amazon for like 40 which has helped me put up so much meat without worrying about freezer burn .
you can get the off brand refills so you dont have to pay an arm and a leg for the name brand ones .
i got like 2 huge rolls for 18 on amazon and have barely made a dent in one of them .
plus if you dont use too much liquid you can marinate meat in the freezer in the food saver .
may be worth checking into so you can reap the most benefit from that deal .
i had to manually lock passenger door from the inside then get out of vehicle and shut the door then lock the driver door manually with the physical key from the fob .
you had to unlock it with the key from the fob to get back in i think .
ohh shit i was n't excpecting follow up questions .
i dunno why it seems like a good number .
i love brinner but dh is not a fan so we went with bbq .
wore cover up as foundation makeup for my seventh grade school picture .
cut someones shoe laces to the point where they just barely can not tie .
the song off injury reserve second album where he ruined the song .
im not joining in on the circlejerk cause im not up to date on whatever happened and i barely know who vic mensa is but im just sayin jamaican me crazy '' is revival levels of trash .
he could n't afford crack on the verge budget ca n't even afford a screwdriver
do we have a test or something that accurately reflect you basketball knowledge and understanding ?
pretty sure this op does n't know who len bias even is..
hiro matsuta broke hulk hogan 's leg on purpose during his first tryout .
he wanted to see if hulk was serious and come back after it healed .
man imagine if a us president decided to build themselves a tomb with clay abrams clay f22s and a battalion of clay marines .
... is motherfucker really that bad in the uk ?
topography the arrangement of the natural and artificial physical features of an area .
la is already built out take a look at the 10 most populated cities in la .
from pasadena to long beach these are the burbs where families live .
it takes less time by car than by public transportation to go anywhere work leisure school .
so unless you knock down some freeways houses and other artificial physical features that we have created i dont see how it can work .
it 's probably gpu drivers update them or downgrade them if you recently upgraded them
yes i do agree that that is the exact thing that i was saying the article is not relevant to .
driving around boston begging thru texts brady 's family 4 address to tom 's home ''
the only thing missing is a western auto '' store .
apparently a middle distance '' race up a mountain through 25 ninja-warrior like obstacles .
i really hope you are right and all the scouting reports are wrong .
i keep on seeing his expected start as the 2020 season and that would bum me out .
my school used c for most classes but in higher classes you could use any language you felt comfortable with .
if you 're not already subbed check out r/learnprogramming .
i wish you all the best and do n't wait until you 're behind to get help .
i think it 's probably best to take your time in the first world gather everything you need to prototype essential items and then rush through the rest .
please reply to one of my comments with ! create .
we do n't either but i 've never noticed an actual problem with it any time i 'm walking around the store on my breaks or grocery shopping .
where does it say he did n't sleep for a month ?
hardcover is so dang expensive and i do n't like not being able to bend it .
that probably would n't have saved much money tbh .
you 'd be flying the cast between different sets as needed .
that someone would invent a fake story for damages and pretend to not actually have been damaged .
oh good he hit it i can rest easy knowing i definitely wo n't see any lonzo threes on the front page .
if i had to start over i might go with zoho .
but i ca n't see a way to transition all of the data without problems .
does zoho let you accept online and credit card payment ?
i should 've specified so that 's my bad .
most of the time they are the date that the company deems their product outside of quality standards .
the date for safely consuming the food is usually later and a cookie is a low risk food .
enjoy the stale oreo 's it 's my favorite way to eat them 😂
idk what op recommends but i had jesus magana and he suuucckkeeeddd .
i 'm like pretty good at math tbh and it was a disaster .
he is not grey at explaining concepts and the book was no help for 224 .
easy grader though i got like a b on one year and a c on the other and a b in the class
his pizzicato sounds like when i try to fret a guitar with long nails
that does n't change the fact that those who are not happy have the right to feel that way .
i can super relate to this the idea that in your mind nothing is wrong .
yes i threw up my meal that i spent money on but why would i not as i 'm a fat piece of shit and i do n't deserve that food .
and it feel super normal until you have to explain yourself right ?
they should use the transmog system games like diablo 3 have that unlocks the appearance of armor once you 've acquired it .
i 've sequence my inserts after mini-prepping from agrobacterium and they look fine .
i mainly do this for gateway cloning when the entry and destination clones have the same antibiotic resistance agro ca n't propagate the entry clone as it lacks an appropriate ori thus selecting for the destination clone .
the miniprep from e. coli is a mixture of the two plasmids so i have never sequenced that directly .
as if qyburn is working with dorne directly with or without varys ' knowledge .
i do n't think his words are aimed at qyburn for a couple of reasons .
the first would be i ca n't see what the benefit of telling him is unless as we discussed he knows for a fact qyburn is working for dorne .
the second is that varys ' is probably the best spymaster in westeros and qyburn is a necromancer who is basically learning the spymaster role as far as we know .
i 'm sure he 's capable of uncovering secrets but he ca n't have varys ' red keep knowledge and it 's unlikely varys left a book listing all his sources of information for his replacement .
i do n't see him allowing qyburn to keep tabs on him .
and even if he wanted qyburn to think aegon is legitimate he does n't want qyburn to know varys is kevan 's murderer .
so i have to assume he at least assumed qyburn was n't listening before shooting kevan .
you need others to talk to to grow with and to rebuild yourself .
a little oddly worded but i interpreted it as they are n't going to just lose and not doing anything but learn from it so how they can get better
i was immune to this crime because i brought my own lunch .
there were conspiracies saying that they did it to make our 90 twig population into even more of a twig make us lose weight even though most of us are in good physical health .
i just downvote and move on sure he might get a few follows but they wo n't stick around unless he is entertaining .
the best way to grow imo is be different and find a way to stand out from the rest and post clips on every social media available .
kids use a bunch of crap nowadays half of it i do n't have a clue how to use but it seems required to succeed as a content creator
i also had about 6 heart attacks tonight and my wife wants to punch me about 6 times in the face for my attitude the past three hours .
weapons are now one of the top us exports .
it 's not like it can sell its agricultural products with the new tarif wars .
let 's say hypothetically while legal there are 100,000 abortions in a certain place and when made illegal that is cut down to 10,000 with 100 mothers also dying from botched abortions .
10,000 100 deaths is still quite a bit less than 100,000 deaths .
i 'm cautiously optimistic but it makes me so happy to see that amidst all these constant streams of awful news ranging from the u.s. to brazil to europe at least one country is still making forward progress .
if you go into inventory and select the skin there 's an option up top to see the l2 or l1 versions .
in which way is people breaking geo 's savage mode ?
i dont see any osb in a lot of runs and unless im doing something wrong quetz breaks cap on entry but then it hits for 6k more or less .
every time i attempt this command in winpe it get an error 87 .
i feel like if i can remove this driver then my pc will boot i really do n't want to have to rebuild .
when he moves to you he will either bring a dog or he wo n't .
as much as my parents fucked me up my family set me up for a comfortable lifestyle .
i 've suffered a lot but never really been short of money .
it would n't have been as funny if it were untrue .
how is it capturing light unless the light is emitting light of its own toward the camera ?
in the top right corner instead of saying broad line it should say mass line
your post has been removed for the following reason s
your comment has been removed for one or more of the following reasons
it was primarily a personal anecdote with little or no legal relevance .
if after doing so you feel this was in error message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reply to this message as a comment .
i 'd watch streamers like zalae kibler stancifika and firebat they all go through their decision making verbally often .
in terms of actually playing the game i 'd find a deck you like and learn how to play it really well and if you do n't like what you play craft something new that 's really the key to not getting burnt out .
i 'd also think about what you can do every turn and try to think about what your opponent can do in response .
if there is no drivetrain issues and the electrical issues are small or easy to fix go for it .
it could be a winter beater with no upgrades necessary other than tires or chains .
i have exactly the same problem so it 's probably not your network .
you could just get an avr that has pre outs
or just chop the plants and let them dry or anything !
i 'm on console and was disappointed to find out there was no achievements trophy .
that 's not true my mom has that game at her house and my 5 year old son and i play all the ti ... . my god ...
did you not notice how woosh '' had a little red line under it ?
there are plenty of college students like you and not just asians .
just do n't be afraid to put yourself out there .
as cliche as it sounds making friends really is n't that hard unless you have a condition like autism but then you probably would n't be going to college now .
also do n't buy into that best years of your life '' mindset .
sure for me college was great but they 're definitely not the best years of my life .
you 'll only disappoint yourself if you think like that because you 're over-anticipating something that 's rather mundane .
it will be like paris syndrome https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome but worse because it takes up more time .
it 's one of the more worry-free times in your life because you do n't have to think about or confront matters that most adults do .
also having a romantic partner is always nice but the more important thing in my opinion is that you enjoy and work on yourself regardless if it 's during college or some other point in your life .
watching that reminds me why i have such a hard time beating snipers .
they mostly do enterprise benchmarking and very limited within the gaming space seems like a case of genuine ignorance on their part .
they owned up to it and we would have never known if they never proved their testing methodologies anyway so i do n't think this as tin foil hat malicious on pt 's part .
what is was intel saying these numbers were good to go and published them .
that 5 is like we got told about the drug trade sell them cheap heroin and when they really need it you up the price because by then they ca n't go back to their old lifestyle .
most people are fine with the initial cost and wo n't partake in more but the ones that get hooked are always the big money spenders that offset the losses the 5 value pack .
it is mandatory that you copy and paste the name of your trade partner from your private messages into this search website before trading to check if they 're on the scammer list .
failure to check the list will result in a 15 day ban .
this picture contains the most frequent scammers and is updated regularly .
make sure to always click the picture before trading .
trading with any user pictured in this image will result in a 45 day ban .
click here to see this users giftcardexchange reputation https www.reddit.com/r/gcxrep/search ? q=hoggo0 restrict_sr=1
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
nt is the worst kernel i 've ever seen and the windows coreutils are a mess of epic proportions .
put 5 on him around 400 that 's a cool 20
i gameshare with my boys i play games on the x and they play on my old xbox one and when i go up to the room and watch them play im astounded by how bad most of the games look on it .
the x is much better it really depends on how much the extra power means to you personally and your budget .
from what i have read the mother has been 2 years sober and also has a daughter who was taken from her .
since then she has been proven fit '' for parenting .
regardless no sane person would allow the son to go back to her after the abuse legally documented and the video of the child terrified to go back to his own mother .
the only thing the father did wrong was taking his son far away from his abusive mother and refusing to let him see her .
ancient scarabs is pretty much the best for you if you just want pg
poison def imbues and manaleech advised to survive and keep hunt going .
time rings to run faster and counter paralyze help a lot !
life leech can save ur life but at lvl 60 you should be fine with crit or mlvl .
swanfeather cloak probably is optimal for you if you dont want to waste cash on imbues .
yeah i 'm not sure i 've ever encountered anyone faking a mental illness to get what they want .
i ca n't watch the video now either as i have a sleeping child nearby .
thank you very much i will take all of this into account .
am i the only one here who does n't like babies on this subreddit ?
i came here for the other cute baby animals .
grace was a great character but i expected something bad was going to happen to her since her husband was one of the new companions .
preview of guest actors shows more than diversity than in the past which is welcome though the only asian actors guest starring appear to be east asian .
a lot of bayo 's 90 140 kill confirms were with up air in smash 4 .
you can think your partner is cool and desire him because of it but that will fade .
the devs just do n't seem to know how to program sometimes hell i ca n't even project to another monitor because my fps drops in half due to the game deciding to render twice instead of just ya know projecting like every other fucking game does .
it honestly feels like a bunch of new hires just worked on thinks game and even if they did try to fix it the code is such a mess of spaghetti now it would take forever like tf2 but 200 times worse .
i remember when burger king sold tmnt vhs tapes in the early 90 's .
from what little i know of unital ring it sounds like another massive shitshow .
kirito and the gang never catch a break lol .
as an addendum the mods are n't illegal some of them are simply bad ideas .
additionally as an experiment you might try using rational thought and stop throwing lol '' in every other sentence you type .
it literally means laugh out loud and you 're clearly annoyed since you bothered replying .
once you take care of those you might not sound so much like an autistic nine year old .
also do n't bother replying your opinion on this post means about as much to me as a spoonful of dirt .
simply downvote me and move on with your life .
rip the moderators are n't fantastic at keeping up with the new users
also to me getting diagnosed at 25 made me feel a whole lot better about myself .
grywam w proste gry imprezowe łatwe do nauczenia w podchmielonym towarzystwie .
karmaka miała być pierwszą ciut ambitniejszą karcianką dla niedzielnego gracza i w tej roli spisuje się bardzo fajnie .
w tej grze kilkukrotnie umierasz i odradzasz się co ciągnie za sobą dwie ciekawe mechaniki .
po pierwsze musisz rozgrywać obecną partię i jednocześnie myśleć o partii swojego przyszłego życia .
po drugie karma wraca więc każdy uczynek zagrany na innego gracza może być przez niego wykorzystany w przyszłości .
did you try with the mode on both '' again ?
i do n't have an m.2 ssd so i ca n't test anything .
i think i read somewhere here on r/thinkpad that the t440p m.2 slot was only for wwan though .
i know i 'll have to deal with it lol just needed to rant .
with the cannibal corpse thing i get that it might not be the point but i feel like they go about it in such a terrible way .
the lyrics are n't ... good at least in my opinion .
like i 'm totally cool with horror and violent lyrics but i 'd like them to be written well an poetically like the entire everblack album .
i feel like cannibal corpse often does this thing where they just poorly narrate violent acts for what seems like no real purpose .
people want the speed buff to happen but do n't upvote scores like this ok
do you put effort into making garbage posts that get heavily dv 'd or does it just come naturally
my dad has used the same shampoo brand my entire life .
since he would be up and off to work before i even woke up most days i was rarely around him soon after he would shower .
the exception to this was vacations i 'd share a hotel room with my parents and when i 'd wake up the room would smell strongly of his shampoo .
occasionally now i 'll visit my parents in the evening and my dad will have taken a shower after working in his woodshop .
as soon as i smell that shampoo i have incredibly strong memories of childhood summer vacations .
i have some but obviously i do n't post them p
i 've been working on this game for a few hours now and it has been quite a fun experience .
it 's my first time designing a game from scratch .
rumble was landing bombs and gus was conscious somehow .
i do n't think either guy gets the finish and it is going to be another close decision .
why do you think you have to play earlier games in a series ?
if you played skyrim did you also play arena daggerfall etc. ?
they seem to be about on par with eachother give or take http gpu.userbenchmark.com/compare/nvidia-gtx-1070-ti-vs-amd-rx-vega-56/3943vs3938 the real deciding factor for you is that if you are interested in variable refresh rate technology in monitors freesync is going to typically be significantly cheaper to get in a monitor compared to gsync .
i have n't heard that term before today but as a fan of westerns i 'd like to know more .
i 'm not in a place where i can really believe i 'm god and have power .
i do n't want to be alone and unloved .
see people should have gotten out a map i said that .
how is he homophobic what examples do you have ?
he is n't homophobic in the slightest if you actually look at what he says and watch his videos and lectures .
and the fuck do you mean by pro-rich propaganda '' ?
i like delve a lot and would really like to see it move to core but i have some reservations about it doing so without some tweaking done first .
i 'm concerned if some steps are n't taken it 's going to have an adverse effect on the overall build meta .
anything with infinite scaling tends to have an effect to condense a meta and hopefully delve can escape that with some tweaks .
i 'd like to see it somewhat decoupled from maps .
have it be closer to what uber lab is now .
either make sulphite account bound or have it be tradeable like any other currency .
this would allow delve to form it 's own meta similar to lab runners as people could make dedicated delve runner characters .
while we knew the story we just did it for fun ...
same with going over bridges how long can i hold my breath kinda deal
did n't know in some countries they did that in switzerland first shots are at 2 months .
the canaanites are still waiting on their fair share of the royalty fees
i 've been rocking only the patriotic chick every day since then !
redux a few years back for 15 and meliora redux for 10 .
same thing happening with me except for the red chem ability upgrade reimbursement/refund
i expect he means if that 's the case what is a pension doing for me that a savings account is n't '' rather than why bother saving are all '' .
it would go well with my skulls ... very jealous !
overall yes most think messi is better than maradona but in argentina many consider him as the best player ever
i 'm not sure i 've ever experienced a cev so i ca n't be sure .
but it 's similar to when you put too much pressure on your eyes e.g .
the only difference is that when you do that the only colours you get afaik are purples/browns etc .
when you say there is a difference between the two i do n't understand .
in my eyes this is just a group of people of their rocker trying to draw up controversy and actions like this kid took .
but im really interested in your eyes what do you see as the difference ?
clean your cutting board beforehand after every use people .
i think this kind of delusionment normally occurs between 2 patients with hospital bands .
i wish i could tell you that u/spydad24 fought the good fight and the brothers let him be .
i wish i could tell you that but the 90s were no fairy-tale world .
well i used to agree with you but there is this strange and very useful bug
with kalista at high as you know you ca n't hop as often as you can attack then you have the choice of standing still with high as or moving around but limitting your as depending on your ms actually
for some reason this disapear when you are under lt proc leading you to insane kiting speed .
this is really interessing especially in teamfight where kalista is n't the best usually
i spent ages waiting for an instant healing usb with last stand .
for several months ramza was using the lamia 's flute as his weapon in order to maintain the hastega from shout for longer .
when i finally looked at it i felt like an idiot and eiko started becoming a major part of my teams .
why do you say no carnage when he was datamined with miles morales ?
kookaburra in the old gum tree merry merry king of bush is he .
laugh kookaburra laugh kookaburra how gay your life must be !
the car is awful but it 's great at being awful every day with no issues lol .
two different programs that you can pay for 85 for 5 years for tsa pre-check .
you go to an office and get pre-certified by answering several questions and having your fingerprints taken .
as a frequent business traveler i use it and it comes in handy .
it has nothing to do with with privilege or race preference .
getting his spells back is so counterintuitive to all-in lol
oops i meant ... another reason for missisauga to leave the region of peel
i talked so so much about the end of my marriage and still am on reddit lol that i eventually got a bit sick of it and did n't want to think about it quite so constantly .
everyone i know loves it but does n't want to drop the money to buy one too .
det er vanskelig å si noe ene eller andre veien .
kanskje var det slik at han var naiv og hovedsakelig fikk inntrykket av tyskerne gjennom nazi-vennlige foreldre .
uansett kan skjønne at det kan være vanskelig å bære en slik skam blant landsmenn i etterkrigstiden og sikkert kjipt å kjenne på å måtte gå i selvforskyldt eksil samtidig som man lengter hjem .
det unnskylder selvfølgelig ikke å bære naziuniform men det er jo en menneskelig dimensjon i det hele på begge sider .
first it 's best not to use any labels for yourself such as gay or straight .
let your mind naturally gravitate to a specific person you find attractive without considering their gender .
the trouble with today 's sexual identity politics is that people feel the need to fundamentally define themselves through how their genitals comes in contact with another human .
second the biological purpose of sex is for procreation .
the imitation of sex through stimulation is for psychological pleasure .
sex for pleasure is like eating some tasty food but then vomiting out its contents .
how much do you hate your life that you have to flush your life force into a tissue or somebody 's orifice .
sex with a partner for purposes other than procreation is just mutual masturbation despite the world convinces us that it is the highest expression of love .
hug and even kiss them but avoid using your penis for anything other than it 's biological use of procreation or urination .
fourth realise the pleasures of sex is a state of mind coming from fantasy .
it is a drug to stimulate the mind for a few seconds and then you are back to the real world of problems and depression .
fifth try to find out how you can derive the same feeling of sex without having sex .
the concept of nofap is to lower dopamine addiction .
train your body to rely on small doses of dopamine watching a beautiful sunset going for a walk doing interesting work rather than hard jolts of dopamine exhilarating sex sensuality junk food .
over time your body feels a constant but subtle high rather than the high and lows of fapping in whatever form .
sixth do no try to possess or own anyone .
not for one night and not for a lifetime .
you do not need to have sex with anyone to feel connected or feel like an us .
seven find out what masculine and feminine qualities you lack and work on yourself to be both masculine and feminine .
forgive those who shame your lack of masculinity or feminity .
eight love god and serve him above all else .
sexuality is not a deal breaker for giving up god .
sc2 is a lot more different to broodwars than go is to 1.6 .
mourinho would do well because he can have the under dog mentality all the time and teams that can be punished when they lose the ball .
an excellent video review about the possibilities of the swipe advertising platform from cryptoplanet .
i am sure that this review will help many users to learn more about the capabilities of the platform and their benefits .
when only 5 of the african-american population support you it 's hard to imagine getting even less support from them i imagine .
but this is trump i 'm sure he 'll find a way .
maybe not as it displaces many tons of water .
it would take a yuuge amount of force to push it down .
likely just build it in place and pump it dry .
also surprised that it 's wood how long will it last ?
he just said that people get offended about everything .
your siblings can do the same until too young to do so then yes that responsibility should definitely fall onto your parents .
you 're right that you ca n't do anything about the holes in the walls unless you are the one making them .
i 'm not suggesting you need to pay the bills fix the walls and be the adult in the house .
i 'm only saying you can easily be responsible for your own laundry at 16 your mom should n't be doing your laundry for you at that age anyway .
i fed the dog did some chores weekly like vacuum and clean off the tables .
yes your parents are n't being the best that 's for sure .
if you have the basics and your house is n't crawling with termites and cockroaches ?
your parents are lazy that 's it assuming there is no mental physical abuse or other abuses .
cps ca n't make them be not lazy when they come home from work .
alright i understand college is expensive but a garbage bag instead of a backpack ?
is there a bigger context or is this guy just weird ?
that 's why i said they would have to have at least a 3 month wait .
going to keep myself as anonymous as possible but this post is very misleading .
i work for one of the companies that is owned by autotrader 's parent company cox automotive .
kelly blue book is n't exclusively owned by autotrader kelly blue book is owned by cox automotive and each of its companies underneath it use some form of kbb product/information .
this is n't exclusive to autotrader there 's a much bigger picture to how kbb works in the automotive data world .
there is n't the max player level restriction on this page meaning starting from which level you ca n't fight a marauder .
for instance at level 215 i ca n't fight a malassa even if a friend has one .
is there anywhere i can find good quality freelancers ?
does n't mean he would n't play for a team in a bigger league and a bigger wage
i would n't bank on these guys in standard but if i had to choose i 'd go thompson if he plays .
no one is addressing this and it is weird to me .
sorry not seeing this until monday so that 's all i got ta say for now .
i never got why dying while successfully performing the seven wonders made you ineligible to be the supreme in a world where not only can you be brought back from the dead but you can still be the supreme if that happens .
it 's not like zoe did n't perform transmutation and she performed each of the seven wonders at some point .
sidenote about coco though would n't gluten detection count as divination ?
i do n't know if coco 's the next supreme because she 's around cordelia 's age .
if cordelia 's rapid decline is because there 's a new supreme i think it 's tied to michael 's rapid aging .
physically he 's in his early to mid twenties but he was born in 2004 .
if the average supreme is in power for a few decades it would definitely explain why she 's already starting to lose her powers if michael grew into the sort of age where most supremes come into power in the space of what seven or eight years ?
saying that the supremacy never made a whole lot of sense .
if it 's one witch per generation why did nobody consider that cordelia would be a candidate when she 's the only witch introduced of her generation ?
if that is the case then it could just as easily be mallory with michael being the next supreme after her ?
if that 's the case then it could just be a result of cordelia 's short reign being tied with the fact that she 's a late bloomer and mallory is still the next supreme .
if i am ovulating currently what should my temp do ?
ask on r/mm i expect lots of people did n't want the caps
it is quite pretty when it 's done i 'd have to agree !
we get our say just like every other nation .
their geographical borders changed after 1939 with the molitov ribbentrop pact where the western portion of ukraine was added from poland .
yes the source apparently excludes data earlier than 1959 because of inconsistency reasons .
in reference n7 they say http imgbox.com/josdci8d note 3 the 1926 and 1939 censuses have been excluded from the results due to the changing geographical boundaries of russia around that period or rsfsr as it was known at the time .
i understand that ukraine went independent in 1991 after the fall of the soviet union .
i also understand that before that year ukrainians considered themselves as russian .
however even though it was the ukraine ssr '' as part of being russia before 1991 and ukraine '' on and after 1991 both pre and post-1991 areas are comparable in the sense that they contain roughly the same demographic population under roughly the same area of land .
so it 's consistent as far as i can see in terms of comparing ethnicities before and after this date .
i mean do you think the ethnicities explicitly stated in the very original source demoscope.ru are misleading in some way ?
i like pushing it if there are no other people in the store .
i just ca n't deal with stupid people and a giant cart at the same time.. lol
no memes read the sidebar i like this though i 've done it
mine came with a sanwa type stick so no mod needed for me .
not always a fan of cats but i could give that one a home
awesome choice with the red borneo my favorite strain !
that 's actually what i made my tea with not sure why it turned out so energetic though .
perhaps the sedating alkaloids were damaged by the heat of the water ?
i do n't find red borneos to be super sleepy but definitely less energetic than i expected .
at least the gop i think underestimated what an actual nutjob trump has become they spend half of their time and energy just keeping him propped up while they undermine and sell out our country to human rights violators like saudi arabia
sold our house and downsized to something smaller for the big bump and then we just decided to go ham and get rid of the debt .
we cut our spending drastically and put 50 of our pay cheques toward debt before paying anything else .
i can drink enough to still be way too drunk to drive even after 8h .
went through the same thing except i live for two things money and me .
do n't get me wrong i love to do other things but those are always on top .
i went to rock bottom and i was actually happy there but one day people threaten my family for money and i did n't have any .
god it was the hardest realization that you could not help the people you love .
it was then and there i drew the line .
i worked hard and put myself in position to where i stood on top .
so what i 'm trying to say is yeah life is a chore but its also a challenge and you can either do the bare minimum or push your self to the top .
life has to many things to offer and usually the best things take hard work .
i sometimes catch myself staring at it way too long it 's an awesome graphic .
i want to do some track days but i 'm making payments on my bike and i might cry if i drop it .
darkness stomping its foot at light yelling what the fuck took you so long ? ''
could do big arcs around the field and sorta manage power adjustments when i pick up speed so i would drop altitude but i realized i was going to have to put in so much time to get marginally good at it .
but it 's made of all the things i have to taaaaake
as far as like social media school bs and economics .
that 's why i stopped sharing on social media .
it 's easier if you let go and just worry about your life and your inner circle .
let 's hope femgil has a better personality than her male counterpart
might be off putting for you but i have several friends like that .
the bulk of his wealth creation came from property investments most crucially freehold land mostly in hk but also overseas .
his philanthropy plans is actually old news he started revealing it circa 2010 or so the local press has since credited his wife jasmine for the financial shrewdness while crowning chow as the 'property king ' among hk entertainers .
he 's personally more interested in collecting selective antique cars cameras but i read somewhere his wife has weaned him from this extravagance .
no because the church is true but the people are n't .
now i want a reboot with an all-vampire cast of characters .
does it seem likely that several cities will get together and you wont be allowed into a large area they occupy without agreeing to the laws they pass ?
that happens now too difference is these places would be unable to force law on you and do not have eternal existence .
if everyone in that area abandoned the laws of that area that law would disappear .
but current cities ca n't do that at all .
and if you are born there will you be subject to the same rules or will you be forced to leave if you do n't agree to all of the areas rules ?
but we 're taking about neighborhood sized areas not continent sized the way states are today .
and you can form your own city of you choose .
your ability to choose the law you want to live by is something not offered in today 's majoritarian systems .
literally everyone on here is posting name-artist so i did too
this guy ate two big gobs of it to kill himself .
no matter how good you are at supporting they 'll squander everything and turn the game into a coinflip .
you really think a master or challenger support is gon na lose at gold they can win the lane 1v2 even with soraka .
why even duo if you play with someone with the same skill as you he 's eventually going to hold you back if you really want to improve .
but the problem that helped create the empire was nearly every planet being dependent on a centralised republic military .
why once defeating that system would they just go and replicate it ?
it 's no bo3 but the sprinting and sliding and grappling make it super easy to zip around the map .
maps feel smaller as a result which hurts the spawning .
you had enough space to breathe on those maps because bo2 was a slower game .
i just booked a trip roughly 150 days outs .
i was really worried i would n't have luck but suprisingly i went very similar to you .
it will be my first time at chef art 's as well .
i went for the nostalgia as well but the food is actually good .
it is one of 2 places i constantly think about even when away from wdw
after a long day at epcot i 'm always happy to walk to beaches and cream for some desert
i actually did n't do be our guest for dinner for the first time in awhile .
personally i 'm not a fan of the menu changes from last year but i have n't heard anybody else complain .
via napoli is the other place i constantly think about .
it 's literally the first place i go to everytime i go to disney .
orlando airport magic express drop off carry on at resort via napoli .
the only person who has made kavanaugh 's life hell is kavanaugh .
i know you thought the nose ring would be a cute and sexy addition but the better choice would have been a paper bag
ohh so basically when i see the burn in of my navigation bar it is all the white surrounding the black or gray buttons that gets burned in kind of around the buttons if that makes sense ?
if i turn on a black theme for my gboard would it cause noticeable burn in ?
you would think in places that are prone to natural disasters they would spend more money on durable housing instead of having to do damage control and spending billions on restoration .
but there 's probably more to it that i do n't understand .
i 've been in school for far too long now
i have some content and would n't mind using my hard drive to interface with her sata .
if mods get a hammer can users get one too when we 're nailed with the update ?
what do you want us to do for your account .
i 'm so sick of these kind of post here .
i flew it in the second-last row a few weeks ago .
beer and a sleeping pill helped me make it through .
i 'm sitting here nodding and agreeing with everyone 's assessments
this is a headline that i never expected to read in my entire life
general i have marked a new settlement on your map '' .
i get that the whole butterflies at the beginning is nice but not always having to keep up the appeal is really nice .
not saying i let myself go but i can be me without fear of judgment .
he knows all my weird habits and i his we do n't have to hide that from each other .
if i 'm having an off day instead of feeling like i look like crap he says i 'm beautiful like any other day .
it 's just nice that i fully satisfy him with my prescience alone and vice versa .
from the last couple of times this picture was posted here
you can work through these issues both her by herself and together as a couple .
a professional will give her resources and help heal from the trauma .
you seem beyond kind and understanding together with love time and patience things can begin to work .
but i think bringing in a professional is the most important first step to take .
and if you need a release make time for that .
after she is asleep in the shower when you have alone time .
and maybe talk to her about it make sure she is comfortable with that .
yo i thought we were done with this touchdown commercial kickoff another commercial thing
we got a pupper that looks a lot like that too !
in master of mankind when he 's trying to fix angron he explicitly states that he is their creator not their father and that they are nothing more than tools .
i assume that people that post on this sub are generally following a recipe from serious eats.. why not include the link ?
edit or am i completely wrong in that assumption ?
sorry if that 's the case it 's coming from a place of pure jealousy .
there are areas where rocks are colored like this so the rock coloring is perfectly acceptable .
variation of color can vary from place to place and season to season .
i would like to see other pictures from other angles .
if you do decide to mess with the grass another way to add shading and such on the grasses is by lightly dry brushing lighter greens with a wide brush .
or using a ground wash vallejo makes various sorts and has tutorials .
if it is intended to be played on a lot you 'll probably end up reflocking places down the road .
use that as an opportunity to place brown patches or dead trampled grass where placement of models wore off the existing flock .
so right now you have a spring look to the piece but in the future you might have a more late summer look .
as the piece evolves over time with wear tear and repair it will have more of a story to it .
imagine placing a scorch mark where someone died by a fireball .
they come back to play and there is a scorch mark where they died .
they think they 've maybe seen that hill once bit it looks different .
and they wonder to themselves if that scorched earth was a campfire or something more sinister ...
unfrozen butter some types of dogs that whole stick would be gone in one gulp .
i remember an old clip on youtube of someone feeding their pit bull possibly a cross it was huge a bean burrito .
you could put s0ms reaction over a video of a girl getting fucked and i would n't question it
they do come with ftos on one partition you just need to boot that partition but default though they ship for a pxe mode from memory .
i had a jenkins job that built a linux image for these and if any new devices were discovered it would run a deployment job to them so they 're ready to go .
there should also be a little front slide out tag looks like a tiny plastic notch .
pull it out at the front and it 's got the local dell numbers and sn .
did you just say the great emu war and the possibility of a second one are n't serious ?
nah if we 're going for big losses antietam came first .
both however demonstrate lee 's inability to see the big picture .
he was a good tactician and had charisma but that only gets you so far .
not in either picture and that is not a complaint .
but mainly just hear to tell you st. bernadus in the shower with the proper glass is a thing of beauty .
8th inning is when we need to keep it sharp and it was sloppy on the mound .
if this were in la we would have lost .
hot take a lot of jokes '' about white people are unfunny and hostile .
dave chappelle is an example of a comedian whose racial jokes poking fun at all racial groups including whites are clearly meant in good humor and are also genuinely funny because they involve wit .
a lot of jokes about white people from contemporary progressives amount to white men are rapists and hate minorities lol fuck them '' which a is not really witty b is obviously antagonistic because it 's what they actually believe .
however i may feel about this girl if she doesnt feel the same there is little left to discuss .
i wouldnt attempt to persuade her to like me or make attempts to woo her .
if shes already said no then the only real option is to accept that and for me to move on .
maybe i can be friends with her but it will never be more than that .
her lack of interest in me as a partner will not change if i become friends with her but i may gain a true friend out of it .
i would make sure to become friends with her for friendship sake not romance .
if i can not seperate my romantic feelings from that than maybe just leave her be instead .
i would not pursue her attempt to win her overn or dwell on it .
but imagine they do it 's literally the same concept as buying insurance
do what you did before but use a thin layer of duck tape to protect the wires and get a peice of paper and lather one side of paper in super glue and wrap it around the duck tape .
once you embrace the laptop for what it is you 'll find it 's a great unit .
used to be able to drop sxs cards in without a reader .
turns out not everyone needs expresscard and not everyone needs sd .
for me it was a pain carrying around an sd reader i did n't need in the retina units .
by pulling card readers all together it evened things up .
a big advantage is you can get a usb-pd power bank and charge it up in the field .
and i wan na cop these and another pair of reps is it best to get them together or seperate ?
i think we should forcibly take people 's property and redistribute it .
the sonic screwdriver scene sold me on segun akinola on my first watch .
subsequent viewings i 've been sold on him throughout the background music does n't jump out at you though it is gorgeous but when it 's appropriate like the screwdriver scene it absolutely shines .
which i think is a good balance to find .
definitely try using lube next time but there 's also a chance of a condition where your foreskin is too tight which could be causing this if you are n't circumcised .
if the lube does n't help you can avoid the discomfort by using condoms again and speak to your gp about your options .
stuff it full of lead shot before returning it too .
that way the original party has to pay the cost .
they finished the anime series they were watching and now they are taking a break by playing for honor .
yeah specially when they started to run double teleport in mid and other teams couldnt react .
i dont get why this is hard to find though it was a really funny article
well actually it is a modus operandi in vdv units .
our battalion is supposed to be ready to be deployed in 7 hours so we always had live ammo in ifvs .
although that bmd was broken it was still a part of the battalion so it followed the same rules .
they are already making y the last man tv show with
i love that comic even though i have yet to finish book 4 and 5
get off my dick already i deleted the thread .
does n't quite fit with any of the other phobias .
would make more sense to use a 'miso ' hate root rather than 'phobia ' fear .
if you have hp laptop there are some guides in their pages now .
tabc does this all the time in a variety of ways and venues .
pb llä ei olisi mitään voitettavaa jonkun opiskelijan mollaamisessa .
virallisessa tai elinkeinoelämän tehtävässä olevat henkilöt on seulottu valittu ja sopiviksi havaittu tehtäviinsä koska ovat edelleen tehtävässään joten heihin kohdistuvassa kritiikissä on aina myös vähintään implikoitu kärki organisaatiota kohtaan .
epa under pruitt has been the slap in the face america needs to say no more shitting on the environment . ''
oh wait ... no ... we 're happy with literally nothing and a few internet points .
you get promoted to 0 lp though either way .
with such a large difference in mmr you are almost certain to have skipped division too if you won a game at 80 lp rather than 99 lp .
whereas you only need to be like two divisions down very common to have 2 division difference in mmr to demote from 1 lp .
i feel like this also happens if you hover between two divisions .
the first time this happened to me was when i was hovering between division 4 and division 5 and demoting/promoting every other day .
simple i do n't like the word used in that context so my brain kinda ignored it as being oh em gee so savage guise i said my bad that i did n't get it and made a big deal but humor is subjective fam
just want to confirm but a 'valid ' pass phrase does not actually mean that it 's a pass phrase to a currently created wallet but rather that the format itself is correct for a pass phrase ?
and so if its correct in format and not connected to any wallet we 're just creating a brand new wallet ?
as i 've created around 20 new wallets in the last few days of trying to solve this puzzle lool
i 've never tried dxm but this kinda makes me never wan na try it now lol
not the best shitpost i 've ever seen ... not the worst either .
but i think that 4-year olds are capable of making waaaaay more decisions than our society gives them credit for .
i 've seen kids this age make very poignant observations and choices that if we only gave them a bit of freedom to actually experience the outcomes might prove to be better choices than most adults .
i have a 3.5 year old and i think he 'd be very very capable of communicating to a court or to whomever if he were in a situation of similar distress and wanted to make a different choice for his near-term future .
not really needed to be sharpened but you cant even cut your finger on them most of the time .
must be a dream come true for him to get to manage the club he started out with .
i 'm sure there 's a romantic part of every arsenal fan that would like to see him manage here at some point .
hopefully his managerial career goes well enough that he can earn such a position .
no actually you did you wall of texted me after my first comment
okay thanks i was in a top eu team back in cod 4 but have only played seriously on pc since then .
load king nothing outlaw torn ai n't my bitch 2x4
hwtsd hardwired atlas rise moth into flame now that we 're dead confusion
white wolf trademark shoutout was a cult part of old wwe games
cyberpunk is just the poor man 's science fiction which is the poor man 's rich man 's daughter .
you basically just described most of my non-*andrei rublev tarkovsky experiences and even that one dragged at times .
i got a chance to see solaris in a theater and enjoyed it more than i did the first time but ultimately i have a difficult time locking in while watching his movies even though i generally find them intriguing .
every time i watch his movies i still feel compelled to not give up with him though .
my second viewing of solaris even though i still did n't love it solidified that for me .
i 'm still looking for another tarkovsky experience like how i felt when andrei rublev switches to color at the end and i ended up being completely emotionally overwhelmed .
still one of the highlights of my movie watching over the last year or so even though i have n't revisited it since .
think also they proved what they needed to prove in wec .
the q w r combo is one of the best combos on his kit when you face more than 1 foe and if you know the enemy can flash use you q to close distance then use the first auto and insta use tiamat then wr as fast as you can thanks to the w he will be forced to flash since u used it at meelee range and he ca n't go as fast as you or predict where the w blades will go back since you are invisible if he flash you can catch him up because of the movement speed and he already has 3 blade 's end marks q w r blades and if he do n't flash he will get slowed because of the w 's blades also you get close to him and all of his allies and if he do n't have falsh he will receive both w and r hits so you do n't need meelee q to finish him off i hope this helps you .
this is more of a ysk than a til imo .
especially because the biggest part of cursed child does not take place in our present but in albus ' fourth year which is still in our future .
also jk rowling wrote this text a few years ago around 2015 ?
there are so many moments when words are more powerful than action .
a parent disciplines a child along the same pretext .
the child is forced into an action by word of the parent .
the action is the response behind why that word has been given .
like if a parent warns not to play in the road for example ... if a child disobeys there are severe consequences between a parent possibly spanking child to get child to hear the word or the child getting run over by a car .
there 's a relationship between word and action that often seems highly underrated and i do see where you 're coming from .
i was asked to remain out of someone 's life recently who i 'd much rather not be out of ... but for me to go and bother this person constantly would be going against my word so out of love i honor the request .
it 's thefederalist what more needs to be said .
it 's people who constantly complain about star wars in irrelevant places like people who gripe about nickelback or ghostbusters 2016 i ca n't stand .
it 's getting so that star wars haters are more annoying than militant atheists jesus and peta-freaks combined .
shut up and let the rest of us enjoy it .
not even joking i absolutely would especially if these were the only conditions .
i 'd just use something on my fist for padding punch them into something soft so they would n't get hurt by hitting anything and i 'm not that strong anyway so there would really be no danger .
i dont see why youre crying he wasnt even rude .
i go through a love hate relationship with sex and i 'm more comfortable talking with people who can relate to that in their own lives .
i would not want anyone to feel sorry for me that 's all i can say .
granted society thrives as every citizen is equally forced to work far beyond their capacity with no time for individual interests and people constantly dying from overworking themselves such that the population stays a constant number .
you cant put eg and lgd in the same line if we consider talent of players
it 's not unpopular all the pros are saying its the best gun it 's pretty much an smg replacement .
i know hard to believe it 's been a decade already .
i played through the series again trying to sweep up some old achievements and mainly for nostalgia .
i have to say dead space 1 really held up really well !
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/2jmvq4 price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/2jmvq4/by_merchant
ofc dependent on location and exact choice of parts .
the full list of party parrot commands can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/partyparrot/wiki/howto .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/partyparrot if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah we are not talking about sharing needles for heroine .
the leaps you have to take to make your point are ridiculous .
fluid bonding is in every sense and usage of the word limited to piv/pia no matter how much you struggle .
which basically means that every person who kisses someone else is fluid bonded ?
fluid bonding is specifically mentioned as a term because it bypasses the regular barrier safety method for penetrating intercourse .
there 's not a soul who sees ops comment and thinks oh they agreed to start kissing '' .
everyone knows op means they are fucking without condoms .
if you look for tumbling media '' or polishing media '' you 'll see similar shaped things ...
and the kavanaugh thing is largely more about politics than anything else the guy accused by mattress girl '' did nothing wrong and it 's more about 'fuck guys just because '
what 's the smell level like even with the recommended filters though .
well yeah but what do they do if it floods in there ?
at this time of the year the yearly festival of lights '' and berlin leuchtet '' translated berlin shines are in berlin .
sadly i have n't seen many of those cool animation in this year..
he certainly was n't ranked first at some points .
it may have been over a year prior to his draft though .
liljegren fell a lot because he had injuries in his draft year i believe
there 's a reason dems did n't try to paint him a negative light by showcasing his support of the patriot act .
after all dems are just as complicit to its passing .
that was more of a heavy glide than a rumble
first of all let me apologize for the way your question was answered because it was not !
generally speaking no we do n't promote da flavors but that does n't mean there are n't good ones other than pb .
some ppl prefer them and that 's ok. to rate something an abomination w/o every trying it and having no experience w it is not right and it bothers me these guys just feel the need to answer every question when clearly they 're not qualified to and that 's ok some questions do n't apply to you and then you should just move on to the next instead of turning this question into this fuckery it turned into.. so sorry and maybe someone that can w help you but know we 're not always so unhelpful ...
surprise i can google black ops hacks '' too .
obviously this is n't my first fps i know when hacks start ruining games .
so either you 're seeing hacks where there are n't any people do this constantly or you 're extremely unlucky .
it 's not like i do n't want developers to spend time buying premium hacks then adding them to their anti-cheat but they 're slow and lame
apple tv is n't as good as it should be coming from apple
he 's like well ... ca n't combat that ...
is aaron colvin a significant loss depth chart says jonathan bademosi is the backup hes not very good last time i checked
this new version is a lot nicer looking and easier to understand .
i 've got 50 z-wave devices throughout the house and have n't had only 1 failure and it was a cheap monoprice door sensor .
all my ge stuff has been fine except one outlet on the av stack that 's been questionable .
that skull is for the free blundergat there 's four more around the map .
coward actually has to resort to straight up lying just to shit on baker jesus .
if they are n't gon na spare a day to get a logo painted on the van they are n't going to waste any time getting that catering where it 's got ta be .
the quality might be shit but bet your ass you 'll get them jawns quick .
i live in australia and my copy of uya definitely says that .
i doubt it her story with littlefinger is far from finished it will take atleast another book to wrap up the vale plot by the end of winds i fully expect that zombie jon has already won the north .
probably but i expect that will be after the war for dawn .
i do n't care as long as he puts up 0 's
i think most people getting to competition leanness for example are gon na need a lot of cardio and are the ones who would suffer the most from not properly reverse dieting .
yup this is what 's lost on people bc most cod players are console players .
kinda like comparing a computer the size of a room to a ibm 5150 20 years after that .
we tend to lose weight all over every circumference shrinks slimmer waist slimmer arms slimmer legs slimmer neck .
to our eyes we look exactly the same but the scale shows we 've lost more than 10 of our body weight !
you build muscle in your legs and arms and your waist and neck shrink fast and your legs and arms do n't shrink fast .
r/bodyweightfitness ' own recommended routine https www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/kb/recommended_routine no gym required
do one of those or mix-and-match to your liking based on the equipment that is available .
i do n't know which shirt that is but you helped me remember one of my favorite movie scenes of all time .
ive seen hats bandanas etc taken many times mine included so if you value that you may want to leave it at home .
agreed with someones comment above security is much more lax now nothing compared to like concord for instance .
still id say crotch it better safe than sorry .
for lines its usually not bad but i was at zhu last weekend and it was impossibly bad in the rain no less .
we probably waited over an hour and got in just as he was starting when thinking we 'd miss about ten minutes of the opener .
michigan 's defense is ass all of a sudden .
i 'm from the uk visiting texas atm and it 's insane to me how much easier it is to buy a gun but i ca n't access my pokerstars account .
not a trade lure just the standard pking lure .
was still new to pking and did n't realize that the guy i was owning ran me straight to the north side of the dark fortress .
then he throws on splitbark top and robes and tbs me .
it was at that point i realized i had fucked up .
sweet would it also do good on an l96 i 'm in the process of building .
is this the first documented evidence of someone rolling coal on innocent bystanders ?
i 'll take 9 spot if available..or any random winning number of your choosing .
yea did the glitch on the 360 when the game first came out had everything and then about a week later it was all gone ¯ ツ ¯ whatta you gon na do .
but yea i got a xbox one if you want i can pm my gamer tag and see if we got games in common .
how the hell do you not fall in love with every boy you meet ?
i 'm tired of unnecessarily getting my heart broken within the time frame of when i first meet them to finding out they 're straight
add that to the list of things that i need to talk to a therapist about that are way overdue
when i made my days pay in an hour with my hobby .
the broadcast is for the national audience so they 're going to talk great about both teams .
never understood why this annoys people unless all they enjoy is homerism .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
also i do n't know that there has ever been a pryor i liked .
well it 's a good thing none of those rowdy antifa types were present or things might have turned violent !
i do n't want a regional championship at all .
why allow one weekend 's worth of games invalidate the results from the previous 5 weeks ?
edit further i want league play to be longer so that there 's more certainty that the best team finished 1st
i think we 'll jump up to 7 or 8 bc georgia got stomped so badly .
i do n't think lsu will jump us either .
besides u guys do n't even know that he fucking lied by omission since he didi n't include the parts where he was being a jackass .
i would also like to hear someones expereince with his writing programs .
all the good things ive heard about them have come from jbp and that is obviously a little biased .
i would like to hear if people have had personal experiences with positive results .
i was a waitress as student and you do need social skills specially if you want to get tips .
maggie would not last one day as she is .
that a gambling lobby '' even exists is an indication our society has major problems .
far cry 5 taught me those things kill stupid people .
i could n't hear what it was that shapiro says which provokes the ... go home in an ambulance '' retort .
next time i come across a prude i 'm reporting her .
i meant to ask this to someone who was protected by the psychiatrist but never remembered .
k9moonmoon claimed she got a message that told her she was protected by the psychiatrist .
i get what you 're saying i completely and utterly understand it .
until they come out of the other side of their grief and regain their senses they are dangerous because they are desperate .
talk with a lawyer express that you want to have them in your daughters life that you are willing to set up visits but not at the expense of quality of life .
your daughters life should not be up-ended to appease your inlaws .
i really hope all this shakes out so everyone is happy in the end but for the moment go mama bear and protect your daughter and yourself .
it 's much more likely that it wo n't be until savathun has been put down that the curse will be released .
even if we fight quria next dlc it 's unlikely that her demise would undue the curse .
and there is still xivu who i believe will be in the drifter dlc with penumbra being the final fight against savathun with the last vestiges of the taken/hive army at her disposal .
shit is gon na get hairy and who knows what sort of tricks she will have planned and be executing by then .
after savathun says aiat '' she does and the hive/taken will be functionally broken to the point of hopeful and eventual extinction .
with them out of the way at the very least the curse broken and things looking good so we celebrate .
we get word of the pyramid ships from an extra solar colony nobody knew existed founded before the collapse warning that they need our help because they are the last of several lost colonies that have been rapidly wiped out by this threat .
they need all hands on deck because we all have a common enemy in these beings so we forge alliances with the fallen since mithrax became the kell of kells and the cabal since callus be crushing on us hard and this is the 'abyss ' he saw .
so we roll into a new system with allies and friends who used to be enemies to push back the threat while back in sol the allied leaders plan and prepare the defense of our system which is home to a great many races now .
colony gets destroyed and we barely make it back to sol .
the traveller is now healed enough to send out a small new wave of ghosts that allow fallen and cabal guardians as well as adding function to our own .
rasputin will reprogram the vex from following the sword logic so they no longer fight us but that also are n't doing anything else while they accept the new programming .
the long slow whisper is what rasputin calls it based on findings from ana bray .
merging vex and exo technology will be a game changer but right as the first group of vexo 's are built and activated the pyramids arrive and destroy the crypt .
only nine vexo were created and the bodies are missing when we go to retrieve them .
we are ambushed by an overwhelming unseen force and a massive number of these new aliens .
one of their minor leaders appears and begins to slice our light away hair like strands being stolen and consumed by this being as it 's army looks on with hungry delight in their many many different eyes .
we realize that this army is a hodge podge of races much like the cabal was and our new alliance is only these races came willingly unto the darkness .
the army scatters as mass amounts of them begin to be killed working from the fringes to the inside .
the leader peaces out with the remaining soldiers and before things go black we see three faint outlines of human like beings .
i 'm sorry i do n't know what happened there .
7 he 's a great benefactor of youth his scholarships and personal tutoring have allowed people like gale and jesse to realize their true potential as chemists and he 's given local kids like tomás their first shot at entrepreneurship .
maybe it 's not the good place 😅 where would you recommend to put that ?
i do believe you can ship the bike over from vietnam because when i was there i looked into shipping my win to the netherlands and it should be doable by tanker
hi i have a u-10 team that is n't too tight about the level of players we accept i care more about the instincts the kids have when they play a quick possession game .
individual technique takes time and at times is not the most important thing if you ca n't play as a team .
my kids team is now very very good and technically gifted .
but i always put playing together first over individual ability .
i think getting them to work as a unit defending and attacking and deciding where your players work best is important .
this will provide relief for your team and will create a balance that guides your players in what they have to do .
you can split the practices doing that and then working on technique .
you can also incorporate conditioning and ball work so you can kill two birds with one stone .
pm if you want to have a conversation over this .
imagine if his final smash had a chance of pulling excalipoor ?
whenever i heard his or neiko thorpe 's name i miss them .
he is being paid to write it and it is part of his job .
writing letters of recommendation is a part of what academics do .
it 's part of their responsibility as teachers evaluating students and supporting their education .
you are not required to write one if you are too busy if the request is last minute if the request is rude or if the student is not qualified .
but you can not decide to refuse a request simply because you personally do n't agree with the student 's decision .
that is unprofessional and the university 's decision seems wholly appropriate to me .
op got the world 's longest snipe just let them have their moment .
i know the original poster said he did n't want a beard but understand that shaving is self inflicted injury .
what if the problem is that the wolf population is too high ?
are you implying there 's more to your country than putin on the ritz puns squatting adidas track suits and guns that shoot vodka ?
that 's like saying australia actually is n't upside down .
you missed the point of my reply i 'm trying to point out how unfairly buffed armored units are nowadays .
your point is quite meaningless and brings nothing new into our talk
you said attacking into vengeful fighter is why he loses '' and yeah of course how about me saying alfonse is fully buffed and supported by his allies is why he wins ''
what you commented is already well known and does n't contribute to what we are talking about
people here will rationalize away any sort of wrongdoing .
i 'm finding this completely bewildering and the text at the top does little to explain it .
what does it mean by only lose to '' and only beat '' ? ?
well if you thought grinders are expensive look up the espresso machines that are recommended on this site as well as most others .
for folk on a budget i 'm a big fan of a moka pot instead .
not espresso but a very small fraction of the price and a good cuppa .
republicans were clear in their condemnation of her for that very thing both at the time and whenever she ran for office after that .
she also did n't start praising the people either .
i ca n't from personal experience but i can from what friends have told me .
i 've watched xenosaga episode i which is decent from what i saw but i feel like the gameplay looks a little slow .
keep in mind that i watched it i did n't play it .
i imagine the experience is different if you 're playing the game yourself .
i hear xenosaga episode ii kinda messes up the story though .
bandai namco took takahashi off the team for xenosaga episode ii which was probably a bad choice on its own but because of the poor sales of xs1 i hear the game 's direction changed drastically since bandai intended to appeal more to western audiences although they did follow takahashi 's original script i believe .
xs1 was really the only game out of the trilogy that ended up as they originally intended it .
that said i 've heard episode iii is the best out of the three games that were released in both story and gameplay .
although takahashi was n't director '' for xs3 he was back on the team and it seems like that made a big difference based on what i 've heard anyway .
that 's all i can really say i have n't gotten to xs2 or xs3 myself yet .
newer jets now add humidity through the air system .
too the newer jets let the flight attendants adjust the cabin temperature ourselves rather than having to ask the cockpit who may or may not follow through and passengers can use gaspars air vents to control air flow not temperature by themselves at their seats on many aircraft .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circlejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
altså ved at stort set samtlige negative ungdoms statistikker ungdoms graviditet alkohol og stoffer samt antal af unge under uddannelse er langt bedre end da vores forældre var unge
i have been doing some searches but there are just so many and being a noob so much goes right over my head lol .
i 've never seen an illustration of this but god damn !
hello advofamily ... .we are expecting miracle ivf baby 2 .
was so excited that my doctor approved coreplex plus iron
calcium d3 and omegaplex to use as my prenatal vitamins .
she even said they were better than a prenatal !
i like giving money to floating casino boats edmonton prince george prince rupert port hardy campbell river powell river sechelt gibsons horseshoe bay whistler
the pros and cons of each is too long to go into detail here but i 'll happily answer any questions you might have about any of them .
oh and keep in mind that rental cars do n't typically equip their vehicles with winter tires .
not a problem for most summer trips but they 're required by law after october 1st in british columbia outside the south coast east and north of chilliwack and north of horseshoe bay .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3anewjersey 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3anewjersey 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll check it out you can check me at seasefire if you feel like it .
lmfao you stop at port every 40 days or so right ?
never thought about the whole number but im sure its quite a bit .
tended to stay in those obviously over relationships just to ride it out or scared of letting go ... ... that said i really dont give a shit bc my current partner has never cheated .
i mean i guess its possible but very doubtful .
you could have a super computer and would still lag you 've got a decent set-up already
the threads on r/wow were removed and they did a huge sticky about it with ban threats .
how did you miss that it was just a few days ago .
your submission on r/survivinginfidelity has been removed as spam please contact the mods if this is incorrect .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/survivinginfidelity if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a different since of humor but thats okay
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i mean i already had an idea what to expect from the previous comment but lmao
and i 'm not even smoking and it 's not even my channel lol .
yeah we need a nsfw tag like the nrl sub
yeah i can understand now why jake is the town bike .
when players start shipping you with the killer ... ..
please tell me he does n't believe in the economic man .
i had the same problem with the built in mqtt broker and eventually set up mosca as an external one everything is more reliable and faster now .
once p2p its free to use and is game breaking for multi pvp revs should 1 hit players without bracelets
really good to let people know so they can let you know they care .
it 's important to rationalise your thoughts but do n't immerse yourself in them .
reaching out in any form is important hang out with a friend continue exercising reach out to a friend if you can exercise with a friend .
do n't be too closed about it the more open you are about mental health the easier it is to deal with
i took the picture and they shared it on their own intagram page i assume by screenshot as i never sent them a file .
they potentially could 've downloaded it off my facebook page too .
pls beat ohio state michigan nothing is bigger than my burning hatred for them
cloudsfactory has sales pretty often i grabbed it during christmas in july for 20 off and now i 'm just slowly getting the supplies for it .
it 's still expensive but with the expenses spread out it 's not as bad !
would n't be surprised if he 's already put in to transfer
solid format although this particular version is n't great quality .
check this out ... the link to katie 's beloved former mod original post is in the comments .
do n't try to figure out how tankies think .
that 's a hot take this season imo ... .
someone did post asking about it it might have been legaladviceofftopic and then asked if you can safe haven drop a baby without the mom 's permission like 4 months later .
it 's just that geno is so obscure well not anymore and i feel like there would only be a few people that would actually want him until now
my partner and i recently started taking prep been about a month now i guess no side effects whatsoever .
go get the book this naked mind annie grace you 're going to love it and it 's going to make this sooooo much easier ! !
please go to vinyl groove play it again sam is over priced and their customer service is hot garbage .
if the west is wisconsin 's to lose what a sorry statement on the west .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
one second you can fucking fly next you 're in a freakin cage stuck with other birds
just wondering as ive been turning them in as soon as done
np dude just think of it as of personal hate from bungie and you will be ok. mb not playing destiny but ok for sure .
only 2 strike calls were n't strikes and neither of them were the inning they are complaining about .
i do n't understand why windshields have n't been regulated to be stronger yet .
they are literally the most vulnerable part of a modern car you can go head on into a concrete wall at 50mph in a modern sedan and come out with some minor bruises get side swiped right in the door by a light truck and get a cut on your arm and a sore neck meanwhile a moderate sized rock gets kicked up and it can go straight through and cave your skull in .
and this is to say nothing of the insanely bad practice of low quality replacements that i 've seen people on reddit go 'nah you just got ta replace them every few years ' fuck that .
we need to sit down and force the safety regulators to watch the brick video a couple times .
he was woozy after that first knockdown and never defended well enough to allow himself to regroup
if they could get away with it i bet a cup of coffee they would .
lets look at the amount of federally funded and state funded activities that the average amazon employee uses that would absolutely pull your analysis from mdma induced to just fantastical .
lets also analyze the productivity lost due to traffic from increased public mail volume increased flight wait times increased traffic congestion ... shall i go on ?
amazon is the most blatant example of late-stage capitalism there is .
if you can not see hoe jeff bezos increases the gini coefficient while employing essentially slaves practically no benefits no anything there will absolutely economic benefit however having s much benefit concentrated on one company is risky .
its too bad whole paycheck err foods is run by that arse .
im sorry to attack the man everyone looks up to its just funny everyone is lauding that imbecile .
if you even watched bo pelini husker era football you could get a hint of why he was let go .
and if you play rank what rank are you ?
i notice in the lower ranks evils usually visit vet bait while in the higher ranks they will visit someone who did n't talk n1 .
better investigate pearce for using pine tar to stretch better !
had to walk 5 miles home from school in the snow just to get back to that woolies bag .
you 're trying to put words into her mouth she did n't say .
in case if you are new there are emergency mission in which you get 31 pearls for completing all the missions with type advantage type neutral and type disadvantage team .
you would have seen emergency mission icon besides story mode .
i know jt daniels will be great but you are usc how the fuck do you have a high school kid playing qb ?
it 's perplexing to me how the lynx also owned by glen have been so incredibly dominant while the wolves have been historically awful .
when they make a weird/unusual comment i respond with so ... you wan na unpack that ? usually leads to them spilling their guts and me getting to know someone on a deeper level .
i think he 's still concussed from the beating marchand gave him
my bass guitar is sitting next to my desk unused as we speak .
just shoot them a text just wanted to check in and see how late you 'll be tonight ? you can follow up with no worries or do you mind if i nap on the couch if it 's too late ?
your level of rage is disproportionate ... and you 've never known the man .
maine is cool on a weekend get away from nyc .
i liked the old art too is there are copy some where ?
it looks like a sorcerer in his workshop has turned himself into a crow in order to stare disapprovingly through a hole in the fourth wall .
that or he 's really not sure about the new painting .
considering how i heard a lot of people were underwhelmed with leave the city not me i loved it i 'm surprised it 's still alive npi
do n't know about much better but i certainly preferred 10 's mini-games .
the only other mario party where i was this disinterested in its mini-games was 8
you got ta remember that that logo is also his drone .
tru that i 'm still maybe unreasonably concerned that we lose to uva based on how things have been going
eu fui inicialmente diagnosticado com depressão e tdah e depois meu diagnóstico mudou pra tdah e bipolar tipo 2 bipolar sem mania/psicose .
e enfim me identifico com muito do que você escreveu .
'' os pacientes com depressão acreditam e agem como se as coisas estivessem piores do que realmente são '' frase tirada deste artigo http www.scielo.br/pdf/rbp/v30s2/a04v30s2 sobre terapia cognitivo-comportamental .
esta terapia é efetiva no tratamento da depressão por dentre outras coisas mostrar ao paciente outras formas de pensar .
e mais do que tudo não deixar jamais que um dia seja um zero day '' um dia em que passou em branco e não aconteceu nada .
exercício físico é uma das melhores formas de se manter ativa mesmo quando você está passando por períodos difíceis .
e enfim você tem que encontrar suas próprias estratégias para lidar com o transtorno e melhorar .
eu tenho um quadro branco no meu quarto onde eu anoto meus objetivos pra eu acordar já olhando pra ele .
e me forçar a me levantar sabendo que à medida que eu comece meu dia as coisas vão melhorar .
eu também marco no calendário os dias em que eu pratiquei um hábito que eu quero desenvolver peguei essa ideia do r/thexeffect .
nem sempre eu consigo mas eu estou sempre tentando .
eddy and i took 2 weeks off and we 're coming back next week with a brand new episode .
thank you so much for watching this stuff because both of us have a lot of fun making the podcast .
while he does focus on the atmosphere of the game he does not play solo and since the devs perk card auras appear global they ca n't be used as proof of solo balance .
stanley you crush your wife during sex and your heart sucks .
i suppose everything said on reddit must be 100 accurate and definitely not be a joke s
next time you go to class ask your sensei how cartwheels helped him learn all the throws of kodokan judo or nage no kata or any newaza skills .
how will the hatred go down if nothing is being actively done about it ?
what change is happening now to ensure that say 20 years from now the binational state could be achieved ?
download the practice plugin and the song tower of heaven v2 mapped by zoro .
skip to 0:55 and adjust the song speed to as fast as you can handle without failing .
do n't be ashamed if you have to start at 5 speed .
in my opinion tower of heaven still sounds great when you slow it down unlike most songs which become a distorted mess .
this makes practicing it on repeat much more bearable .
this song has two major sections of complex streams with the first half being slightly easier than the second .
it will teach you patterns and techniques that you will need for the harder maps in the future .
did my reddit user get banned then idek what i would 've posted .
in seriousness is anyone else a little freaqued out by articles trying to cater to the gays/stans like this ?
even if the writers gay it 's just weird i feel exploited ...
as far as her moving on from these guys so fast i may not understand how one can do that game or not when one minute you truly believe that person is your match and you 're all in but then the next you 're just over them completely lol .
i got out of an 11 month old relationship on october 3rd .
i had my first date with someone else on october 9th .
i 've cried a lot since it happened like full on ugly cry .
but i came spend all day crying about it .
however i 'm one of those people who is happier in a relationship and it takes time to find someone compatible so i 'm back on the market .
i love my ex would have loved to work it out but it 's not in the cards .
i 'm not going to sit around pining i 'm going to move on and that involves getting to know other people .
i do n't want to toot my own horn but i know i 'm a catch .
i 'm loyal in relationships smart educated driven funny a hard worker look a good 10 years younger than i am and i truly want to find someone who deserves me and who i deserve .
i want to find the right person not just any person so that entails putting myself back out there and there 's no difference doing it today versus waiting x amount of time .
in this show she 's known him what less than a month .
she to me was more shitty for the sam situation versus getting over tomas quickly .
the reason why you believe it 's not theft is because you 're ok with it .
due to a marked increase in spam accounts must be at least 3 days old to post in r/rickandmorty .
you will have to repost once your account reaches 3 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rickandmorty if you have any questions or concerns .
you are going to jail if you fap to this
yeah someone living paycheck to paycheck takes on a far bigger risk involuntarily with none of the potential reward .
anyone who can truly live solely off of their investments does n't take on anywhere near that kind of risk .
your post was automatically removed because your account is new .
to ensure that your post gets to the right place read the following instructions
if your post is career-related re-post your questions in the latest weekly career discussion sticky thread .
https www.reddit.com/r/engineering/search ? q=flair 3a 22weekly+discussion 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all this applies to you if you are
an engineer asking about job applications interview advice résumé cover letter feedback career expos etc .
if you are a professional engineer and have other specific career-related questions you can post directly to r/askengineers but please read the askengineers rules https www.reddit.com/r/askengineers/wiki/rules before posting .
if you need to interview an engineer for a school assignment use the list of engineers located in the sidebar .
r/askengineers maintains another list located in their sidebar under resources .
if your question is asking about how something works '' post your questions to r/askengineers .
try to include info context related to your questions so the users there can do their best to help you .
read the askengineers submission guide https www.reddit.com/r/askengineers/wiki/rules wiki_how_do_i_ask_a_question.3f for more info .
if you need help with homework do not post to r/engineering or askengineers as it will get you banned .
there is no exception for graduate or post-doc work .
go to r/homeworkhelp r/engineeringstudents or another subject-specific subreddit that allows homework questions .
if your post does n't fit into any of the above categories message us using this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fengineering subject=request 20new 20user 20post 20approval to have your submission reviewed by the moderators for approval .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/engineering if you have any questions or concerns .
but if you meant something to someone if you helped someone or loved someone .
if even a single person remembers you then maybe you never really die at all.
i 'm not angry at the parent i 'm just saying that the system should kick all afkers because they are all just as bad .
the parent goes afk for 5 minutes and gets a free strike or more due to auto queue just as much as the serial afker .
i do n't have any sympathy for getting them kicked from matchmade events when the duration of the events is so short .
since afking does n't save you any time and just burns the time of other people .
infact the parent squeezing in game time should hate afkers more because their time is so precious .
every minute delayed by an afker is worse for them .
i sensed some anger through the use of quote marks .
100t was n't really that good in na this split .
unless you 're on the clock then they will tell you to go do work .
i was going on war without those 3 is really hard well maxed e-drags and maxed loons and prayers are kind of thing for a sure 2s .
with the prevalence of high rof 32mm pen ships it 's effect on the battlefield has been reduced .
it 's basically limited to anti-bb duties on the backline and has low lategame influence if theres at least 1 wooster harugumo on the enemy team .
it should n't always fall to holder to bail our batting out .
find an excuse to take a step out of the room i need to cool off i need to get some fresh air i need to make/take a phone call etc .
usually there are so many people mingling that as long as you make regular appearances people wo n't notice when you 're gone for 10 or 15 minutes at a time .
if the room is small and you do n't want to offend just mention to the host that you 're not feeling well which would be true you do n't have to say why and are stepping outside for a little bit .
the sdf are only terrorists if you support turkey which let 's be honest nobody should .
hate to break it to you but britain used to have an actual land bridge to europe
including but not limited to pictures of merchandise license plates or other low-value lfc-related images kit questions tattoo discussions etc .
this also includes reaction posts to a match use the post/pre/match threads instead .
high-quality memes will occasionally be allowed based on popularity and depending on the time of year transfer windows major wins/losses
for more information on the rules please visit here http www.reddit.com/r/liverpoolfc/about/rules
i texted some 'you are dead to me now and i 'm much happier '
i messaged a couple of them explaining that 'friendship is not the same thing as just knowing and seeing someone occasionally ' ... dur
i told another i was n't interested in babysitting her kids anymore .
one i told very publicly on instagram that i could n't take her insular opinions for one more second i do n't advise the public way .. too much drama
i do n't have many friends now .. but i also do n't have a plethora off fake ass people i 'm trying to keep up with and please and get used by .
and i can make new friends as soon as i wish x
i have never met anyone that has a problem with virgins or people who do n't want relationships .
although i do want a relationship eventually right now i am happy being single .
for the first time in my life i want to be single and focus on myself .
i admit though it can be kind of annoying when people want to hook me up with their friends or tell me they want to make me a tinder .
i 'm even a conservative person myself but this whole ultra nationalistic shit around the world needs to stop .
the treating of immigrants like pigs and wanting to deport them all send them to jail etc .
if immigrants are coming and working in your country let them .
i 'm living in poland right now they 're like 94 caucasian with like 92 of that being polish born people.. and the president supported a white poland '' protest in warsaw 2017 .
it 's fine to be proud of your country but to think that other people ca n't also be proud of it and live there just because they were n't born there and especially cause of color of skin is fucked .
and do n't get me started on america the land of immigrants trying to deport immigrants .
to be fair a great deal of the downvotes delivered to conservatives '' are n't directed at moderate statements .
a big chunk of them go to statements that only sound moderate to people who are caught in their own little echo chamber of what is normal and what is n't .
this leads people to getting tagged and then people just having a negative point of view of whatever stuff they say .
i lived on a small holding property in south africa .
as you come up the long driveway the main house is in front and the garage/servants quarters are in a small building to the left .
i got home after work one day and as i pulled up toward the house our dog was barking crazily by the garage/servants quarters usually he runs up to the car with his tail wagging so something definitely felt off .
i wound down my window and called him to the car but he never even acknowledged me and kept barking and spun around in circles clearly distressed so i reversed back down the driveway and headed to a nearby friends house .
i told him about the dog barking and we suspected there was someone or something on the property so he grabbed his shotgun and we drove back in our cars and up the driveway and stopped in front of the house .
i got out the car and started calling the name of our groundskeeper who stayed in the servants quarters at the back all the while the dog continued to bark .
suddenly three men armed with guns and machetes bolted out from the servants quarters jumped the fence and escaped into the fields .
then we went into the servants quarters and found our groundskeeper beaten up and tied up to a chair with coat hangers and he told us these men were waiting for one of us to get home so we could be robbed or who knows even worse .
that was some scary shit and we phoned the landlord immediately and told them we ca n't live there anymore and moved out the next day .
back in fall 2012 they were doing all kinds of impressive routines .
this is america we only care about kids if they 're still in the womb .
thank you was just about to reload from last manual save .
i do n't think i could be a nurse they have to deal with too much bull crap to be honest .
i 'd much rather do it on my own .
i guess i have a problem with control haha !
for work i do registration in an emergency room .
so far i 've actually found it better than previous years .
seems to be a lot more demand for a lot of the players and that 's before we 've really had any big sbcs that have made some of them stupid expensive .
helps to take a look at the popular sbc solutions on some of the fan sites .
usually if you have those exact players that are used in the solutions they will sell well .
french and brazilian managers and at the moment i think some saudi bronzes seem to be selling for a lot .
it is all about him so you are alone .
similar for me ... a freeway interchange on my way to work that 's a clover leaf type turn .
been fun seeing autopilot grow over the past 10 months .
at first it would fail about 1/3 of the way into the turn with the hands on wheel red alarm ... . then after a few updates it would get to about 1/2 way point before fail .
the most recent update was still around 1/2 way but sometimes would get almost to 3/4 ... but you would see the lines on the autopilot screen dancing in and out not consistently seeing them at all
now with version 9 it took the turn with no issue at all nice curved road lines on autopilot screen never missed a beat and hopped on the next freeway without issue .
awesome to be a passenger and see this kind of improvement .
so excited to see that horse you 'd think he was mike pence !
this post was removed because you have a new account and we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated please send a message to the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
check out kenobi and the greatest teacher failure is .
i want vit to win this game so then its only us vs them that matters
i was already off and the hotel i was at had a restaurant in it .
we are n't normally put in a nice hotel like that but i guess the other one was full .
i 'm in the air force though so that should explain some of it lol .
unless you 're having an orgy in a hallway it 's not wiping your team .
but if you 're bad and you play stupid yeah sure .
i 've wiped an entire team in that tiny tiny hallway on that mercury map that 's all dark and vexy because all 6 of the idiots were literally standing on top of each other
git gud and stop playing stupid and gear blaming .
you people are the reason we had the pile of crap that was d1y1
is it purely for cost effectiveness or is the r5 2600 better for gaming ?
as i 've said i play rainbow 6 siege and i 've heard that the game is cpu intensive .
is that wrong or does it even make sense ?
i guess i want to know will i get 144 fps consistently with your build ?
none of my friends but i 've heard a few and seen a few in bathrooms .
yeah i 'm pretty sure they can get expelled or atleast in huge trouble if they 're caught which is rare
if you brought in a working bike you should be leaving with a working bike .
back to the shop for them to get it right the second time without cost to you as they should n't send back unfinished work .
of listings 19 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22clarabelle_says 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 60 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20title 3a 22clarabelle_says 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on
i think the same genie magic is the next event i was thinking on it because of sofia the first the show ended also aladinn teaser trailer .
oh i logically know that it 's still counter to my normal intuition .
idk why i guess he did n't like that my dad takes the personality of whoever he 's with so my mom became the bad guy .
till stepmonster comes around and makes my mom look like a saint .
my dad cut ties with his family i repaired the ties he made me cut with them and all of a sudden my mom is the favorite daughter in law again .
especially since she and her mom went to my grandfather 's funeral and my dad his own son did n't .
lol if trant was named tyrion would have just tapped bronn on the shoulder and said you got this i 'll be at the bar.
i have ridden bikes with forks so rusted they did n't compress .
i ran my sportster 's brakes down to the metal once .
i had a single disc up front and burned up a set of ebc greens in 1500 miles .
i heard those pads did n't last long but damn .
your post was automatically removed because it was a self post .
please resubmit your link as a link submission if possible .
however every post will be reviewed in case there is a valid reason for a self post .
if you can see this message this post is still removed
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giveaways if you have any questions or concerns .
you have an open mind about life and are n't afraid to be adventurous and that 's awesome !
u/kyriya the amount of dedication you have to this sub is incredible and you do so much good around here .
u/puppies_and_unicorns you 're a great person for rescuing so many animals and taking care of them !
that 's a pretty big location there with a full sized service bay setup .
i drive past it on the way to work .
however when i called them to ask about my rear upper shock mounts they said my tj was older than they normally work on and declined to help .
they 'll do the basic stuff but it depends on what you want serviced .
odds are this is n't going to be his last relationship .
i 'm looking forward to it and if the game turns out good i will be playing it .
on the nurture side i think there 's crimes of hardship and crimes of privilege .
a person is doing too well they take liberties and play fast and loose with their position .
that same person not doing so well they may feel entitled to take what they need and they may not be wrong in doing so .
they say criminals have failed society and do n't deserve good graces but maybe society failed criminals by not giving them good graces to begin with .
stress trauma inhibition but also compulsiveness and poor impulse control ...
i think we all have violent fantasies stemming from natural anger but hopefully we do n't let that out of the prefrontal cortex .
maybe the criminal has hyperactive excitatory circuits and lethargic inhibitive ones .
maybe their empathy is inhibited but their ego and sense of entitlement is overactive because of inherent imbalances in neural circuitry .
where i used to live i would occasionally see this woman out running .
perhaps had 20lbs on someone like eugenia cooney https wearyourvoicemag.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/maxresdefault-800x452.jpg .
i 'm a recovering bulimic myself and i just ca n't believe that this woman 's weight was achieve via a healthy mind .
i only ever saw her running and sometimes i would see her multiple times a day as if she was running the entire city .
i doubt someone with an illness would be out there like that .
and you want to tell yourself that hey maybe you 're being too quick to judge it 's possible they have some physical disorder ... but you know deep down that no the most likely culprit is a mental disorder .
if it helps someone suffering from this kind of disorder can not be saved from themselves by outsiders .
perhaps one day she will see the light ... but even if she does n't know that when she dies she will be free from the mental torment she 's been living with for likely her entire life .
a dead goblin a day is a good day for me .
now i wish for best boi goblin slayer to pounding goblin faces in pounding thicc ass .
if you look at my last source it details the changes in the tax bill that took effect this year .
is the mortgage interest tax deduction a loophole '' that only benefits the rich ?
it would seem to benefit primarily the middle class and the change this year is to decrease by 25 the amount of mortgage debt on which you can claim the deduction which means it 's less beneficial to the rich because they have more expensive homes .
the law also limits the amount of state and local taxes that can be deducted on the federal return which again hurts the rich not the middle class .
under the new changes itemizing deductions is rarely worth it which means tax preparation is simpler .
the median household income in the us is about 61,000 .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/household_income_in_the_united_states under the new tax law the top marginal rate for people making that amount of money fell from 15 to 12 or 25 to 22 depending on filing status .
also the left '' right '' as we know it is distorted .
some of modi 's policies are also leftist take for instance the farm waiver or the free healthcare .
also a capitalist or libertarian society works best where people believe in free enterprise i notice that we indians are happy to let gormint '' do a lot of work for us for free '' .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
this graphic ca n't be right though nc is the 4th highest pork producing state by dollars ...
they were like let 's do the raptors perfectly. okay great .
right now we do n't really need either of them but in a few years time they could fit a need .
smith might also slip to there which would mean our inside midfield is pretty much finalised for the next 5 years .
but seriously i 've been annoyed by that too ha !
it 's a tree tap ... you know for poison .
yeah that 's what i imagined was the case .
i wonder if there 's an option to force 2d mode ...
however fast your internet connection is i would assume assuming this is updating with the 50 gig patch .
use bandoleer with mods reloads stowed weapons or quick mags .
think of it in a more realistic way you would n't actually run around with an lmg with zombs around you would camp or camp with a team .
with classified in mind the lmg would be good for camping in the elevators the panic room the telepad where pap is .
that 's just off the top of my head .
i think that this is supposedly an overdriven vox solid state amp no pedals .
edit i do n't use bias but i would start by turning the mids highs and distortion up on a vox-kinda model
you should probably post what server you play on .
however you can just use the party finder option and you can join a party that 's looking for a group or you can recruit your own party turn off the auto join and force people to whisper you .
then you can check their gear score and make sure they 're fit to do the dungeon with you .
i 'd help but i 'm on na east and at work right now .
there 's so many in that list i 'd like more than what i find now days .
if i have free time i can actually make decisions about what to do with it .
if something takes a bit longer at work than i thought my stress level does n't go sky high because he is too insecure to believe i had to work a few minutes over even though he worked in the business world for decades and stayed very late a lot .
i know he was deflecting but at the time it just felt like shit and i would feel guilty when he would make his specious accusations every .
dude not only should you know your password you should be doing a two-step log-in .
i do n't think the guy 's face matters much if he is taller like you being 5'11 .
maybe it 's something else about you like your employment ?
if it makes you feel like gagging i guess i got how i felt about my feelings across !
terrible battle royale just a all around shitty game .
no matter how good of a shot you get on your opponent the bullets never hit .
do n't be a cunt when people correct your spelling rule 4 of reddit
only way that 'll hurt us is by picking 14th overall instead on 13th next june
the sting of the 95 fiesta bowl rushed back at me after that kick return .
i 'm not sure if it 'll help at the moment but keep in mind that r/mypartneristrans exists .
it might be a helpful resource for her in the future .
the reason i bought it was because the layout looked interesting but the story was so paper thin a whole chapter on echoes ?
that it just became an annoying gimmick before i 'd got halfway .
for me it the literature equivalence of modern art .
dems need to stop giving people the benefit of the doubt .
they have too much faith in the intelligence of the general population .
republicans have been banking on people being fucking stupid for 50 years and it 's clearly working .
they need to realize that people do n't respond to moderation well-reasoned policy debates and complex explanations of issues .
immigration is a complicated issue that ca n't be solved with one simple solution ! somehow just is n't as catchy as build the wall !
lalong lalo na nakita ng friend ko yung equipment sa paggawa ng mt na favorite kapag may prito or inihaw .
may friend who love that condiment loves it no ... .more .
kid probably 18 tried to pass an id with a photo copy of a real id scotch taped to a hotel key !
then had the nerve to ask for it back being the only id he had !
i do n't understand the difference in how race is treated for cubans vs. americans and want to beat this decaying horse ''
is it weird that i prefer the nyc sessions to the minneapolis sessions ?
i 've crafted my own version of bott made up purely of nyc-style versions of the songs and i prefer it to the original release .
got ta get that cfw on my john deere so i can get an snes emulator installed .
on your samsung keyboard click on the gear icon then keyboard layout and feedback keyboard size and layout drag the keyboard handlebars to adjust width and height .
i have mine with narrower width and taller height for one handed operation .
are they all plugged into a motherboard fan header ?
one of the quickest ways to turn me on is with some great nipple play !
this submission must be reposted because all posts must be titled hmmm in lower case .
if you uploaded this to reddit deleting this post will also kill the link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hmmm if you have any questions or concerns .
you got done with the auction arc and the roswald arc is arguably the 1st or 2nd best arc between both mangas .
it does reach it 's natural peak but its generally good
or you could save up your money from working jobs get a reliable cheap car and use the rest on the road trip .
it would be insanely broken on heros like tinker zeus willow ..
but fans are not maintenance intensive so repairs should not be too big a deal if the owner plans for it appropriately .
in the us you typically pay the msrp 24 months plus the cost of service .
example with verizon you would pay 1099 24 or 45 per month for 24 months just for the phone .
typically 35 for 2gb on a single line and another 20 for line access unlimited talk and text total would be around 100 per month for everything .
after 24 months the phone is yours and the 45 drops off of the monthly bill .
i 've only seen these tunnels used by practicing skydivers and people just fooling around .
i completely understand the massive feeling of relief once you make the decision to not tolerate someone 's bullshit anymore .
it 's been 2 years now and i 'm still realizing that parts of my personality had just died of starvation and it was only when i dealt with what was happening that me-the-person is starting to come back to the world it 's hard to describe .
the thought-out responses is an excellent idea i 'm wary of stewing in bad thoughts though which i am guilty of constantly imagining horrible confrontations is exhausting but i think there 's definitely something to having prepared responses and not flying off the handle
each ancient fruit plant on the farm produces 8 harvests over the course of the growing season .
either way agriculturist nets you one extra harvest so 9 with no fertilizer 10 with dsg .
each ancient fruit you turn into wine and age in casks until iridium sells for 3300g but 4620g with artisan profession .
if you 're selling 8 or more of these the difference would pay for the 10,000g for profession shift even without the bonus of the additional harvest with agriculturist .
if you grow 16 iridium sprinklers worth of ancient fruit during the growing season that 's 16×24 384 plants .
times 8 harvests is 3,072 ancient fruits per year .
at lvl 10 farming it 's 46 no star 33 silver star 21 gold .
if all the no-star fruits go into kegs for wine except for 384/2 192 which we save for the seedmaker for seeds for next year that 's 1,221 ancient fruit wine per year or on average 76 per week .
that 's how many kegs you 'd need to keep up with all the no-star fruit fermenting year round for 16 weeks or 152 kegs if you want to be able to keg them all every week as they ripen .
let 189×2 378 of those go into casks to become iridium wine and the remaining 843 get sold as no-star wine and the silver-star and gold-star fruits get sold raw .
with no crop profession you get 1014 × 687g 696,618g for the silvers 127 × 687g 87,249g per harvest 645 × 825g 532,125g for the golds 81 × 825g 66,825g per harvest .
843 no-star wine sells for 843 × 1650g 1,390,950g 173,869g per harvest and 378 iridium wine sells for 378 × 3300g 1,247,400g 155,925g per harvest .
with tiller profession you get 1014 × 756g 766,584g for the silvers 127 × 756g 96,012g per harvest 645 × 907g 585,015g for the golds 81 × 907g 73,467g per harvest .
843 no-star wine sells for same 843 × 1650g 1,390,950g and 378 iridium wine sells for 378 × 3300g 1,247,400g .
with agriculturist profession which implies also tiller you get should get about the same 498,743g per harvest but one extra harvest .
more than enough to cover multiple profession changes if necessary .
in more precise detail you get 9 × 384 3,456 fruits per year .
1398 no-stars go into kegs that 's 156 per harvest aka 156 kegs if you want to ferment as they come 87 if you want to ferment year round .
of those 1398 wines we put 378 into casks .
and the same 378 × 3300g 1,247,400g for iridium wines .
that 's 494,525g per harvest of which there are 9 .
with artisan profession you get the same 1014 × 756g 766,584g for the silvers 127 × 756g 96,012g per harvest 645 × 907g 585,015g for the golds 81 × 907g 73,467g per harvest as the tiller .
then the 843 no-star wine sells for 843 × 2310g 1,947,330g and 378 iridium wine sells for 378 × 4620g 1,746,360g .
and if you have the agriculturist profession for planting/growing and then switch to the artisan profession for selling then you get 9 harvests plus the 1020 no-star wine selling for 1020 × 2310g 2,356,200g and 378 iridium wine selling for 378 × 4620g 1,746,360g .
for the silvers and golds you get the same 861,840g and 658,482g respectively .
that 's 1,172,160g more than agriculturist alone and 577,593g more than artisan alone .
tldr so yes if you have to choose just one profession artisan is better than agriculturist but switching to agriculturist for planting and back to artisan for selling more than pays off .
does it have a mechanic that requires you and only you be online once every 4 hours for a fortnight ?
in my future dream house i 'd sure have one in my basement .
counterpoint if we merge the patriots and eagles we will create a super-hooligan that shall advance the whole of mankind .
but before that we need to purify the exuberance of the pats fans by systematically banning the non-embarrassing pats fans .
also make sure you establish boundaries remember you 're no one 's mule so if anyone treats you as such fuck em .
for me it wasnt great pato was okay but wasnt working started playing potm lucas as the 2nd striker
holy shit i 've been so wrong my whole life thanks for bringing this to my attention .
true but not really the companies from that stat .
they 're all just oil coal and natural gas companies on that list .
you 're right it 's the same to split than to go all in if the total damage you need to do is 4k .
it does make a difference imo since 4 people together can easily burst through a single monster without letting them any room and even before they run off to other areas .
hockey was a blast but i had too much beer .
sunday spent the whole day with my sister and folks .
she told me i needed to watch pitch perfect .
made my salad for lunch so no eggs for lunch .
did n't mean to egg everyday for lunch just worked out that way .
the bus ride this am is really busy for some reason .
since i do n't have chad or any other speed humans floor 50.5 is a bust for me .
edit for the speed affiliation stage if you have tybw yoruichi you can .
what happened in the us that for so many people its all just about their team winning and hurting/trolling others ?
from an outside pov comments like yours seem so incredibly angry and insecure .
not as a whole but in almost all of them he brings up trump or some shit and it gets kinda old and walk on water would have been alot better had he had someone other than beyonce doing the chorus
the benefits of playing home instead of the road .
i think the ol had 1 penalty called on them ?
refs missed a bunch of penalties on in the trenches .
your team wants to throw it 's your job to win before they can
you have to fight him with ranged attacks because if he gets a squeeze of you you are done for .
whatever terrible thing happened to you i hope you get better .
if you 're at the stage where you 're still using faction troops i 'd probably recommend ravenstern troops the most .
they have arguably the best faction archers plus their troops are very easy to train rangers only need a lvl 21 trainer compared to lvl 31 for armoured crossbowmen .
these troops alone can easily take on a lot of the unique spawns provided you find yourself a nice mountain to cheese on .
same with their infantry not as good as huscarls but much easier to train and still pack a punch .
get yourself some high level companions and you pretty build an army of rangers kierguard in a few days .
so theres no way to have say right paddle just for edit without remapping the entire circle key to it ?
in other words the paddle is simply replicating another button as opposed to being a separate option ?
it 's literally 100 cheaper so i may consider getting that instead .
i stopped being a console gamer a long time ago and this will be my first new disgaea in a wile .
a lot has changed since disgaea 2 and i cant wait to see whats up .
i thought this was a league meme for a second .
i wonder if he 's just playing or if he has some kind of compulsion .
it would have been a bit funny in a terrible way if he forced himself to go back to the start because he did n't make it all the way .
no the demographic explosion in turkey ended in like the 80s/early 90s which lead to stabilization now .
their population will still increase significantly these upcoming decades because the older generations that are dying off are much smaller than the younger generations .
but in the 2050-2060s the population will most likely stabilize at just under 100 million https www.populationpyramid.net/turkey/2018 https www.populationpyramid.net/turkey/2018
south korea had something similar but their demographic explosion ended in like the 60s/early 70s .
and their population is still increasing which shows that demographic transitions can take a long time until the population starts to decrease https www.populationpyramid.net/republic-of-korea/2018 https www.populationpyramid.net/republic-of-korea/2018
i met this little dude by chance one morning approaching my car and it was playing in a pile of dead leaves next to it .
we managed to startle each other and both paused then realised that neither of us had run .
so i nealt down to its level to say hello .
crow bro proceeded to walk all the way around me and as i was turning my head to follow it was back in front and proceeded to try and steal my cigarette out of my hand .
at this point i guessed it was hungry and i went back to my house for some doritos to feed it .
it literally walked with me back down my drive and waited at the front door until i came back with food .
over the course of about 1-2 months it would greet me at the door every morning usually by knocking its beak on it and then walk me to my car and also greet me on my return .
oh sure why should people with dyslexia or adhd ever get to experience the magic of books ?
it 's their fault their brains are n't working right i guess
she has a coat on so i 'm guessing a knit headband .
when in america i saw waiters picking up half full plates that really bothers me .
i get what you mean but a victory that costs a ton when it should have been earned you points is as bad as it could get when you had a mathematically guaranteed victory before you even started .
we did n't let them get away with mission accomplished we should n't let them act like this is victory .
they got literally the minimum they could have given the circumstances .
and the fact that the reason for the places closing was probably because better facilities were sought
you 're exactly right and that 's why adhd is n't on the autism spectrum .
but how does in 2/3 hours sound to you ?
im on eastern time so for me that would be 10-11am .
you message me here and ill keep checking fpr ya 3
this may not be a positive soviet meme but none the less it is soviet !
it was very common for people to claim that my grandmither was a cherokee princess '' back in the day .
they are filming episode 10 proof https www.instagram.com/p/bo23kv-hcok ? utm_source=ig_share_sheet igshid=cqz28hpxiawj if you look in the comments the makeup artist says episode 10
there is no justifying no matter what else was going on or what mood i was in reacting the way i did .
i realistically know a gift would n't do much but i wanted to try .
the only real resolution is time and change of behavior .
i just honestly feel terrible but i put myself in this doghouse 100 .
in canon darth vader comics the inquisitors realize that a group of clones have n't been triggered yet and simply yell the command execute order 66 '' .
so it seems like it 's triggered by the phrase itself like a sleeper cell agent .
it 's an unlikely phrase to be randomly said by anyone other than someone using it on purpose
edit just went back and reread it was a jedi who said it while also using a little force motion with his hand .
maybe it has to be said by someone in particular and he used the force to make them believe that criteria was met while he said it .
well if the listed weight is correct than there is no problem .
they might just have the same container for a range of weights they sell .
might even be different things that they sell and the container is the same and one of those other things might require more space .
if nothing of what i said is true than they are just polluting the environment for nothing
i went with your suggestion and i must say i really prefer it this way thanks again
that 'd mean forking out for pizza and with her body it ai n't worth it .
it 's out of my hands at this point until he voices concerns of his own .
i think all of us just need to understand and accept that this person is far edgier than us .
if you eat it it 's very similar to a flu shot !
a huge tent and an axe and a yeti mug all of which would never go backpacking but ultralight stove pan and titanium spork ... .but the stove is on a massive fuel canister ?
joe wilkinson with the potato shot that whole thing was hilarious .
as a dallas cowboys fan i have a lot of enemies .
however my most hated team has to be the packers .
stupid aaron rodgers and his stupid smug smile as he continues the knock the cowboys out of the playoffs .
he killed romo 's best shot and the least he could have done is have won it all .
losing to the eventual champs would somehow have made it a bit better .
they all suck and i do n't like em but i hate stupid aaron rodgers and the stupid packers .
no op the commenter has simply asked you to become more situationally aware due to the fact that vulnerable info was given to the driver .
you should be saying thank you not responding as though they need scolding .
i wonder if say within another decade that teams that lag in fan support threaten to move elsewhere ala crew to austin .
i already made it one step further just gon na keep working hard and i hope everyone else does too
so we 'll also need to hire a photoshop artist .
eat them all separately and combine them in your mouth
maybe she would have found a man if she was n't such a bitch .
i had xbox years ago when i was a kid and naive before i joined pc like many people .
i live to regurgitate stuff i find on the internet .
i think the reason for that is most of the housemates blame cameron 's bad behavior as of late on his relationship with lewis .
even hussain has mentioned numerous times that he feels that lewis brings cameron down .
my top game choices if i could only have 5 would be astrobot firewall residents evil 7 farpoint with aim and dirt rally .
i think most of those would be in most people 's top 5 plus no move controllers are needed for those people on a budget .
if you have moves i 'd strongly also consider superhot and rush of blood .
arctic assassin female is usually the skin i use .
i do n't buy gliders because they 're too noisy so i prefer the victory umbrellas .
since i did n't get season 2 's victory umbrella i do n't have one that matches her .
so what do you guys think of her matching glider ?
i watched a few youtube videos it seems quiet .
depending on the state if you purchase an alcoholic beverage you absolutely are allowed to leave your vehicle for appropriate time to retrieve it when you are sober .
i used to use this in a snow event at the local lodge/bar .
i 'd go in have one drink and get the receipt .
they never touched my vehicle and even plowed around it for me .
yeah i get what you guys are saying about the robot umpire or strike zone but the example that was brought up was terrible because the catcher was thinking fastball high and got up in the umpires way then dropped his glove to catch the curveball which was more shocking that he even coauthor the curve ball !
wonder if we could get it added to the reddit side-bar as an alternate link for the slack in case we have a similar situation in the future .
i 'll make sure to wash the clothes i 'll be wearing thoroughly beforehand .
remember that run play on 3rd and 11 right before half time ?
northern ireland 's most stereotypical contribution to the world of aviation
jd was n't necessarily awful when hew was with the astros but when he really took off as a hitter is when he got traded to the tigers and played along side cabrera .
the only waterproof shell that i trust is made by frogg toggs .
you can see the difference when it 's on that size ... depending on the monitor it 's hard to differentiate a flair with an annoyed expression and a happy expression when in a 50x50 size .
when i had mage ! gear flair i could barely tell she was smiling for instance .
rerolling after pc death is basically essential to keep the group together but it should have consequences .
my dm makes players skip a session after a pc death .
my group likes this method as it gives pc death more weight and it prevents the narrative from being dragged through the dirt .
you could try something like this just make sure to tell the players first .
your text post https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/9o7uz1/nexus_earth_tritium_wallet_beta_with_very_nice_gui was removed for not having a high enough character count and therefore violating rule ii .
please resubmit as a comment in the daily thread or submit a new post with at least 215 characters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
i sexually identify as a flaming hot cheeto still no one asks me
i believe my friend was living on beer and off brand cheese puffs .
until you met his fiancée who supported him through scurvy .
he was a good lookin dude but the fiancée literally lost her job and went back to college where they met because she was too light to be a plus model and too curvy to be a normal model .
seems like the best resolution now is for other brothas out there to be in amxf then have your kids raised around other amaf families ...
any ideas on what kind of paint to use on the clothes itself ?
that 's what i 'm more concerned about as to what kind of paint will work best in terms of the look and also how to go about it .
i mean they have a better o line and much better rb
had to punk some d bag out for yellin and screamin at his gf in front of the stadium d bag ! ! ! !
but on another note damn that was a rough game to watch
and artifact will suffer the same fate after over a year .
i visited japan with my mother when i was about 15 .
we decided to climb a small mountain with a shrine on top of it that over looked the city .
we got to a particularly dense part of the forest and it was somewhat dark .
from seemingly nowhere we hear a blood curdling scream one that echoes .
we jumped held eachother in fear and looked up to see the largest black bird i 've ever seen looking down at us from up ahead .
we both sprinted the remainer of the way to the top which was only a few hundred metres away .
with the universe literally on the line why not do the super saiyan god ceremony on gohan ?
supreme kai is close to cell 's power level which should make him stronger than any individual android .
also seeing as tien held off 2nd form cell i would also rank him as stronger than any individual android .
overall i feel like the universe is mostly unexplored as supreme kai and beerus do n't really give a shit .
that would have been awesome if nate was given a training camp invite for the wolves .
i know he is washed up but it would have made me happy .
to arm a button on my light switch next to the front door .
with tech today i do n't see the use of keypads .
seems like a lot of work to have to type in a number .
having someone else make it always makes it better for some reason .
pick a picture and try work something out from it or come up with a back story for a stranger .
tell me 5 things about this man for example https www.viewbug.com/photo/77894606
well i tend to keep most machinery in one room with jars in an adjoining room and the infusion altar in a separate room designed to contain its instability .
i can probably beam the essentia from the alembic to the jars just fine and mirror it to the altar it 's just a case of making sure there is enough room .
edit short answer call support or twitter message support .
explain situation and most likely be transferred to senior advisor
i actually initially spoke to apple thru the apple support twitter page .
they then assigned me an appointment of a time and day a senior advisor would call me and go from there .
i was told many times to ask for a senior advisor if i were to call in myself .
you may just be able to call and go direct .
a phone call happened i spoke to a nice guy for probably an hour .
as we went thru steps that was given to him from apple tech guys for this situation given to him 2 days prior .
i was his first call in that would be going through these steps .
it took a while basically i was installing profiles .
also taking screenshots of my shitty lte data speeds .
then getting all those files to my computer so i could upload them to apple servers .
pretty simple tasks actually but the steps are designed for the dumbest of dumb ... and he wanted to go step by step haha .
hopefully help fix it or they would come back to me with a solution .
they called back 4 days later it was over a weekend .
they said the solution currently is to update to newest ios .
i said ehhh i read online it did n't really fix this particular problem but i said i 'd do it .
we then scheduled a call for this coming friday .
and if they do that they may take more info from my phone and ask if anyone i know has a phone that does n't have the issue .
i 'm just hoping any info given helps find a solution .
regardless of time.. taking week or months to fix .
which is exactly what he escalated with but when you keep getting caught lying to investogators developmental counselings on integrity are hardly retribution .
yeah i was attached to the hip to the bde sja through this whole process .
inflation is n't the only thing that is hurting you .
you should read about the time value of money .
for savings account suggest you keep only 20-25 for down payment and 3-6 months for emergencies .
you do n't really have to know much about investing these days .
look into whole market etfs and/or mutual funds and you 'll have instant diversification .
going forward you need to take total advantage of retirement accounts especially with your job .
they are n't pleasant to put in or remove and suggest taking tylenol or advil before hand .
innocent mistake i thought it was the prefect photo for his birthday i forgot about him
dilaan mo na rin yung kutsara in a seductive manner para todo ang inggit .
she has more time than you so do n't provoke though more decorations is fine .
just make sure those security cameras are high enough resolution to easily identify someone in the dark .
here is hoping you never have to use the footage .
helping other people can take you out of the depression a lot of the time .
it does n't always work perfectly but it can do you good .
more often for me it makes it suck a bit less than make me super happy or anything .
it 's good you were able to do this !
if jagex knows dailies are n't something osrs players want they should n't add penguins
found these at school many years ago and they are still working great !
yeah i got the oceanfront room with balcony in the west tower and it was great .
there 's a small beach area in front of tacos and tequila restaurant but also across to the main beach next door .
😂well still i started 2 years ago and now i 'm making a little money here and there so keep it up !
if you can access the info it should be assumed that you 're allowed to view it ... right ?
id nightwing lvl 65 he/she has 4 roster lvl 64 he finished bliztz in top 35 sucker fucker now guys hacking are allowed
i stayed an extra day away while evacuating from hurricane florence just to watch 90df .
i knew we did n't have cable back here and like watching live ish .
it 's such a huge fandom you can enjoy most of it still anyway sometimes the movie cinemas still show screenings of the films !
quite a few schools were on fall break last week and this was taken on a day mk closed at 6 for mnsshp so crowds in other parks were up .
thanks for your submission but unfortunately we 've had to remove your post as it does n't follow rule 3
the following types of question belongs in our daily question thread https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/search ? q=author 3aautomoderator+daily+question+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day and are not allowed as standalone posts
questions that could easily be answered by searching r/nintendoswitch https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/search ? q restrict_sr=on or google .
if your intention was to create a discussion post instead then please ensure that you have written in sufficient detail included some thought-provoking questions and actively encouraged other users to discuss the topic at hand .
once you have made these changes then please feel free to submit a new post .
if you have questions or objections about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnintendoswitch subject=removal 20objection 20or 20question message 5bplease 20type 20your 20message 20here ... 5d 0d 0d 0d 0d 2ado 20not 20edit 20or 20delete 20anything 20below 20this 20line 2a 0d 0d 2d 2d 2d 0d 0d 2a 2aremoval 20notes 20for 20moderators 3a 2a 2a 0d 0dpost 20title 3a 20differences 20between 20switch 20pro 20black 20edition 20and 20splatoon 202 20edition. 0d 0dpermalink 3a 20https old.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/9o91kq 0d 0dcontent 20type 3a 20submission 0d 0dremoved 20by 3a 20phantomliger .
i actually think the opposite is better for the viewer .
a 3-5 minute break between games really helps the players relax .
the 15 minutes between matches is just too long .
well i live in japan now so the first match started at 1215am
there was a post i read that says that avengers 4 will take place years and tears after the events of infinity war where tony would have the child but in order to save the universe he should return back in time and alter the events which would alter the chain of events that led to him having a child .
which is so hurtful and so beautiful at the same time .
as for cap he indeed has no one but if they could return back in time once they could send him to when he came from at the very end of the movie let him has his closure and to have his dance with peg .
i 'm sure it wo n't take too long before you find someone to have his cock inside you lol
people who think apostrophes make words plural have had too many death sticks pass it on !
it 's more of a fan fiction of the books in movie form .
search for the songs there it shows if you can use it for a cover or not .
guys just eat bones instead of all that stuff .
totally missed it i 'm praying it meets my high expectations .
valhein is getting a nerf hehehe anyway yorn next update will put him in a somewhat grey area imo
009 hover to view match id 4168532661 db http www.dotabuff.com/matches/4168532661 od https www.opendota.com/matches/4168532661 stratz https stratz.com/match/4168532661
18 hero-lion db http dotabuff.com/players/145322852 dotabuff lookup people 's match history '' od http opendota.com/players/145322852 opendota provides free replay analysis '' stratz https stratz.com/player/145322852 stratz every match every player every stat .
source http github.com/nntin/reply-dota-2-reddit on github message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=lumbdi the owner on discord https discord.gg/dkg79tc deletion link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=reply-dota-2-reddit subject=deletion message=t1_e7sixvh only works for bot summoner and r/dota2 mods !
then do n't take supplements until you 've verified https www.marines.mil/news/messages/messages-display/article/895036/operation-supplement-safety-opss that they have been vetted by dod https www.opss.org .
major commands also sometimes have their own orders about it .
i would ask your schoolhouse staff if there is a tecom supplement order .
the only good thing to come out of this thread .
i think that it 's amazing that i was able to find these people with about 15 minutes of research and i was specifically limiting myself to black and half black musicians who had at least one oricon hit in japan on wikipedia and not even bothering with the japanese wikipedia page despite being able to read it .
it 's also interesting that the premise of this thread that carly rae jepson does uniquely well in japan does n't particularly hold up all that well to her actual chart positions she 's definitely seen slightly longer relevance but her peaks are not particularly high and her oricon album ranking outside of kiss is at solid indies band level .
i have never related to a fucking truck as much until now
no since they are both tap abilities you have to choose one tap ability or the other .
qualities such as adherence to duty or obedience to lawful authority that together constitute the ideal of moral propriety or merit moral approval ''
a binding custom or practice of a community a rule of conduct or action prescribed ''
we all agree that taxes serve some purpose and that at some level a small portion of taxation is needed which is why we have laws to protect it .
however that does not constitute taxation as a right .
the government has no moral authority to collect money .
if we all agree that the government is just and acting in the populaces best interest we can vote on more or less taxation etc .
but one could very easily argue that north korea then has a right '' to tax its citizens when that is definitely not the truth .
the point being there is a difference between law and right learn it and use the words correctly .
i tried skyrim se for 3 week ago and it was stuck on the loading screen for a level .
what about the fact that people are generally having children later in life now ?
it used to be the average first time mother was 22 .
now it 's common for first time mothers to be older than 30 .
particularly not the ones who vote the most who are very unlikely to live to 2100 .
call the cops dude give them his info and the screenshots .
oh the adventure answers that one and the results are both better and worse than you might expect .
an art teacher in high school told me average artist do n't make a lots of money and i was using techniques that nobody else use which mean i wo n't be as good as others i suppose to win 1st for a school district art contest but she did n't turn in my painting .
i guess i was really mad and just gave up on it then put lots of efforts into the painting but did n't receive anything in return .
i guess i have more greed toward making money i 'm still broke than art and ca n't seem figure out how to use my gift for my own good .
ah jakku ... also known as tatooine but with a star destroyer in the ground ''
russia has been a long supporter of iran ksa 's bitter rival .
such threats can be taken with a grain of salt .
i got the g933 too im super happy with them but as you said that you want durable and metal components '' these may not be the best for you .
they are 100 plasticky but even then they do actually feel durable .
my two complaints with them are too much plastic and if i tilt my head backwards the headset falls off my head .
even then i 'm not planning to change they 're great value and are never discomforting after hours even when i use glasses .
why should pad be the only person doing this ?
it really cant be stated enough how broken the game became with the latest patch .
fuckin full legend deion will just watch a ball fly right over his into the hands of the reciever and then not even turn around to try and make the tackle .
best stolen line from another thread now he 's only four planes away from becoming a belgian ace . ''
i think you 're thinking of war in terms of the revolutionary war or the war of 1812 .
it 's been a long time since we 've fought wars like that .
this sub is a great idea but i find that it 's a bit hard to get posts and comments through the mods .
no explicitly sexual responses hate speech or other harmful content https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_2.3a_no_explicitly_sexual_responses.2c_hate_speech.2c_or_other_harmful_content
we feel that asking users to write about suicide is harmful .
it can be hard to tell if someone 's writing fiction or making a cry for help .
in the event there 's any truth behind this for you or someone you know we recommend checking out r/suicidewatch or r/depression .
prompts will be removed if there 's a high possibility for rule breaking responses rule 7 https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_7.3a_prompts_will_be_removed_if_there.27s_a_high_possibility_for_rule_breaking_responses
modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwritingprompts subject=removed 20post message=https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/9oelk2 0a 0a us if you have any questions or concerns .
in the future please refer to the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/about/sidebar before posting .
this action was not automated and this moderator is human .
he takes it upon himself to buy carts and test them himself with outside labs .
fuckin shit tons of reputable companies have claimed to be clean and tested super dirty .
there 's a lot of shitty companies out there pushing poison .
yes trans women are women and are therefore entitled to play alongside women .
and if those differences are accounted for for cis athletes weight classes etc then excluding trans women on the basis of them bring trans is discriminatory and rude as hell .
most leagues have rules regulating this with the exception of the mlb who no longer has any rules enforcing gender separation .
i think a lot of those rules are too intense but they 're there .
there are not however any rules for cis athletes .
look at israel 's medical program ... instead of fighting it the government did its own testing .
i saw this and i 'm buying it for my mother .
she had dbs surgery but it was not fully effective .
she turns 70 in about two weeks so this will be her birthday gift from me .
i wo n't get to see her use it in person for a few months but thinking about her using it makes me smile and cry .
so vote with your wallet and buy directly from google .
could you please share your stats/runes for shaina and maruna if you dont mind ?
seems like the imgur link doesnt load in reddit mobile but works fine in other browsers
one time i passed a family that go to a church i went to on the highway coming back from ohio .
i still think it 's crazy that out of all the hundreds of people on that highway i happened to pass them .
i 'm an auto park and summon coward unless there 's plenty of space
real men morph from hazardless midgar to battlefield form midgar .
how can the public not see how the government could be claiming legalization but inevitably damaging more lives and freedoms with their bureaucracy ?
and the shady practice of choosing manufacturers and vendor licenses is obviously corrupt and inevitably paid for by corporations .
fuck the free market fuck freedom we are happy sheep .
i agree with you but i would also bet money that jason jumped at the opportunity to label bethenny as a bad mom .
i think the judge could probably see that given their legal history .
unless they play everyone 's back garden people are gon na be unhappy .
this era is gon na be loooooong touring wise chill .
yes if bold is an overbar meaning not then α and β is not α and β .
and yes you can apply demorgans to sub-parts if you have α is equivalent to another formula α2 then
just like in math if you know that x\^2 y\^2 x-y x+y then you can conclude that
these are american citizens just like you and me .
i used one of the smart '' power strips from amazon with the computer plugged into the master '' outlet and all the other stuff monitor speakers marquee coin door return buttons etc .
then i wired an arcade button at the top back edge of my cabinet one on each side actually to the computer 's power button .
i configured windows ' power settings to execute a soft shutdown when the power button is pressed .
so to turn the entire cabinet on press the red arcade button on the cabinet .
the computer turns on and a second later everything else comes up too .
when done playing press the red arcade button again .
windows does a graceful shutdown computer powers off followed a couple seconds later by the monitor marquee and everything else .
it took a little investigation to get the additional power button wired in right but it was n't hard .
i had to find the right header on the motherboard figure out which pins were actually for the power button using a multi-meter continuity tester with the computer unplugged and then tap into those wires using crimp-on taps .
i used a surface-mount telephone jack and a crimp-on rj11 style plug to provide a disconnect for the external power buttons so i can unhook them easily if i have to pull the computer out of the cabinet .
i ordered cheap-o happ-style buttons from amazon for the power buttons since they do n't take much abuse .
works great so easy the kids get it right every time and looks nice too .
why did law enforcement and kratz still promote the fax as having occurred at 12:13 am ?
the phone call was from 12:09-12:12 according to halbach 's records .
the time used by that company was off by a bit from what other companies were using .
that happens clocks from different companies are not synchronized .
why did angela first claim her last interaction with teresa was that odd fax she received at 12:13 am ?
dawn is the one who spoke to halbach at 2:27 not angela ...
if angela was n't in the mix of dawn 's discussion with avery why did angela call teresa but yet claim teresa called her when that was a lie ?
she was in the mix she never claimed she was n't in the mix .
she made a simple error and said that hlabach called when in fact she called halbach .
it is very easy to forget who called whom .
the thing people remember is the content of discussions and she did remember such .
why did kratz solicit impeachable testimony from angela when he had the records which established angela called her if in fact that 11:09 call was from angela ?
kratz had no control over what angela would say and who placed the call is not material .
the defense had the records and had the ability to see she made a mistake but did n't bother to impeach her claim to get her to admit she called halbach because it was not significant .
the at trader janda fax sent to teresa from at occurred before she left home if she was home thereby also ending the luring theory .
in no way does it refute the proof of luring .
you keep irrationally misrepresenting that the luring theory was that halbach had no idea she would be near avery 's house .
the luring argument is that neither halbach nor at had no idea that avery came up with the idea for the appointment and did so solely in order to lure her .
nor did they know the appointment would be with avery as opposed to janda .
the heart of the luring argument is that avery lied about barb asking him to list her van and that in fact he went to her saying he wanted to list her van to use such as a pretext to get halbach to come there .
i hope you are getting plenty of support in real life and congratulations on the new kitten .
you 're one of my favorite posters so please take care of yourself and keep your smile .
ah i had n't considered the nwsl at all .
the contrast of the situations of men and women 's soccer in the us is crazy .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
you should n't be discussing deadlifts with your doctor .
true but you do n't get the second weapon slot that the op is talking about until you can switch .
i worked summers for years when i was making 14,000 a year .
so why is he rubbing his sweaty forearm between every pitch ?
i 'm mostly stoked that shiny pokemon will be shiny when following you .
my daughter accidentally butt-dialed me when she was at a sleepover .
they were playing some sort of a hide-and-seek game in the dark .
i got this phone call and it was just kids screaming .
scared the shit out of me i was out the door and at that house in record time .
my daughter looked at me like i was the most embarrassing mother ever .
i see well world building is pretty important and it 's always nice to get a perspective from someone other than the mc .
bit weird they did n't include it in the manga tbh ...
kim knows nothing evidence locker and small town dicks are my faves atm .
i wonder if cecil will turn out to be a quest giver in the near future .
i dont remember which cod did this been playing since waw but didnt they start giving host to a different player if the host left in some games ?
from what i recall the game would only disconnect if the host alt-f4 'd .
not particularly related but interesting pretty crazy that they are playing the united center in chicago 23,500 capacity for concerts .
it 's a massive leap from their last tour and way bigger than most if not all of the other venues on the tour .
yeah but humanthought requires a human to be the who .
why do they make having friends seem like a bad thing ?
i 'm just extremely competitive and i like the feeling of winning but what i suggest is downloading tr_walkway_rc2 .
its a training map with various bot scenarios you can program to hone your skills .
it 's not a surefire way to git gud but its a start
and we all know how that worked out for joffrey
i was talking to a 'friend ' on the phone yesterday .
just casual talk and she said damn your accent is really turning me on right now ''
and they want a 50 attach rate on the dlc .
you done messed it up luv you done messed it up
they have said this numerous times the past few years there will no longer be an 18 inch laptop ever in their lineup .
comes to the er for several days/weeks of uncontrollable diarrhea ... ask for a stool sample all of a sudden ca n't poop .
ask pt normal healthy kidney function pt to provide a urine sample .
pt states they ca n't go/just went/needs water/no urge .
i ask them to just try anyway they protest but go come back with cup filled to the top .
no other festival brings the techno like ultra does .
ya and they lost to teams that are playing more wow than lol .
my point being that they are n't working as hard as they claim .
so not risk it with the travel one is what your saying ?
get a proper one if you need one especially for consoles .
because it does say 100-240v on the back of the console .
then you are fine just get the correct cable with the correct and you are good to go .
in short you do n't need a power adapter that converts voltage but you do need to be able to plug it into the wall .
you can get a socket converter or a new cable .
it might be cheaper to just get a cable but a socket converter might be more handy for other things you may have .
antifa historically was a splinter out of the same italian socialist organization that mussolini was in .
he used the term fascist and they opposed him so they became anti fascists .
however from the american liberal perspective the two groups had largely the same goals .
in italy there became a saying that fascists commonly divide themselves into two catagories fascists and antifascists .
140 for kills 200 for match win and 100 for place top ten
why should we allow criminals to force us to not go to the school of our choice ?
how dare he expect to be able to walk down the street in broad daylight unthreatened and unmolested .
all these people should just go home and refuse to come out of their houses .
i thought year one with michael cera and jack black was hilarious .
it reminded me of an 80s mel brooks movie .
i do n't know if it 's considered terrible but i know it got savaged by critics .
there have been a total of 167 instances of faithlessness as of 2016 .
nearly all have voted for third party candidates or non-candidates as opposed to switching their support to a major opposing candidate .
ultimately faithless electors have only impacted the outcome of an election once during the 1796 election where pinckney would have become the president and adams the vice-president .
overall it 's not a perfect system and i do n't like it .
it 's true that electors could potentially vote however they want in states where that 's possible .
but in practice it happens rarely and to little effect .
thus i 'm inclined to believe that this statement from you is based on conspiracy rather than fact
the senator would still vote for whatever they were going to regardless .
if it happens to line up with the views of the voters that 'd be great but that 's not what happens .
and you should probably learn more about the system if you think that the electors are senators .
try to get everyone to clvl 40 and then slowly work on getting them to 50 .
any character i plan on using right away i will work on getting them to 50 as soon as possible .
since i 've been playing for a while most of my characters are clvl 50 with only 13 between 40-45 .
dont have any art to share but can talk and give you a great company
we do n't allow posts from brand new accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickdick if you have any questions or concerns .
the whole ritual of remembrance day the cenotaph the british legion the minute of silence at 11/11 at 11 am every year all that stuff was brought in to cope with the aftermath of world war 1 as a way of placating and channelling popular anger about the mass slaughter which had just occurred into something safe via massive nationalist propaganda campaign in the post-war period .
the context is after 1918 the royal family and parliament had won a war but in the process watched the romanovs hohenzollerns habsburgs the ottoman caliphate and a hundred other minor kingdoms and duchies be ruined .
the events in russia in 1917 and then of course the failed german communist revolution of 1918 was lurking in the government 's mind after the war .
the uk was hit by a massive wave of civil unrest just like europe with major strikes and uprisings in the east end of london glasgow liverpool southampton and south wales in 1919 the miners federation threatened to call for a general strike and had to be desperately stalled and placated by the government .
the irish had declared independence in 1916 and the irish volunteers were fighting an effective and successful guerrilla war against the british .
add to this for perhaps the first time in uk history the prospect of millions of demobilised troops coming home pissed off about what they 'd been made to endure with revolutionary politics of all types in the air .
the uk has historically been a naval power mass conscription is rare the army is a projectile to be fired by the british navy '' and the net result is conscription is rare and less called for than in central european powers .
world war 1 was one of the few times the uk 's standing armed forces was on a par with the top european powers with millions of men under arms fighting a long and horrendous war for dubious political reasons .
the british legion the cenotaph the laying of the wreath by the king/queen the tomb of the unknown soldier and the last post all this stuff was desperate public image stuff from a ruling elite and a royal family who were frightened of what this large body of angry veterans might do if they were n't placated .
so through the big papers the mail and the times and so on a huge government-backed propaganda campaign of a nationalist type was pushed which was a shrewd response to the public anger that existed at the time .
of course it 's understandable in many respects to have a commemoration or day of mourning i can see that but the current set up has its roots in the crisis of post-ww1 british cabinet .
all this ritualisation was a way to re-direct this huge popular anger into a militaristic and nationalistic themes taking an anti-war sentiment and re-tooling it as a pro-war one which is why you end up with an annual public argument about the morality of fighter jets with poppies on the side https i.pinimg.com/originals/e7/9d/ed/e79dedcd65e1ac674de8e4242c89f04d.jpg or smiling poppy-adorned children with future soldier '' https www.forceswatch.net/sites/default/files/future-soldiers-300x199.jpg printed on their t-shirts .
this contradiction is n't some new phenomenon cos although the uk govt since iraq has been more jingoistic and the tedious annual poppy debate '' that takes place has gotten worse but it 's not cos it 's changed it 's meaning .
this poppy anxiety has been there since the very start .
public wearing of the poppy had some genuine elements of remembrance to it for the people wearing them and always did but they carry out a political and propaganda function for the british legion and the uk govt as a whole .
the act of not wearing one identifies you as a bolshie conscientious objector type a concept that was continued on in the many years of recrimination that followed the war .
public shaming of anti-war activists via government propaganda since by the late stages of the war people were going awol constantly and the general public was up in arms .
it 's on the same sort of level as posting a white feather to conscientious objectors anonymous to shame them and of course the inverse is you get flashy poppy wankers who buy a posh one and festoon their houses with them and that 's straightforward nationalist posturing with some nasty undertones to it .
just about anyone that can support a team if your main dps do n't have high starred uw .
there are books songs art and architechture that are lost to time and somewhere out there is the next piece that is going to be forgotten forever .
he ca n't refund ticket holders as he used the money to buy some sweet tats .
nesvarbu ką vartoja bendrai nėra gerai kad žmonės nesugeba bendrauti be kažkokių pasiteisinimu ar skatinamųjų priemonių .
o apie daržoves tai nekalbu kiek ten jose to cukraus tikrai niekas nėra nutukęs vien nuo daržovių
bet su jo įsisavinimu biški sudėtingiau nei išgrynintas cukrus sudėtas šaukštais į arbatą ar spurgose .
kitas dalykas vaisiuose su cukrum gauna ir ląstelienos vitaminų .
bet juk cukrus saldžiuose vaisiuose tiek pat narkotikas kaip ir kitam maiste dėl to ir sakau kad cukraus atsisakyti nesigautų .
pvz vokietijoje kai kur nebeleidžia apysenių dyzelių į senamiesčius .
vokietijos žalieji padavė į teismą vietinę savivaldybę kad neuždrausdami taršaus transporto žaloja gyventojų sveikatą .
senų fūrų jau n metų nebeįleidžia į kai kurias vietas .
vien viešas transportas problemos nesprendžia nes seni autobusai ar ypač lėktuvai ohohoho kaip teršia .
o judėjimas link eletros transporto ir tos pačios švaresnės elektros yra labai konkretus .
ok one more comment here telling you that this stuff looks great from the pieces themselves to the coordination between them .
i 'd love to see more images of the outfits worn rather than laid out in order to show fit .
second to last image suggests that they fit well too but that aspect is helpful for people to see .
it is a 14.5 foot trainer but i do n't know the brand !
i 'll likely go out on the clubs bigger boat at some point i just finished the basic sailing class this summer .
thompson 's injury history scares me and i personally do n't think bell will play a down this year for the steelers .
i do n't consider myself a pro photographer at all but it is a passion of mine and i want to try my best to combine it with my sports passion .
south park coined the phrase gingers have no soul '' .
as a red head i certainly copped a lot of flack but i would n't place blame on south park as much as i would the individual .
go back to the stock gas plug and try m2ball
the m1 is designed to run on lower pressure ammo then normal 30-06
i 'm actually glad to see moderate conservatives still around .
i once got a cow out of the middle of a 4 lane highway off the road luring it with beef jerky .
i felt guilty afterwards so i let it nibble on my fingers for a couple minutes after .
can we borrow some of those nice open field tackles ?
in my opinion this is a threat that actually has some teeth to it .
there is a long history of attempted diplomatic relations between saudi arabia and russia dating back to the 1920s with the early soviet union .
saudi arabia and russia actually had a very good relationship up until stalin assassinated the ambassador for the soviet union who the king at the time was very fond of .
ever since then russia has had to claude their way back into saudi arabia and i still have never formally repair their relationship .
hope you like your p2w games that require you to use a crypto currency .
not to mention its 3 years away dont get too exited guys .
that is a strategy used when your planning on cutting service but have yet to officially announce it .
so i 'm about 20 turns into a campaign on hard difficulty as the eastern roman empire in rtw barbarian invasion and for the last like 8 turns the vandals have been wandering around dacia but have n't attacked the goths or my armies defending the bridges over the danube .
i am also watching the huns with a spy and they keep besieging the roxalani settlement for a turn or two abandoning the seige and attacking it again .
i 'm at war with the vandals and i 'm not sure why they are n't doing anything .
so is a mac jr. just a regular cheese burger with the mac sauce ?
yeah i had the feeling that if this is even remotely real someone somewhere is getting sued .
notice are you asking for travel advice about morocco ?
read what redditors had to say in the weekly destination thread for morocco http redd.it/2jw66z
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/travel if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=i 'm looking for a classical piano song. without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
take somerhing which already has the bleed effect and use a resin on it .
but to be more specific bortles missed oshaunessy wide open in the seem on 3rd and short for a first .
instead he panicked and threw it to yeldon for an immediate 3 and out on the opening possession .
on the second possession after the dumb toss play to niles paul on 3rd and 7 bortles does n't even look at cole breaking open bottom of the screen for another 3 and out .
on the 3rd they 're did n't seem to really be anything open and i believe on the 4th possession bortles again on 3rd and short flips it dangerously off of dede 's head instead of pass it to him as he was starting to separate him self on a drag route .
so i could go on and on but a lot of you seem to believe bortles had nothing to do with the loss which is horrendously false .
bortles did not execute on the reads that were there .
he panicked and took the offense out of the game time and time again .
bortles directly contributed to 3 early short drives which allowed the cowboys to get rolling .
the defense was then being swayed side to side and could n't keep up with so much time on the field .
yeah it seems to be the case as i was able to kill some of them except with health double as mine and usually fails if they have strong elite shield or high level basic and advance skills as i am already dead before reaching elite .
i did n't expect to come here and be sad .
that may or may not have been his point too .
this is so sad ... let me play you a song on the worlds smallest violin ...
lol sometimes if it turns red then i hold my breath until it turns green again ...
you are an idiot and have no idea what you are talking about .
he 's good when you 're trying to keep a lead .
that has n't been a big need for us this year .
it 'd be nice to keep him for that but also have a more versatile standard type back .
imagine thinking pob is better than jensen bjerg febi and/or fenix .
i 've always liked this image whenever people post it and have several times wanted it in poster form but i want to patronize the artist and i guess i 'm just asking if there 's a way to know whether or not they are profiting or if it 's just teechip ?
this would have wiped a few m off the price if it had happened a few months earlier .
how about tying it in your shower so it can have steam ?
they are kind of airplants and should be suspended .
heating it in the oven for a bit before toasting would assure that it would be heated all the way through first but it wo n't get the pressed '' effect from the oven
get rid of the batteries and unlimited fuel flow .
that 's what is so sad about it all .
damn y'all caught me in the phase where i do n't have a crush
if i understood correctly fortnite recently put out a skin that made 11 mil in a weekend .
ginamit namin to noong drama presentation namin sa school hahaha .
the fact that you can not discern from the at least six times i 've said that i 've agreed with you that blake is bad makes me question your critical thinking and reasoning skills .
but for the final time at least on this argument blake is not a good qb but even a good qb does n't play defense yet we 're assuming that all of a sudden with solid qb play this defense suddenly learns how to stop dallas ' offense .
if a good qb could disguise all of the flaws on his team that packers would n't be 2-2-1 .
i read sometime ago about eishin-ryū 's tanka but it seems the articles are not available anymore .
edit just saw on another post that you 're the ryūshin shouchi-ryū guy nevermind my question about your school 😁
it 's going to depend on your office of course but table pull-ups are a thing .
hanging off of a sturdy door is also a possibility .
i was also ghosted after being with someone for 2 years .
we were actually talking about places to live after college graduation 22 both at the time weeks before he ghosted .
he also lied to everyone what he did to cover it up .
it was a year ago and i am still hurt by his actions .
he literally blindsided me after telling everyone we were going to make it work and acted like my bf for years before he did this .
i am after a year starting to open up to dating again but again the guy will have to be patient about my situation as i know i have some emotional damage from ex .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9o8vdj/wanting_to_build_portable_game_set_up_for_xbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've read on here of too many mils who wrecked marriages and sometimes homes and i 've seen it play out in real life as well .
never never never move the ils into your home .
it 's better to contribute towards an assisted living arrangement if possible than house them in your own home .
but of course anyone who criticizes these just hates new players there could n't possibly be anything wrong with them all change is good !
and some land to run them on where nobody is in the way ... .
my asshole just is n't hairy it really is n't .
i do n't have hair in between my crack .
some middle eastern women their pubic hair extends down to their thigh .
go to r/explainlikeimfive and search why do asians usually have no body hair and arabs have a lot ? ''
do people tend to think that they are going to do good or evil when they think about having a superpower ?
i just tend to think oh yeah i wish i could do that ! ''
if i see something bad happen though that 's when i think man if i had a super power i could stop that . ''
but otherwise in just general plain terms of me thinking it 's already neutral .
say what you want but the tackling has improved 10 fold the past 2 weeks .
but per the current law if they 've committed a crime police can act .
i have more success with jumping off and holding jump from a high ledge with nothing obstructing you beneath so the game realizes you are high above ground .
i 've died so many times because i jump off and do n't look below to see a piece of something sticking out and causing me to land on it and die
i can sincerely tell you this is n't true .
even in the most literal sense without going into the obvious use of prison labor as slavery the exploitation of illegal immigrants for slave labor or the joys of wage slavery that are both prevalent in the country .
we have literal slaves in this country so someone is clearly not against the idea and plenty of racist asshats seem to think it should make a comeback too .
after i just fucking preordered a 100 standard copy .
punishing racers for winning is also counter-intuitive for a racing game also to be fair .
thanks for the warning but i reckon i 'd be alright .
as a reminder comments should be lore-related and contribute to the topic at hand .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teslore if you have any questions or concerns .
did you preorder deluxe and get the extra skins ?
if you did then you will have extra skins .
go to blackout then before launching into a game press player '' then personalisation '' choose your merc you have unlocked and choose a skin .
i unlocked ajax from collecting armor shards and i have skins from preordering the deluxe enhanced version of the game .
if the motherboard you 're getting has m.2 socket then get the m.2 sata version of the ssd .
also phanteks p350x is at the pricepoint you 're looking and has better airflow and looks cooler .
literally the line is i ca n't wait till they all die . ''
becauae he was a well written character with a compelling build-up but also future promise that went nowhere .
seasons worth 's of story was laid out for proctor john in the span on minutes .
martha was planned from the beginning to be dragged out over the course of however many episodes until she was killed .
there 's no need for attachment because the story no longer has spontintuey nor a chance to grow .
put on my left contact lense and do some parts of my eye makeup on my left eye .
my vision is bad enough that i ca n't reach my right hand over my face for these things otherwise i ca n't get close enough to the mirror to see what i 'm doing .
but even if i put the right contact in first or on the rare occation i 'm doing my makeup while wearing contacts and therefore could see the mirror from far away i still do these things with my left hand cause that 's what i 'm used to and it 's the only way i can do them .
it 's more secure because nobody bothered to hack it yet .
ca n't be jews sjws are the biggest anti semites
i read on a fashion site they 're on track to make 100 million this year ?
it 's not as smooth as i wanted it to be cause the eye of the camera tends to make things harder but still i have to improve on that point .
yes allergies and i 'm treating them also my doctor said it is mostly from stress .
i dont have a medical reason not to sleep .
well we saw 2 rookies do well in the playoffs that 's not a bunch
if i was in that spot i would focus on interpersonal questions around these topics .
if you 're working closely with them you want to get along well .
not afraid to ask questions even if they feel it makes them look stupid
experience wise i 'd look for their knowledge on theory technicals and ask for examples of what they 've done specifically .
ask them to give you a high level audit of a site you know has issues or a client site you have audited but not implemented on yet and explain what they 're looking for and why they would change what they 're finding .
find out if they 're doing anything on the side for themselves or a family member .
that 's a good indication of level of interest and possibly what their goals are that may provide more insight vs the what 's your career goal '' types of questions .
what i would not expect is answers to the dumb interview questions that most people make up answers for and i would expect that someone at that level will want to advance rapidly .
the amby got nerfed hard so if a player is more than 50 hammer units away or something the crit does n't do a full 102 .
oni się do prowadzenia samochodu asenizacyjnego nie nadają co dopiero czasopisma .
if i 'm handsome then how come you can see why the comparison would make me upset ?
he was the central axle everyone competed against one another with everyone going through him as the centre of the wheel so no one spoke could become too independent or dangerous .
indonesia is at a trade deficit with australia topping almost 3.5 billion .
moving to ban australian goods as a retaliatory attack for recognising the israeli claim to jerusalem would be like stabbing themselves in the eye .
this is n't the 70 's and australia is n't east timor .
watch how quickly parliament can travel ban australians heading to bali denpasar jakarta and surabaya .
for a country that has 10x the population of australia they sure are n't that intimidating
yep plus the 13 '' retina model ssd flash is plugged into a caddy inside also with a cable going to the logic board whcih can fail just like the non retina model but nowhere near as common .
please make the check to 2020 thedonald is a dumb fuck foundation .
work fleixibly from home on six figure income doing proficiency test examining .
home paid off so 200,000 mortgage to dip into if necessary .
have insurance so do not feel need for emergency fund .
the world is going to become run by robots and humans will finally learn to live with each other .
i got the pencake skin as f2p with just using the normal energy bentos 2x 100 energy from the tempura event .
asides of the skin i managed to buy 80 skin vouchers as well .
it was deffinetly not easy but doable as f2p .
tempura event i cant say i am not even trying .
just grabbing there what i can but not really hiped for the skin .
the tempura event doesnt seem hard either though to tell you the truth but yeah the requirement there is that if you are f2p you need to have enough diamonds saved up for the chest resets energy refill .
i read somewhere that it would take like 800-1000 diamonds ?
tbh i do n't care about eu and na .
deep down everyone knows that korea is still number 1 .
only thing that kinda piss me off about na is that too much pro players do n't take their career seriously fortnite meme baby and that 's outraging to the rest of the world knowing that they should be able to do so much more with so many imports and money .
remember when g2 took holydays right before the msi ?
eu fans trashtalked them really hard and it was well deserved .
too many eu pro goes to na and become worst instead of better because the mentality is not the same hey zven mithy how did you go from best botlane in the west to worst than any random d2 botlane ?
i respect hard work and perseverance c9 are qualified because their draft was great and vit qualified are n't but no one trashtalked vit perf and not one would have been able to trashtalk c9 even if they lost because they gave it their all and went way higher than we expected them to be .
the rolling stones van halen aerosmith ... lots of bands have gone on long past their prime and it has n't really diminished their legacy .
yeah he would 've lost the hunger the music might 've gotten worse but then again there are bands like radiohead that have put out solid music for their entire 30 year run with no duds in sight .
i 'd like to think kurt would 've had that level of creative integrity .
it 's always amazing to me how many people do n't even think about domestic transracial adoption existing people look at my family all the time and just assume that my son was adopted internationally .
that 's interesting.. so is there a work around for duplicati ?
ultimate edition is on sell again this week for 6 according to the weekly sale post .
on december 5 2007 candy boy was released on dvd along with the limited edition of korean artist meilin 's candy boy cd single .
5 this is the first release from a project called anime 2.0 in which a single is sold accompanied by an ova .
you should definitely do some research into the construction and early uses of the school buildings .
they also laser scan each individual log to determine which cuts to use to maximize output given the variances in shape log to log .
but still undeniably of german decent and therefore ethnically german .
look i understand there is a difference between ethnic background and passport holding nationals but ethnic chinese are still recognized as ethnic chinese despite there first language culture or social status .
pilipinos are very proud of bruno mars ' despite him only having partial decent and possibly no knowledge of tagalog not sure on that last point .
europeans and germans especially may be embarrassed and look down upon people who rightfully claim heritage but are in no position to deny these people their own identity it only comes off as arrogant .
i prefer the old system where it was just reddit gold and the one month premium you get from that .
now i see a fucking stone gold star and a fucking minecraft diamond on posts .
the thing is reddit has literally no competitors so they are free to do whatever they want and in a few months everyone will get used to it .
i have never bitten my nails but i constantly pick the skin around my nails .
you ca n't pick so easily with acrylics because they 're so thick so it helped my hands heal a little .
i 've recently switched to gels and my nails are loads healthier but i can pick my skin again so you ca n't win them all i guess .
i did n't like the casino so i kinda just decided to read the scenes later on the wiki .
one of my favorite star wars game ever along with battlefront ii 2005 and the force unleashed
i do n't care where he lands politically and neither should anyone else for that matter .
sadly i think you 'll find that the great majority on both sides will disagree
it 's just a long whine about dna tests and bitching about citizenship that warren never said anything about .
the louvre is closed on christmas but open the 24th and the 26th .
you 'll definitely be able to find something open for food on the 25th you might have to search a bit however .
i lived in paris for two years till 2015 so i doubt things have changed that much .
i can understand that but thats not taking the bus for fun of it ''
i know for sure that a lot of single retired old people around copenhagen just take public transportation for the fun of it .
they wake up in the morning and think i think i 'll go to gilleleje today ''
i do n't understand how it 's so hard to look at birthrates in places that are progressive '' and let in immigrants like crazy and not see that there 's a demographic shift .
you do n't have to brutally mow down a population to get them removed .
it 's not happening everywhere but in places like paris and london and is continuing to spread to other parts of europe .
same with the us did you know that in los angeles alone more illegal immigrants are having anchor babies than 14 other states birth rates combined ?
going from a laptop which have a heavy tactile bump usually to a red which is incredibly linear and no tactile bump will be incredibly jarring .
you 're going to take some time to get used to it give it time and practice and you 'll get used to it .
hmm might be a stretch maybe there are images of the other 3 around the map ?
whats the loungue and what can you do with coins ?
i would love to have your current job im assuming since its digital you are able to work out of anywhere .
i dont know how much you earn and if it 's possible for you but have you considered travelling the world living in different cities for a while and constantly changing your surroundings while still working your current job digitally ?
if all you need is a laptop to work travel to a different country rent a airbnb and live there till you get bored and then move on to different place .
i figured it was likely a sheet error but i have a bit more faith in you guys then the devs
you should be able to put the remux on a drive and play it via usb .
after i roll for merlin gon na save for a few months for melt then yagyu then circe and eresh .
i could spend hours just watching her sleep even though her window is in the way .
why are defenders of celeste ng always these creepy white guys with a debilitating asian fetish like this guy above .
if that is n't telling i do n't know what is .
she 'll be judged soon enough by the rest of the activist community by the company she keeps .
namely creepy white guys her biggest fans and defenders .
this made me think twice about painting my wheels black you can hardly see the model/size
as the woman you have about 90 of the power in choosing who you want .
to act on it literally do anything that gets your target's attention .
you want to aim for subtle but direct so you do n't come off as easy or too forward .
sit near them touch their arm/leg smile even the tried and true hi works .
once you 've made contact you 'll be able to figure out within a minute if the other person is interested .
well i guess that 's one way to watch it .
season 14 is a bunch of fan directed and scripted episodes that got roosterteeth 's approval and i thought it was pretty good .
there 's a 3 episode arc about locus and felix which you should definitely watch even if you skip the rest of season 14 .
15 had a new writer/director that did n't quite know how to make rvb yet so it 's not as good but not too bad either .
season 16 had a new co-writer join in who also did n't know how to make rvb while the director pretty much understood it so what you get is a reasonably ish written season ruined with poorly timed jokes by the co-writer .
new guy has a beginner 's understanding of rvb like he watched blood gulch half asleep and thought yeah i could do that '' and then proceeded to do what he saw which was a bunch of dick jokes and slapstick with no context .
batting practice and homerun derby would be great additions .
maybe call for different types of pitches so you can get the timing down .
i wan na be able to build my own ship and take it out for a spin doing all the sick flips and shit over waves
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sarmsourcetalk if you have any questions or concerns .
can we have a cyber dragon constructed deck too now with one gem purchase option ?
how is 1/64th to 1/1024 amerindian 1 individual going back 6-10 generations warren winning ?
by her standard according to my own tests i 'm west african middle eastern east asian and aztec
do you think i can get a minority small business loan ?
just do n't mention the 98 white european thing ...
dj 's currently just sidelined due to injury right now right ?
no way they do n't give him his rematch whenever he 's ready again ... in aldo 's case dana would bend over backwards for whatever conor demanded and it was a damn shame that conor did n't want to give aldo an immediate rematch .
now i do n't know how much gold medals are but monetary-wise cejudo is not on a level where dana would pass off a dj rematch if that is n't what cejudo wants .
yep they came out at almost exactly the same time too .
yeah true he made her block the entrance after he bleeped himself through the first door .
damn black people how dare they live in the same buildings we do ?
i 've been assuming it 's gon na be 50 and hope it is .
this beautiful birb surprised me tho apparently her cp is above average for my trainer lvl .
i always thought he was humming the always look on the bright side of life song .
if they wan na act like toddlers that 's their choice .
i do n't need to waste time responding to them .
now take that step and another one and another ... and keep running
i think if you have all maxed out then 30fps is awesome .
x-plane 11 performance guide tells that you should aim to 25-30fps because in low speed sim like in flight sim that is about the point where fps is enough for your eyes .
of course you notice difference if you move camera fast .
i do n't believe there is pc that can handle x-plane 11 with max settings at 60fps .
or if there is then it must be real monster .
that 's just poor experimental technique aka human/user error .
what 's the issue with telling somebody to smile ?
here i am minding my own business just trying to do my job when some asshole i accidentally made eye-contact with tells me i 'm using my face wrong .
okay now i have two options i can smile which makes him think he 's done me a favor and that he 's right to go around telling people to change their facial expressions or i can keep my expression neutral and get labeled a bitch .
i usually opt to smile and die a little on the inside .
if duterte decided filipino master race dapat maging parang hapon tayo !
we will speak filipino exclusively and foreigners must learn filipino in our own country .
pia cayetano will be like hell yeah peenoypride mufuggas ''
but they did n't cut from the jp-region ps4 release afaik so it was removed to meet cert from one of the other regions specifically .
seems like kind of a stretch to call that the game company 's decision to remove it rather than sony 's .
i 'd probably be like that the first couple years in prison and then be so thankful and grateful to be out .
truly i do n't even know i could never imagine being locked in with some of the worst people in the world that are managed by just as bad people most of the time for something i did n't do and lose 20 years of my life .
i mean i get depressed just thinking about the 2 years i willingly wasted before college when i did n't do shit but play video games and date terrible girls
i read a reply from tynan a few months ago that he made himself have horrible stats on purpose .
i 'm on mobile right now so ca n't provide a link .
maybe someone else will have a go on reddits search toaster or i might when i get back from work in 10ish hours .
i 've not gone as far as space as i died to a very high up rock but i 've had this too
it puts out more light of yellowish/greenish wavelength than any other color .
after having to count horses for six hours i grew weary of horses . ''
after the third time an assassin disguised as a horse tried to murder me i grew wary of horses . ''
do you have an opinion on what you did get to see of the movie ?
after accidentally running over a turtle with a lawn mower i could n't stand using the mower for fear that one of my cats would get out of the house and somehow make a beeline under the loudest most foul-smelling machine around .
i could probably mow a lawn now that i 've grown up and had some time without the fear being reinforced but there are a lot of reasons why i shouldn't/do n't need to do so .
i sent you a pm with a hand written guide .
let me know if you would like any further help with any of the steps
i agree that land should be given more value but i think there are better more balanced ways of doing it .
one of the sexiest things making out with my partner after he goes down on me .
nothing i just think he deserves a conor payday and i want to see conor get beat up some more
i 'd be shocked if the university of washington had a dress code for students .
looks like they 've really tightened security ever since that sexual assault case last year .
the attack has a 50 chance of increasing the enemy 's chance to land a glancing hit for 2 turns. atk 3.6 20 none
2|ignite|attacks the enemy with a burning flame inflicting continuous damage for 3 turns. atk 4.6 90 3
3|incinerate|inflicts great damage by blowing up the continuous damage effects on the enemy .
the inflicted damage increases by 50 for each effect. atk 5.8 4
ocellus is gon na fulfill so many fantasies for the student six
you know ill just be happy with auto aim on/off option .
so i can turn it off and hopefully the attacks will be aim where i tap on screen .
a kid i did n't even like asked my parents if he could sleep over they said yes because they assumed i wanted him to .
he then turned on the family computer and connected to the internet we paid by the minute in the uk for dialup .
the attack has a 50 chance of increasing the enemy 's chance to land a glancing hit for 2 turns. atk 3.6 20 none
2|decelerate|attacks all enemies decreasing their attack speed for 2 turns with an 80 chance on each target. atk 2.1 4
3|shooting star|summons shooting stars that attack all enemies randomly .
the inflicted damage increases if the same target gets hit again. atk 1.6 5
our broadband market has more players so i do n't think it makes sense for cci to step in because of jio picking up a minority stake in cable companies .
if one of the big three telcos collapses after this though you can expect a lot more antitrust scrutiny on every transaction jio executes .
at least that 's how i think it should be — trai did n't really curtail jio 's growth that much even though it directly led to a smaller wireless market .
they justified it by saying that a small market can still be intensely competitive which it currently is .
do n't know how long that will remain true if jio gets really serious about home broadband .
hold up is collin farrell playing the same character in the netflix adaptation ?
i 'll let you know after i finish kissing my way down .
so weirdly enough it did n't drop for me for the longest despite reaching the dreaming city long ago on my warlock instead it dropped from a random crucible match .
but when i switch to leveling my hunter the quest did drop for me upon reaching the dreaming city .
thats the reason why mages or guardians pick guardians blessing so if their pushed under tower they do n't lose gold
it 's almost like investing in the next generation will pay off somehow ...
but what do i know about capitalism or investment ?
i just hate to see children starving regardless of circumstances .
there 's a few resources available in terms of installing/shimming gears and spring values etc .
in terms of putting a gen8 into an aug it 's all about that dremel .
i have n't personally done it but from what i 've seen and heard you just need to hack away a bit from the inside of the stock and then support the barrel in some way .
edit also you need to use a scar t-piece straight one in order for the mag to line up .
if someone would see your comment 5 years ago they would be amazed how someone could diss on the fact you could climb everything .
i havent played odyssey but everything need to have a basis in logic and needs to have limits hurr hurr pos .
karnivool is one one of my favorite prog rock bands but it seems like no one has ever heard of them ...
overheard in pakistan 's locker room after the second test
he got me azhar said of lyon 's wicket .
ali added he 's so good repeating it four times .
ali then said he wanted to add gaz to the list of players he gets rekt by this summer .
it 's a difficult thing to discuss without context .
i think some went too far in day to day life on the other side i wish some politicians would use it a little more instead of screaming stupid things they did n't think about .
there 's one restaurant where i live that has one english word on the premises a closed sign .
i would n't care except they advertise in the english language tourism brochure every year .
also the first place we rented here we had to go through an intermediary because the owner would n't rent to gaijin .
i did n't think i cared but i 've been thrilled to see it empty since we moved out 18 months ago .
fenix you need to click a button every time you attack in order to attack as intended .
already did even downed myself in front of it too
what do you mean the only way to stop it ?
how about you win one lose one and then go to the lobby instead of challenging again lose one win one and then give up or just refuse races from people with w/l or swap in their name ?
it would make tp useless because everything can oneshot a minion and tp would cancel
i used a stick on backsplash that looks like tiles .
check out the sticky tiles here https www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b01d7xkfl0 ? psc=1 ref=yo_pop_mb_pd_title
last time i exported static mesh to ue was in 4.18 or 19 ?
this tool does n't help just makes a mess .
i do n't see many people complaining about this so i am not sure if i am doing something wrong or this is new norm .
this post archive.org https web.archive.org/20181016073554/https i.redd.it/egrmkvkc3is11.jpg megalodon.jp http megalodon.jp/pc/get_simple/decide ? url=https i.redd.it/egrmkvkc3is11.jpg could not auto-archive click to resubmit it !
you no longer need to be a zillionaire to make money from crypto .
further i utilised the services of moocowmoo and splawik where i gained portions of block reward via mn share systems .
try and make one and you get fired basically .
if companies/industries get big enough without one being set up they will come down hard on anyone trying to do so .
add an extra step to throwing your money in the trash ! ''
i went to a museum exhibit all about the history of cannibalism specifically through the european lens in san diego https www.museumofman.org/exhibits/cannibals-myth-reality recently .
fascinating to see how unfounded cannibalism hysteria drove a lot of important decisions from wether to try to settle a place to why it 's fine to kidnap black people and display them in zoos into the 1900s to wether to stay in a place upon shipwreck .
hope you have those semi-expensive vamps ready cause it is going to take over ranked unless bewd has something to say about it .
this list of chapters and summaries may help you figure out what you 're listening to .
this is also a shoutout to exadventists who still believe in a religion .
the judgement gets in the way of helping you work out issues while you are most vulnerable and if you could pray away an issue you would n't of needed that therapist to begin with .
any secular therapist worth their salt will help you reconcile yourself and your religion if that 's what is important to you .
especially do not go to your pastor for counseling !
they are n't trained to set personal boundaries and protect themselves and you emotionally .
they also are n't bound to protect your information by any regulations whatsoever ... because they are n't therapists whose licenses can be rescinded !
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
can you see it all the way from north bethesda ?
i think you may be misunderstanding what i meant .
they are not delaying anything just timing it well .
turn 1 they drop lavarunner turn 2 you drop your forest .
turn 3 they drop another 1 drop leaving 1 mana open .
turn 4 comes you drop your walker it is burnt down by wiz lightning .
next turn they are already hitting you for 4/5 damage before you have 3 mana up .
atleast that is how it usually goes for me .
young people pay good money to get hair that colour 😁
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
sitting here thinking it through and ca n't think of a reason it would n't work .
even the gm distributor would be easy to set 180° off .
i do n't like thinking about all the head work it would take to overcome the restrictions of those tiny 305 exhaust valves and ports .
it was one of the only things we got that was personalized and i love it !
zander did n't have one besides his base and alysia had one this is pretty hyperbolic i 'll give you ashka has a lot .
as someone who has it on xbox i can confirm it is not garbage .
and i 'm pretty sure it 's doing the damage it 's supposed to whereas people with higher framerates on pc are doing more damage than is intended .
fox needs to realize hot mics and sporting events do n't mix well
i have a10 headphones and i can hear pretty much everything .
i would also say that i play with my ps4 controller hardwired and changed my ps4 settings to reflect that .
it increased the volume that made it to the headphones and there is more consistency
i really like lamb with the last pick as well .
he does n't do anything at an amazing but does nothing poorly .
a good pick to help round out your team with the final pick as well as offering versatility in the position you can play him .
big ben gets tapped on the helmet and its a penalty .
tj watt gets fined 20k for tagging a qb on the shin .
but its not a penalty to grab a db by the top of the helmet and drive it into the ground ?
3-4 times a week lifting push pull leg days with some sort of cardio rowing machine incline treadmill walking or biking .
how many times have we seen defenders with free runs at rodgers tonight ?
your submission has been automatically removed because the title only contains a single word breaks rule 4 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woooosh if you have any questions or concerns .
people are saying she deactivated which could be true but i feel like that seems unlikely if you guys have never met .
maybe she just did n't see the point of staying matched since you guys do n't talk on the app anymore ?
the shitty part of the lineup that has done literally the most damage this entire series for the brewers offense ...
production began in june 2016 and ended in august 2016 ... . before the election you half wit .
besides which if you think that someone made stalin out to be a monster and most of the soviet union out to be a totalitarian shit hole run by sociopaths and idiots just to have a dig at trump then you seriously need to learn your history .
certain swiss cantons only have a 4 personal income tax .
the thing is i ca n't go that route i feel a lot better now compared to 5 hours ago since then i wrote down my goals that i keep failing at but i 'm ready to try again but as i was walking out to my car i began to cry and feel completely hopeless .
but with local help i ca n't do that because my career would get messed up if it went on record i mean maybe an anonymous place ?
kids are over the top happy when the teacher fails to show up not when you give them an extra 'happiness ' class .
agriculture secretary emmanuel f. piñol said the 4ps is a questionable social program as it reduces poor families to a level of waiting for money from the government instead of making them productive .
in the comics around this time carl becomes more of the protagonist which really works well because he 's a teenager
now the focus is shifting off rick but there 's no actor/character in the right place to take it
i have failed to find any reference to bimetalic disks on the site or any of his videos .
are you just assuming that 's what they use ?
every reference to the cap is said in the same breath with 100 medical grade stainless steel '' my cookie sheets flex and clang in the oven when i heat them it 's very possible the disks are made of stainless dude i dont understand your fixation and dissatisfaction with the answers provided .
if they do have some proprietary metallurgy why would they publish the materials and their ratios outside of the patent ?
i 'd be the htc one had a miserable yellow tint to it .
so bad people could identify the phone from the pictures
i get the feeling pinker is just waiting for his academic career to wain to show his power level .
if you 're wanting to study post grad med at melbourne you need to complete biochemistry .
given that chem is a prerequisite for biochem hopefully you 've completed first year chem ?
otherwise khan academy is a good starting place for chem and physics !
i dont go well with counslors plus if i told them this they whould hospatlize me all honesty if i get to that point might as well hang myself it be a laugh in my own fucked up way
i would have loved for him to sing it at his concert
i do n't know if aphria will make all the revenue that is predicted but they sure are priced as though they will .
my metrics have them around 32 selling all the revenue that is predicted '' at a 25 pe .
he ended up staying until the end of the day guess someone calmed him down .
you should increase travel speed been watching for 5 minutes and you 've been on that same spot the whole time !
you might check out r/cinemagraphs you might dig it .
edit and now i 'm thoroughly embarrassed i figured i was on r/welding .
i 'm gon na go ahead and leave it so y'all can laugh at me .
my original goal weight was 120lbs so hovering somewhere between 110 and 115 is 100 fine by me .
i hold up to 5lbs of water at certain times of the month because of the pill as well so at least i 'm already mentally prepared for that .
that was the best promo cass ever did for a minute i thought he might get a push
i think i might be the tim in this scenario .
what am i looking for on the swoosh that makes it thick ?
i work for a hospital and it 's my job is to make sure your medications have no interactions .
i do n't really sell any vaccine but it 's in my job description to make sure the transplanted organ you got is n't going to fail on you or get rejected because you forgot to get the flu shot .
same thing could be said for elderly patients and kidneys failing or patients who are immune compromised .
you are just assuming because most pharmacist work in a cvs/walgreens all pharmacist must not have any clinical skills .
you should realize that there are many specialist pharmacists that work for organ transplant cancer/chemo infectious diseases cardiovascular centers nicu/icu and emergency rooms .
yea ... .i am not a tax lawyer but i am 13 sure that only mortgage interest on your primary mortgage is deductible .
my tesla loan from last month was 1.3 for 4 years 1600 in interest or so
the same loan as a home equity loan for 15 years right now would be 474/month .
as her unwarranted internet life coach i think her lack of healthy habits and hygiene practices is the first area of business to be addressed but yes after we conquer those issues i 'm sure she can work on the grammar i 'm not even trying to sound bitchy with this i really think constructive friendly advice would be so good for her .
like girl to girl friendly kind hearted advice most were probably taught as kids that maybe she missed out on like a crash course briefing on small things that add up .
its been so long since the worst generation was last mentioned in the anime i completely forgot appo existed .
hahaha i remember when i realised that mission to steal rpg so give it to bandits and put down megaphon then going to swamp and after that to rostok when i returned to cordon i saw military shooting with bandits and all loners in rookie village dead hahaha 10/10 will do it again .
well we had that stretch in the mid 2000s aka the gibbs ii era where we were actually pretty decent .
two playoffs in the four years he was here .
does n't sound great but in the other 20 years after our last super bowl win we 've only made it 3 other times .
you 're so caught up with being the cool girlfriend '' and desperate for a marriage a kids that you 're letting yourself settle with a total loser .
joe is one of those guys who think they are clever and smarter than everyone else just because he reads a lot of books .
i really do like this though he is amateur and that makes the show more entertaining like main character in fargo .
in l2 the axeman 's nickname would turn red after he killed the poor little guy .
i really want to be tied down and used however the gal would see fit .
hopefully have my face sat on for a long time .
yeah it seemed logical but now i 'm questioning it cuz the whole mitsuki retrieval arc is canon so it seems unlikely they would show him losing his eye in that way without any reference to it in the manga yet .
with that in mind i think kawaki or someone from kara will be the one to take his eye
they were probably lodged in someone 's shoe in your house tracked in like pebbles .
at least edg making it easy for tl to spot their weak links .
i hate this idea that liberals need to be scared cowering victims .
this kind of shit just feeds into that stereotype .
one story i 've heard is during ww2 the maori battalion were fighting the italian army somewhere in north africa .
after the initial encounters both sides dug in decent trenches and fortifications and a bit of a stalemate developed .
the maori did n't much like this style of fighting and eventually their frustrations grew to the point where they all jumped up out of their trenches and did a haka in front of the italians .
the italians started shooting at the unprotected maori and a few went down but they just continued their haka ignoring the casualties .
the italians eventually decided fuck this these guys are nuts and we a not fighting them and abandoned their positions and retreated .
patrolling and tryin ' to catch me ridin ' dirty
exactly.. office jobs seem like absolute hell where you got ta watch every word you say as to not offend anyone .
pretty sure some of these people would n't even make it through a morning meeting where i work .
i remember what he told couple of months or more ago
we will do everything we can to make them regret this decision .
what i mean by that is simply doing the best we can on track with our own team under our own colours .
i am really extremely excited by the performance improvement to come in particular with spec c which we will introduce later this season . ''
motherfucker this is my first of four days i just had three demented patients and one infiltrated while giving blood .
in fact give me that gun i will fucking end you ! ''
i legit burst out laughing at the freelancer part and then died with the khartu-al .
please never ever use photoshop to farm karma again .
the result is horrible and as u/lorcian shows the unphotoshopped version is actually much more interesting and beautiful .
it 's not like they do n't have a search engine that works with the government already .
it might be helpful for them to have more than one option .
i 'm bearded and bald but by far most people asked to touch my head back when i spiked my hair .
i like how my pun was so bad the guy just deleted his comment entirely
en nyt kyllä muista yhtäkään merkittävää uutisjuttua vihreistä viimeisen vuoden aikana jossa eläinoikeusasiat olisivat olleet jotenkin näkyvästi esillä ?
ehkä joku kampanja on jossakin joskus ollut mutta en kyllä siinä tapauksessa sitä huomannut .
year 2 is really more dedicated to rebuilding/finishing your farm as well as the community center and a few end-game quests .
i recently got to year 3 in my latest farm and there 's really nothing else to do to pass the time besides wasting every resources i got on the skull cave .
my entire farm is automatized money will never be a problem thanks to sheds pumping out ancient fruit wine every week i 'm married have kids every tool is upgraded ...
the only things that are missing is just achievement hunting which i hate doing .
i guess all games that are this sandbox-ey end up like this .
it was the same for minecraft terraria slime rancher ...
and rey does n't win every fight but initially loses to kylo ren .
and she does n't overcome her personal demons effortlessly either .
they answer the most meaningless stuff and people cream their pants over it .
we are releasing fifa 20 in sep 2019 . ''
tigers do it too they 're notorious for holding grudges .
raping a rapist fixes nothing but makes our carnal urge for vengeance appeased .
i 've seen a few people complain about it since the patch i 'd say it 's a bug .
yeah this debate has been swimming in my head recently because of developments at home .
i 'm convinced i want 50 houses or no houses .
it needs to be done professionally and with all the finance and trades contracts on speed dial .
b probably a bad idea of you do it often enough that a homophobic dude could claim hostile work environment since you 're the boss
mine has been on origin post is preparing shipment since 10/10 .
does that mean it 's coming soon or is it in the us ?
i actually prefer reading modern es6 over java typescript or no .
the other problem is that you have to build out native bridges to access certain device apis which means you ca n't escape from knowing the native layer unless you 're building really trivial apps which to be fair is probably 99 of apps out there
finally a post that is not saying anyone can get this gun !
but instead highlights the reality of the difficulty while driving on the things you can do to increase your chances of success .
i wont be going for it past luna 's but i respect this post .
great job op ... xbox is a nasty environment for sweats .
lot 's of fps/halo vets on xbox and a lower population to deal with .
mika has a chance but he must move quickly .
the barbados has the advantage of being an unknown machine so zero system ca n't feed possible outcomes at the start of the fight .
however the longer the fight goes on better the chances are for the wing zero .
thank you you convinced me to try it out .
i think with the cc you think in advance what you want to look for at the enemy team right ?
every country had his own foot mile and so on .
that 's also why europe adapted metric that fast .
yeah i met a old woman who was hooked on clash of clans .
her husband kicked her out of their bed multiple times .
and btw these games are designed to be addictive .
i last used ef 6 so this is based on that .
steep learning curve fraught with pits of failure as described below .
entity modeling and maintenance is a frustrating mess whether you 're deriving from a db or writing code-first .
over-engineered because it 's being asked to handle every use case sql server supports .
also as of ef 6 it was relatively coupled to sql server i do n't recall any other db vendors having well-implemented providers .
debugging in many cases was limited to profiling the db server and being shocked at the generated sql coming through .
theres tons of gaming tournaments for consoles including xbox .
get off your pc high horse you look silly .
have faith we might get a event out here in the bush lol
as a former co manager i have to say that i am at least glad you guys will actually have a device to do your job now .
as far as what ho can see it is not much tbh .
mainly they can see what apps you have installed on your entire device and the device location .
you will notice that myproductivity loads faster than on a tc70 .
on a tc70 when you scan an item it goes over your stores network which is already crowded and clogged with other data traffic then to the home office where it processes then all the way back to your device .
with byod it 's much faster since you can use your data package .
i only commented on the fact people think he is unhireable .
in reality it is that simple comments made in a private setting can and are constantly downplayed .
its 8am just woke up and saw this and thought it was for cities skylines .
the moment i saw the bit about armies i knew something wasnt right ... .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicalvideo if you have any questions or concerns .
when you look that good no reason to feel anything but pride !
i know franklin county has a ‘sample ballot ' which i was able to print .
i could see pittsburgh being added in as dlc one day with a fair amount of human npc 's to boot with stories and shit .
i mean its realistically not too far north of fallout 76 's map boundary and if the lone wanderer could make the journey from washington dc in 2277 then we the players could easily head a little bit north in 2102 .
could make a nice contrast to 76 where the problems in the pittsburgh expansion are mainly human since we know the mutant and wild life are n't much of a problem in the area at least by 2277 where at beast we keep the wasteland away from the city while our efforts to help the npc 's ultimately end up being a futile effort since we know the place ends up being a shithole within 150 years .
i tend to simplify subjects in my head so i ca n't return it to you in the same way i digested the original form .
unfortunately that means certain bits of information fall into the gaps .
it just does n't have any basis in physics .
i do n't have a degree in physics nor do i have an interest in obtaining one .
but that does n't disqualify me from wanting to understand something and explain it back within the limits of my own understanding .
what you are describing in your comments is purely made up .
not having a physics degree does n't disqualify from wanting to understand but this is n't what you are doing is it ?
you have posted some made up science fiction vision of yours and are doubling down when told yeah actually from a science perspective it is just nonsense . ''
my own understanding of something does n't need to be the same of yours but at the very least it just needs to be aligned with the facts .
i am hereby informing you that your comments are n't aligning with any scientific facts .
i work out near tyson 's and i do n't think i 've ever seen this
haha ... this is the news not a government entity .
you think they 're still holding onto that smoking gun evidence ?
since we 're talking about the grave digger i like reload on it but mag size is solid on the wraith .
other than that 2x crit dmg and crit rate is a must .
wraith gets a slight edge over the bobcat and hydra as best ar in the game
i 'm so glad it 's not what i thought it 'd be .
but from what i see not that popular as well .
i 'm glad you went with the ibc i think it was the right choice .
the buderus guy just did n't sound right to me the bid was high in the first place and this design phase '' just sounded like an excuse to pack on an extra design charge . ''
latina generally refers to the term mestizo which just means mixed race white native which latin america is mainly made up by
30 dagen is wanneer er verder niks is afgesproken .
een termijn van 14 dagen is ook prima zo lang dat maar is afgesproken .
actually if the chinese translations are correct phonesekal drak are actually below the battalion commander in the chain of command .
this wiki page gives a pretty good explanation of the rl chain of command https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/company 28military_unit 29 and coincides with line 's translation except the part about squadron '' where it really should have been corps '' .
edit forgot to add the actual link to the wiki page
sure but that 's a different issue that 's easily solved with do n't buy stuff you do n't think is good enough '' .
it 's still not a counter to the idea that indie games are somehow inherently better value because any dlc makes a aaa game incomplete '' .
i thought he was pointing a shotgun at his own head
i think it would be crazy to believe that it is the best in all situations at any given time to fully disclose .
people have to make their best decision but i really think that the default position to be argued against is talking about it .
also you may find the bit about partners feeling more upset about the concealment than the kink absurd but unless folks are just making this up in their threads that 's something we see time and time again .
anecdotally at least many partners find hiding it to be a bad thing .
i 'm sure some would probably rather not know .
disclosure is uncomfortable but i believe it to be the right choice for me in any intimate relationship and worthy of strong consideration for others .
been waiting for someone who is interested to contact me or those involved in the modding community not palette editors .
not really interested in giving information to incompetent people or those looking to make garbage .
i got together a group of newcomers and veteran modders of this game all varying in skill and it was doing pretty well .
although i think the veteran modders have discontinued their work and enthusiasm and so have i .
i tried to bring enthusiasm but the kind of people i have encountered the most are lazy consumers just taking in garbage people disconnected with social media as was i once and those interested in doing they own thing .
if you or anyone interested want to build off of this just contact me us or anyone involved .
i personally check for some level competency and give instructions on what you may need before giving you all the info .
i 'm not very sensitive but when it gets to a point i speak up .
can you respond to me so i can block you on reddit here ?
so i should n't worry about having enough money if i know i have enough money ?
the video itself all jesse says is that he got to try out the demo for the new game .
jesse is good about letting us know about videos he is paid to make .
he has a whole thumbnail and end screen for it .
also this was something new for a video setup that jesse was trying out .
honestly i would wait this one out like im looking on google trying to figure this out
i 'm 22 years old and everyone i know has seen ferris bueler 's day off .
both of the players you named have high upsides .
robcov is an okay ceiling and okay floor guy imo .
punt ft context means you 're probably high on bigs so you 've blocks secured .
the question is if you next least priority is either ast 3s or stls .
i 'd draft depending on strat but generally the players you named have higher ceilings imo .
i 'm 5'8 '' been carried by a transbian before who was admittedly much taller and stronger than me swoon .
weight is probably a bigger deal than height though the two are related .
once again if you had some comprehension you would understand that those were just 2 of the reasons .
i also said i do n't enjoy watching him fight .
also i think we are likely both bitter people for having this pointless argument on reddit .
yeah and one of the provisions i 've is that only if she is the nominee and only if he can personally administer the test and i pray he means someone his camp selects but based on his statement at his rally there were no such conditions .
i just hate the fact that he can say absurd shit and then weasel enough out of the way to say see i did n't technically lie it 's just like the i meant to say i do n't see any reason why it would n't be russia debacle .
he could n't own up to a mistake so he changes the terms post facto and all is forgotten .
he answered my call on a yolo roll on the bryn banner and he destroyed everything in his path until i retired him after getting both iba and herc almost back to back .
i previously didnt really care at all for him but he proved my lack of attention to be a big mistake .
i started out excited it became an annoyance after a while .
i ca n't even hug people without being self conscious about it .
i 'm not too upset since i actually have boobs now but it still sucks hurting most of the time .
so they know the closet-monster is n't in there .
or they were just too lazy to close it ...
luckily for me my family can afford sat fees .
what does the moon caryll rune mean in the game anyway ?
darla looked a lot like buffy and all buffy could seee was the fancy dress .
i 'm loving that this post is generating a long list of trashy vampire novels .
he still is super involved with chicago nonprofits and stuff
it 's gon na be a crisis when the anime gets to king crimson
100 hussain drew nominations to himself and tomasz by not selecting someone who is typically 'safe ' .
one of them will leave in the first eviction probably hussain as revenge for nominating jesus .
having a brain and going to a kendrick lamar concert are mutually exclusive .
if you came from jazz you might appreciate anomalie https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=em51edyfzka tennyson https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bx5rkjigouq and fkj https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xuc9c-c6ldw .
bonobo https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cixtscmox7s is one of my favorite downtempo artists and some of his older albums are much jazzier as well .
herbert https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=k4brdqa5phu is definitely another one that comes to mind the classical influence being pretty clear .
haywyre https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ugenoml0ohc blends classical jazz funk glitch-hop and dubby sorts of sounds together quite well in my opinion .
kilowatts https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cq8fqcacfd0 is another artist surely well-versed in classical composition as his own productions clearly show .
all of these are excellent producers and musicians and i 'm sure they 're all well aware of the theory but it 's hard to say for sure how much of their composition is created specifically with exploring theory in mind .
i 've seen some stuff from mr. bill https www.youtube.com/user/mrbillstunes geared towards applying theory to electronic music but he 's one of the few that are out there posting informational content .
if you 're working with ableton i would also highly recommend mr. bill as a fantastic resource for learning lots of different production techniques .
hope you enjoy some of this though i 'm sorry i could n't do more to answer your question !
very quick response time and very efficient with the process .
the men that kid has the balls to stand up to are pieces of human garbage .
do they get a pay raise for being higher level ?
i started looking through their website thinking they 're based somewhere north or east u.s. and i find that they are actually based in the same exact town i live in .
i 'm going to stop in in a couple days .
yep but there 's no way in hell he 's taking a rookie extension and i have n't heard a peep about it being offered so i doubt they even tried .
he 'll be a rfa at the end of the year .
right now im looking at her and shes cleaning her nipples !
ive never had fancy rats before so i dont quite know their build but fingers crossed !
ya but also this is a fan-art of the current meme which is making all flags into this one random pic that was posted recently .
so it 's not as serious of a post as far as deeper meanings are concerned .
at any given temperature you can take the wind speed and calculate what is known in canada as the wind chill or feels like .
i was going to add the formula but that is n't really eli5 so i 'll just give the link .
edit i suppose in the summer it would be the difference between the actual temperature and the humidity level or humidex .
in a vaccuum certainly yes her statements can be considered trying to be edgy for popularity .
contextually though she 's running for mayor and therefore has plenty of potential influence and power and regardless of whether or not her comments or affiliation are just trolling we must take them seriously because if we do not keep our guard up when it comes to who we choose to lead us it can be very easy to not take someone seriously when they become serious .
if any politician willingly spouts nazi rhetoric and uses white nationalist platforms then no matter how well meaning the person may be we must treat them as if they are exactly what they say as anyone with that kind of influence will be speaking not just to us rational people but also to children anyone ignorant to politics and those who were previously afraid to make their real feelings known .
we must hold our leaders to the highest standards lest we normalize the worst of us .
they 're who we should be looking up to !
take for example donald trump in the united states who also made statements that some could consider innocent throughout his campaign .
many who lambasted him and tried to hold him to a higher standard were ignored being told that he does n't actually mean that '' or he 's just trying to court the south '' or you 're reading too far into it . ''
if i am reading too far into it i 'd rather that be the case than accidentally promoting a real white nationalist .
tolerance ends the moment someone else threatens your life or livelihood and that 's what white nationalism does to minorities .
u/warriorjrd does a good writeup of why it 's important we do n't normalize these ideas in this comment https old.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/9obt9y/in_addition_to_bell_rogers_media_now_also_refuses/e7twlzf .
essentially we should treat any explicit nod to nazism or neo-nazism in our political sphere as a warning siren that nazi ideology is coming back and immediately remind the world that canada will not tolerate it .
you do n't take being wrong well so you ?
better educate yourself and stop being so undiscriminating about who and what you believe just because it suits your racist ends .
you realize most if not all fortnite dances existed before fortnite ?
noooo do n't stack that 's not smart imagine if the team has one bad game .
like that shark getting hit by the boat i ca n't believe this has n't been done before
i 'm so impressed by brandon 's choreography especially being so new and being young .
i am trying so hard not to make a yakuza reference .
i have definitely watered them a few times since i brought them home .
i mean ive got ta be awake in 4 and a half hours
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
funny how everyone makes it like he 's some sexist banning girls to ban girls but obviously he 's in a toxic relationship and his girlfriend just wo n't let him have female fans or viewers
r/tf2 would be sneaking fish but only fish into their cells so they can form an uprising and kill all of the guards with fish in a few quick smacks or 10 .
superman a guy who is five power rangers and a dothraki walk in to a bar .
i have the chase sapphire not the chase sapphire preferred .
and we want all our children playing our 17 games .
i often ca n't help but go a little new wave '' with the colors even when it might not be the most appropriate but i think it worked out here .
everyone acting like this guy stole their first born .
damn you described me to a tee doubting everything to the point you change your routine every few weeks the main thing for me is the fear of not doing enough but i think i need to bite the bullet and do what you suggest and i think i know this deep down anyway that the volume needs to go down
it wo n't kill me to try and i like the look of your routine i agree that your free to experiment so i could tinker with my routine in terms of doing every exercise once a week while including stuff i like ie dips
that 's weird ... have you ever shared your spotify account or left music playing over night because that could skew the results
and people are still too quick to jump to conclusions before we know all the details .
and then afterwards they claim that it was because of them that it turned out well in the end .
the problem with this kind of scenario is ... .
as long as there 's lack of key communication people will start worrying and complaining early on and when it 's all fixed you 'll never know if things changed because of the complaints or if it was all planned early on .
as of now people are mad because the old units are in a unique 3x rainbow 3x gold banner and the announcement said nothing at all about any special rates or of any step-up beside the lucius lilith one .
so of course player will go to the straightforward conclusion that it will be a banner with no different rates and therefore with abysmal pull rates for each unit .
while i am more of a waiting person myself i do think making our voices heard immediately is a good thing .
because if gumi planned for this to be different and just lacked communication then nothing will change and the outrage will calm down pretty soon .
but if they planned for this to be as horrendous as it appears then the community should do its best to make them know they made a shitty move in hope that either they 'll fix this or at least not repeat the same mistake in the future .
i think adams would be better but julio even though he hasnt got tds is still putting up good numbers with yardage
it should go either over or under any of the roads that would be closed for you .
the traffic at franklin and charles might be pretty rough though since the next intersection on franklin is closed .
you might have an easier time just taking the mt royal exit parking in bolton hill and having your person come to meet you there .
if you 're coming from the south god help you .
edit actually the st paul exit might be open for people heading to penn station via mt royal .
in that case that 's obviously the way to go for you .
the fact that you 're a lawyer by itself gives you no social status .
yeah every other person in midtown manhattan is a lawyer .
however in my little town i 'm basically a village elder .
i even get asked to endorse people running for local elected office .
i 'm an ex-fan looking for a new team .
it sounds like you 're projecting your lack of confidence into the world and the only men who respond to that are men who are immature or in need of finding someone they can control men who go on to reinforce your lack of confidence like this jerkwaffle you 're dating .
it 's not that you 're meeting men who are bad for you it 's that you 've decided men who are bad for you are all you deserve .
i 'd bet you 've met some amazing men too you 've just talked yourself out of pursuing it because you think they 're superficial or that there 's something wrong with them for being attracted to you .
we have 1 in bc it 's fucking atrocious .
but thankfully our stores are still in protest mode and a bunch wo n't be closing down .
the problem is that legion represents what happens when the entire dev staff focuses on just turning out one super awesome expansion while ignoring the live game .
it 's does n't seem to be sustainable unless they alternate between really great and really boring expansions .
that 's a weird flex when you did n't get anything for your money
while not in boulder proper asher brewing company does trivia on tuesdays at 730 .
if you 've been to avery it 's right down the street from there .
it 's all organic if your into that kind of thing .
not so much deserters as survivors november was after the bombs destroyed almost everything .
i just do n't get why lyons had to go to the east coast if there was already bos members through out the country
adhd is considered a disability so you 're technically part of a protected class .
it 's worth it to let hr know so they can provide reasonable accommodations .
your reasonable accommodation can be as simple as i have a lot to get done today so i 'm going to work from home . ''
it is what it is because it is what it do
getting a ball that was used in the game is a memory and a story to tell .
it 's not like going and buying one at the store .
huh now that i see this description i can kinda picture it .
that entire area is just one of those things you pass by a million times but never pay enough attention for any part of it to stick in memory .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
book of revelation is a book of multiple meaning depending on the reader .
i 'm sorry but it is the most unthrustworthy part of the bible i know .
seriously though rain is n't an excuse unless you do n't have a vehicle or something to keep you dry ...
if you do n't have a nearby boat with a captain named gump and his first mate named dan i swear to the gods op .
have played a lot of bops4 multilayer is awesome blackout is hot garbage .
give it a month and i bet you are n't queuing for blackout anymore .
meanwhile when people want a top tier br experience they 'll play pubg .
can you at least explain what lie you 're talking about ?
well your chance having your shot inside the inner half of your aiming circle is around 64 and roughly 95 for the inner 3/4 of your aiming circle .
just 5 land in the outer 1/4 of your aiming circle .
this is the hit distribution for every tank class except artillery .
for artillery its still the old hit distribution which results in shots being evenly spread across your hole aiming circle .
send a message to the bot here 's the format .
replace europe with whatever and it should work i think
with zero power required you can pull the valve open manually and the fluid will bleed out of the cylinder lowering the basket
glad i was n't the only one that noticed bryan looking like a lost 5 year old on the field .
good thing we passed on big willy who is currently ranked the 5 guard on pff if anyone was wondering .
i wo n't add insult by telling you norwell 's ...
i said it was stupid at the time but nope majority of the sub immediately jumped on the fo 's nuts and acted like they wanted taven all along .
i mean the expanse does n't exactly paint a rosy picture of the future in any case .
earth 's government is heavily implied to have fascistic overtones the few glimpses we see of earthers not in positions of power are all in abject poverty 20 billion people on the earth sounds like a living nightmare and the belters are clearly a totally fucked society barely able to eke out an existence on scraps .
we do n't really know much about martian society or how life on mars is for the average martian but it sounds like it 's somewhere in between earth and the belt with an additional dose of extreme nationalism thrown in .
in summary the future depicted in the expanse is hardly a positive one .
il nome in italia si cambia solo in casi ultra eccezionali .
heard it through the grape vine does n't quite apply here
who are they to decide to make citizens criminals ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
show your true intention when you gon na meet her .
still likely your os android will log your gps coords .
you can remember it by it is one lot 'a lot' .
furreal can you imagine the payout if we made them play us at wms 😬
i took a dab but am i seeing the same thing you guys are right now ?
well there are always people asking over and over for info that 's been said a hundred times .
you are more than welcome to answer those types of questions in chat .
that 's actually something i could use because i can get annoyed at that stuff .
this reminds me to call my 80+year old client who lost her husband and dog 2 years ago .
she never got another dog but we still talk occasionally
i sell military grade video cameras that can zoom in and read a license plate from up to 3km away without any problem whatsoever ... .at night ... . in pitch darkness ... . in real time .
combine that with the snipy rifle and we got a winner .
i 'd respond to that post and call her out there about her practice aggressiveness and direct insult .
i 'd end the post letting her know that you 'll save your daughter the 4 hours if crack a month by not bringing her to visit .
can you elaborate on how you arrived at those dates with such precision
putting a small bit of chalk in the place where the bar rests can help .
just a completely random thought but a dream match i would really like would be usos vs the bucks
or a person so wounded that they really should not have been a parent nor forced to give birth .
greg cosell said that the patriot offense truly ran through hernandez in those years because hernandez was just more versatile than gronk and presented even more of a matchup problem .
there were plays where hernandez lined up in the backfield as a halfback .
then he could go in-line at te or split out wide and run like a wr .
mine works fine the poop is just in a hurry to get out sometimes .
this year a new law passed and kids are required at least 20 minutes of recess .
plus the christmas special where tim and dawn got together was such a perfect ending .
my girlfriend and i have a tradition of watching the entire series every christmas .
paid about 500 of a 1000 auction on freeman mckinnon and ajayi so ...
overall weight sure but those packs are pretty malleable past the little plastic covering they have .
the motors are going to be aluminum and copper more likely to actually dent something .
really crazy to see how many of us are from and in the same situation .
does this mean the bundle will be 20 usd when it 's out for na ?
meanwhile richmond has the second highest poverty rate in virginia .
osuna does n't know how to do anything except hit people
they are still on in new jersey and you can catch their show online .
why am i never surprised that the obnoxious ones are .
i weight 305 and im burning up all the time .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/comptia what is the best way to study for the a cert ?
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
most pits from a properly licensed breeder these days have been bred far out of that lineage it barely applies anymore .
pits are just built stout with a helluva jaw so when they 're not trained to behave outbursts still have dire consequence .
there 's barely any pit fighting '' factor in the equation these days .
he has the smallest dick i 've ever seen on a man once he 's soft .
definitely a grower because it 's barely more 3d than a button otherwise .
did n't another one show up within 5 minutes of him calling 911 though ?
not a police apologist by any means but i think that is a reasonable response time .
if she would n't mind you ejaculating inside her vagina ... would she have a problem if you ejaculated on her vulva ?
because i think that 's a good starting point !
as long as she wears panties to prevent a stray drop of semen entering her vagina she could start with directing your ejaculation between her thighs .
this could get her used to the feel of it and she might want to start to direct it higher on belly or her breasts who knows ?
bring it up with her she might want to compromise about it .
is this actually happening or have we just had an easier schedule early ?
whaaa i ca n't tell if you 're being serious .
i 've bought 5 ati/amd cards and 9 nvidia gpus over the past almost 20 years that i 've been buying gpus .
i 've generally been happier with my nvidia purchases and i feel like it would take a lot more than moderate price gouging for me to consider amd again .
hope you finish off barrows and get that torag helm !
if any of you guys want to see more shots here is the link
not on the japanese site where i am right now checked that already .
and i prefer the belgian layout so shipping one in from the us or elsewhere would n't help much either .
i going to take a wild guess and say that you do n't actually know what constitutes money or currency .
caps have a value independent of whatever the hub merchants say .
no one needs to assign a value to an object if that object has a use .
this is just fucking ridiculous ... an 0-2 pitch ... a 1-2 pitch ... i mean this is absurd
the gsg 5 was classified as a mp5 variant even after gsg had to redesign it to not be as close a copy after hk sued them .
farming red eye orbs was one thing i never had to worry about .
you 're talking to an akari who 's brought no fewer than three separate characters all up to brotherhood rank+2 back in her glory days when she was known as akari of filia not akari of sabbath .
not once has she suffered a shortage of red orbs blood or salt .
even if the game were still as active now as back then hours-long arena marathons would never be the same without him cuddled with me on the couch .
i think that he landed this plane smoother than some pilots are landing in the best of conditions .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
r/nocontextaggregator do you always taste your dick when horny ?
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
we are also the only exotic form of white humans !
the three arrested for assault immediately after the incident were antifa
and if you are using the generic meaning of antifacist ... why is do the right wing ball garglers insist that a dislike of fascism is a bad thing ?
wonder what kind of angle he is looking for ?
do you have any guests who do n't know anyone ?
if not i think it 's fine if you have a casual wedding .
if your wedding is otherwise formal it would be weird .
it 's fine if you decide to have open seating but do n't make the decision because of fear !
i 've been married for 7 years but all of my hangups and habits that i formed to keep from having sex or masturbating as a kid have come back to haunt me as a result i have a terrible sex life with my wife that has been horribly difficult to work through and has nearly killed our marriage .
you 're very right i drafted this post just kind of haphazardly and out of fear and anxiety .
i am working right now on nailing down my actual monthly expenses including food/needless expenditures etc .
i started yesterday to write down every cent i spent and on what .
want to do that for a week or two to try and get an idea then maybe i can post an update in the future to get more specific advice .
i will say that i am spending probably closer to the 200 range on food not 500 .
i am trying to look for a better paying job than starbucks but it 's difficult .
a lot of law firms near me have n't been receptive but i 'll keep looking .
starbucks was the first thing that offered me a position and i needed some money so i accepted .
i am in a top 100 law school and on law review .
and you 're totally right about the barbri class .
part of the debt on my amazon card was caused by having to put the deposit down for that and the remainder will become due in i think march or april of next year .
i definitely need to work on living as a broke broke college student .
i realize that and i 'm going to do my best to change my habits going forward .
i think i need some advice/help on the best way to manage my current debts and how to survive through passing the bar and getting a good job lined up though .
this answer always gets downvoted but it is by far the best advice .
how many times do you have to read these stories before you figure out that the risk of offering a split is too high ?
everyone thinks they understand it and yet time after time we see dq 's .
after reviewing it again it 's actually 12,000 not 9,000 .
yeah true i only knew one jewish guy in school .
its already a regular feature check the regular season vods
do you have any idea what you 're doing to us
the vast majority of the south eastern us '' does not get corsola or heracross .
you 're mad at florida not the south east .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts .
please read the link on proper way to post .
the currently approved domains are imgur.com gfycat.com .media.tumblr.com images.sex.com img.pornhub.com i.redd.it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rearpussy if you have any questions or concerns .
buy they should dissapear by themselves when they spoil this is just a faulty mechanic .
everybody uses it even our elections are being decided by fake news spread through it .
saying things like cycling ... is very dangerous '' is meaningless if there is no context given .
it 's like saying that water is dangerous because it can kill you and everyone that 's ever drank water has died .
i bought a ps4 pro about a month ago to replace my ageing ps4 .
i told my wife a bunch of stuff but the truth is that i wanted it for rdr2 .
well at least you do n't all smell like fish now .
seriously i ate 1500 yesterday cuz i was just so hungry from my run .
i think that may have just been an issue with youtube at the time lmk if it still does n't work
during high school on an australian exchange trip we had this girl in our year who asked the exchange students whether they shared the same moon as us .
i 'll give her some credit we were quite young and it was her first time abroad .
my friend 's brother and his mates decided it 'd be a fun idea to play with gasoline .
after drenching themselves in it one of them decided to light a cigarette .
given the symbol of silver ag greek and latin similar root words meaning shiny .
platinum is a bit more complicated because it is from spanish for little silver .
but platinum 's properties make it a noble metal .
did you actually watch the 100t and tsm series ?
cody got shat on rikara as the adc was the only game 100t actually won lmao
well i never saw cable issues with hp because we only serviced their printers for warranty stuff hehe but that said we did see a some lenovos that needed stuff like power board repair .
still it was at much lower rates than apple issues even if you include those kinds of repairs it was a small fraction compared to apple cable problems .
the design of apple 's cables is terrible and it always has been probably always will be .
is it because they make lots of money selling cables ?
apple does dumb shit like that with all kinds of stuff even screws seriously there are macbooks that have screws with no purpose they 're just there because somebody decided it would look better with a screw there it does n't and it 's really stupid .
eh i think they were there in ‘08 so she aint that impressive with the big heart lol
i mean from the way i interpreted it all the darkin who fought the void were mentally warped in some way .
the ones trapped in weapons thanks to that trick zoe pulled even moreso .
i only rate rhaast over aatrox because rhaast actually found a strong vessel capable of withstanding his strength whereas aatrox is hopping from one rotting body to the next .
but top lpl already owns excellent ad players.you can see how powerful jkl and iboy are
i 'm seeing here is a greatest hits tape of my inconsistent income '' .
and probably spent 1,200 up front on the product sold .
used to live in glen cove and there were some huge ones in the basement .
fps for cs go is ok considering you have slow memory and play on a rather high resolution .
you can expect a solid 7-10 fps increase by ocing your memory in that particular game ca n't talk about the others as i do n't play them .
however i would n't consider getting new memory just now .
a 2600 or maybe even a 2600x is cheaper if not on par with 2x8gb 3200mhz cl16 memory and the fps increase would be higher from a cpu upgrade assuming the 2600 allows a 4.1-4.2 oc or it is the 2600x
i fell asleep about a 3/4 of the way through only to wake up during the new tardis reveal .
an overzealous conditioning workout last night gassed me so much that i 'm inserting an unplanned recovery day tomorrow .
hat cuz fuck yeah boot cuz why the fuck not and battleship because it 's the coolest alternative .
i always try to give others the thimble upside down and claim it 's a trashcan cuz that 's the piece they fit best
there are 3 of us you get a third . ''
i 'd love to have the plans if you do n't mind sharing !
we also let the bills play at our place when buffalo was buried under a blizzard so there 's a great deal of respect there as well .
edit huh i did n't know that he was from detroit !
insofar as i got which is more than 2/3 in they were really shallow eg the tough guy with some edgy past the girl that uses sex as a weapon the nerdy one the mature one because he made mistakes etc .
maybe that changes later but that does n't change the fact that i was bored and could n't be asked to continue .
and i mean western '' as in the latter part .
i read a good book long ago called the nine nations of north america .
details might be dated but an overview of these regions might be helpful .
the regions extend into canada hence north america in the title .
there is a chapter on quebec which you could skip if you were only interested in the us context .
yes cuz they look like kids so of course you need to censor them
go to the above mentioned website if you 're looking to get latest photo booth eastbourne information .
you can also get helpful information on wedding hire east sussex on this site .
for example you need serious suspension of disbelief to buy into the light saber fights as they do n't compare at all to the modern choreography .
not to mention the cgi or lack there of .
4-6 on vhs and after watching them again recently the important parts really do n't hold up well to the newer films .
what does this even have to do with abortion you were the one that started calling everyone in developing countries poor
we 'll have one hell of a game plan next week vs georgia .
plus you can truly appreciate company when you 're ok/good being alone imo .
there is no reason to believe the individual tax cuts are the driving factor in the growth of individual tax revenues .
tl dr total revenues increased at higher rates before the cuts than they have since the cuts .
https fred.stlouisfed.org/series/w006rc1a027nbea this despite higher than average gdp growth .
i 'd love to know the context of these images though !
so all those new cards are mostly rubbish ... good to know xd
i also played it on my ps/1 model 2011 alongside silpheed which is made by the same people .
tumhare yhan aise career set hota h kya .i was talking about getting placed bro .
what advice could you give people trying to start learning soldering and programming themselves ?
i 'm impressed you were self taught i 'm super jealous .
i get where you 're coming from at the time though anyone who ruled over a group of people was recognised as their leader and as part of a dynasty was pretty much a king if they wanted to use the title .
but i guess it depends how the word ‘king ' is meant it 's just an english translation after all
it 's about being terrified of the initial social interaction .
it 'll give you examples of how to beat your opponents and spot their mistakes at your rank .
watching a youtube video will make you feel like you learned alot but in reality you learned one thing that wo n't be useful in climbing at all til you reach a higher rank which you wo n't reach because you did n't learn the things to beat the rank you 're at .
damage of abilities effective ranges specific details are all things that wo n't help you rank up until you 're already at the very least masters .
it 's more important to learn where you position yourself wrong and where you can exploiting your enemies mistakes which you do n't learn from youtube .
i tried twice to play with about a 4 second delay where before i was connecting to europe and i had maybe 120 ms ping .
now it literally takes 3 4 seconds to open a single door .
i play from the middle-east and on before when i was on europe it was 100 fine .
has n't been an update in two weeks i think .
for those who monitor the availability of short shares throughout the day here are the links
my salah and mane both play lw in game and keita plays as rw
that sounds awesome but i 'm not sure my mrs would like driving so much i 'll have to ask !
the longer you stay active in the match the more rp you get .
kills were n't and are still not the way of making rp .
would it work just to look up an average gpa calculator ?
but i think it 's a good idea this is n't the place where microsoft will listen though .
i could kind of see the rock doing it .
i actually uninstalled and reinstalled my chrome because i thought it got virus .
added you and op please add me back 😁 fornorende 1693-5382-4365
rosewood most likely it produces the best sound for minimum price seeing as how they can go up to probably 100,000 easy
i would recommend use meraki layer 3 switch to do dhcp not only because it is faster also later on if you do want to replace mx with a different cisco traditional or different brand firewall/router it will be very less complicated .
i use windows server as dhcp server for production use and meraki dhcp for the guest vlan
do you think the google internship when you were a sophomore was a game changer in terms of your opportunities down the line ?
was several years ago a fellow mp was bored and wanted to practice quick draws with his m9 beretta
the voyage of despair intro cut scene is the 4 main characters at the temple of delphi .
oracle of delphi would inhale vapors to allow apollo to speak through her .
she would give prophesy to those who traveled to the temple .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3alakecharles 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3alakecharles 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
be sure to check the comments in all previous posts for any warning signs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure your request does n't violate the rules or you 'll be banned without warning .
mark your request as solved by changing the flair or by writing solved '' in the comments .
do n't abandon your post without thanking who helped you .
if there are hidden comments on your thread it 's because they have been removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
i was on ix with randoms on round 24 i crafted the wonder weapon everything was going good but then ...
it 's probably a lot of work especially for tyler since he 's never done anything like this before .
i learned early when brewing after i saw some horror scenes in closets .
i really do appreciate that the creators listened to feedback from last season and made some notable changes such as showing iris doing journalism and other things as well as being an asset to the team .
the villain seems to be interesting and is mysterious .
i am a lot more excited about this villain that last .
he gives me marvel 's rise of the imperfects vibe .
i 'm glad joe is giving some good life advice again .
what bothers me still is the consistency of powers .
i know it is the flash and he is basically a god but there are creative ways on making things feel more consistent .
like why do barry and nora stand around and let block girl even get them ?
aldo would n't nora have time to both handcuff block girl and catch barry at the same time while also getting a coffee in between ?
i also hope they do more interesting things with cisco 's character .
hin getting over gyosie makes for some character development but i would hope we would see what are his goals and motivations moving forward .
i am kind of glad the team is bigger though and ralph 's power is useful .
caitlin/killer frost is mostly why i watch this show still .
oh i thought you would know thats not mine because my english is bad '' .
black people are humans so im pretty sure they can commit crime .
50 of crime is by blacks and the other by white .
no being good in my campaigns is a lot more work saving towns when you could be looting not taking up the main villain 's idea of being bribed to leave etc .
if you think hitler and hitler alone is the sole reason for ww2 you have a shallow depth of knowledge on this subject .
you say you have knowledge on this but have displayed none .
first of all i never brought boomers into it .
i happen to be a boomer and there are plenty of people who are not boomers who do n't want stuff changed around them .
i do n't expect anything different of people and it was barely if at all a criticism of people as opposed to humanity as a whole including myself .
i do expect the administration to take the whole city into account .
you and i do n't have to agree on the character of broadway and what needs preserving we just have to live with the middle ground like everyone else .
this is n't nearly as true as reddit seems to think it is .
but it appears there are multiple editions available on amazon including side-by-side comparisons with the kjv .
and idk dc is close but he does that whole flailing arm thing
or every time she starts up in person or over the phone be in the background yelling is she asking about her diseased nethers again ? '
good lord i know i 'm a dainty fucking flower but i 'm more discrete while discussing my vagina with my actual doctor .
my man also said celts should start baynes instead of jaylen brown .
now start planning/clearing/prepping the irrigation and wait till about mid-end february when the nurseries start putting out bare-root fruit trees .
i think it 'll also be interesting to see how many summons we end up getting .
i 'm not expecting feh-level number of summons which are balanced around their own greater number of characters and higher rates but a 10-pull ticket per event/new banner current rates of wyrmite rewards and other free pulls from single tickets or the cheap diamantium summons will definitely add up over time .
and of course conversely the chance of getting non-rate up 5 adventurers is equal .
on another note it would be cool to compile a list of games that benefit from metal2 .
i 'm always skeptical about upgrading my os x high sierra now but i would if there would be a significant advantage .
and i think the issue is mostly with the shitty ports because sometimes i can play really graphics intensive stuff with no issues but way simpler games wo n't run properly or run on like 10fps
i 'm sooo glad that your brother was there to stop you .
my sister and i were naive when we were around 10 and ask for a ride home from our school which was right down the street where we lived but thankfully we ended up at home and safe .
i guess a lot of us get too comfortable where we live and trust anyone thinking nothing bad will ever happen when it could and happen anywhere at anytime .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
building a strong sense of theory will help you make better melodies and allow you to put stuff you already have thought of down faster without sounding it out
although the site teaches it through staffs it easily transfers over to midi if you want to use a daw .
even if you are n't going to start a career it is definitely worth looking into .
well thats one way to come out of the closet !
i think it 's pretty common for college students especially to put them on their laptops and water bottles i 'm sure lots of other d/deaf hoh and asl students would be interested too .
the speed of br reanimator is very legacy but the type of gameplay it creates is archetypical of modern is n't it ?
or at least the modern that people always criticize .
i know i 'm not alone when i say i come to legacy to escape all the uninteractive nonsense of modern for the most part .
so with that said it would need be best to go isu cult family reunion in that order ?
in other words it expects blood to pull toward your feet and your anatomy is made to push blood up to your head .
when you are upside down all those conventions are reversed .
you do n't normally have that much blood pressure in your head so your vessels are n't designed to handle it .
that change in pressure affects your brain causing that sensation you experience .
as an aside as you get older those mechanisms for adjusting blood pressure can start to fail .
that 's why older people often get light headed when they stand up quickly as their vessels do n't adjust as well anymore to changes in pressure and their ability to maintain a high enough pressure in the brain upon standing is decreased .
less blood to the brain lightheaded sometimes even fainting .
as a huge morrowind fan i did find oblivion lacking in some ways particularly in the ways that it holds your hand a bit through the quests still loved the game .
however i thought new vegas was a really fun take on the fallout universe and ultimately i enjoy it more than 3 .
assuming you know everything and have everything together is going down a dangerous path .
you are closer to the smartest person in your field than that person is to knowing everything .
just keep an open mind and keep seeing things from different perspectives .
well..this puts a kibosh in any sort of pristin comeback this year .
we entering f x hiatus territory boys and girls .
if your book has a good story and compelling characters then i will read it .
i 'm like a child who wanders into a movie theatre ...
truly a phenomenal actor he is one of the all time greats https youtu.be/orzok0yuvfs
i have n't used tagsoup before so i 'm not really familiar with it at all .
i 'm not the one who needs to mourn perhaps you do ?
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
not destroying something is not the same thing as supporting something .
how would you configure multiple vrfs on a single l3 interface while also retaining isolation ?
i 'm not seeing how this could be done without using 802.1q .
i 'm going to be so pissed if i have to go to work tomorrow on 5 hours of sleep and the brewers lose
get the 7 3 and 1 4 price tags and sweep right
what other reps are worth getting up this way ?
disagree because i disagree with violence and killing in general .
does n't matter if they 've gotten due process .
but it happens and obama was less murderous than most world leaders so he still has my support overall .
it 's because they 're all hidden from all the down votes .
hi thank you for sharing your though about fedora .
i can learn from you i 'm not an english native speaker .
my latest encounter with fedora is rawhide version last month and i really really like it .
i like how gnome 3.30 works very well as you said vanilla '' on it .
do accouting with where your at your not getting anywhere near that salary you think you will .
you dont have a passion for it and dont have a portfolio .
no ones gon na give you that 80k plus job to someone that slogged there way through .
with accoutning you have a much more clear path to a high slary .
i like being able to use it for last hitting if they increased the damage on it to like 80-90 on level 1 it would make for a fun laning ability .
this post was removed because you have a new account and we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated please send a message to the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
among the many criticisms of bfa this is the one that bums me out the most .
this sweet-looking armor https i.imgur.com/x6wcfmj.png has limited availability and is definitely worth chasing after since it can only be obtained this pvp season .
the yellow tint https i.imgur.com/3moywwl.png is the one you get from warfronts and in my opinion it does n't look as good as the white one .
give me something unique interesting and worth-while to work towards .
did i tell you they are cross-class and cross-faction ?
meaning if you unlock the elite rogue transmog on your alliance rogue your horde druid will also have access to their set .
nah you can work with kids for a better outcome without violence .
problem is most reproducers are dumb as fuck so they smack their problems with a belt til it turns 18
compared to other menu themes which have tried to be simpler and chiller i can really tell they 're going for awe on this one .
i love it but i hope it does n't end up sounding too in-your-face after a long time .
any reason why the state should not sell land to people who wish to buy it ?
i got barbosa who i already had bought a diamond box and got barbosa again !
i was so pissed i did n't play for a couple days that showed them 😂
as many genuine predictions they have had just an open ended canada will legalize '' is reaching a lot .
it 's been over a decade since we have had serious enforcement against users in most cities here .
like i said typically it 's more complicated than that and some advanced cracking systems can pick that up .
sounds coming through the top are 20 due to construction issues and 80 due to heavy foot steps and inconsideration .
also landlords need such heavy steppers to drive demand for the higher floors in walk-ups villas .
i am referring to the monetary value of the data.not the value it takes to transmit the data almost zero
hi your post has been removed as it violates rule 2 .
they are allowed but they must be in a text post and related to discussion .
i encourage you to resubmit as a text post with the image inside and your thought provoking explanation alongside it ! ! !
😊 this way your explanation wo n't be buried in the comments and it 'll be more easily viewable which encourages discussion !
i ca n't turn my back on the podcast i 've been listening to for 5 1/2 years ! ! !
honestly as a fellow gay im starting to realize the way we date asking upfront if you 're a top or bottom isnt the dichotomy that precludes our potential to date one another .
it 's whether sex is the core drive and validation for yourself or not and whether it 's possible to find that in sex with one person monogamously .
we live in an awkward place outside of gender norms religious institutions defining our relationships and independent of biological expectations as to the meaning of sex .
it sounds to me you two chose to get married a summation of all those things but never truly took the time to understand yourselves or what you need in your sex lives unique to those things as gay men .
few gay men do this work i dont mean to blame you and this is definitely more applicable to your husband than you .
marriage implies monogamy as set by straight people yet gay men are not socialized to respect one another like how straight men are taught to respect women although many still dont of course ugh .
i think a lot of gay men grow adroit at simply not reconciling two opposing pulls in life .
especially still closeted ones like it sounds your husband is at work .
or loving you but also shitting all over your marriage and the promises and investments you made together is another example .
he sounds to me like someone too comfortable ignoring this work of reconciliation and refuses to find the strength of character to sort out these opposing issues and make decisions on them .
i think you should leave based on what i read .
it may help to have a discussion about marriage what your expectations are and set extremely strict boundaries with clear consequences .
protect your assets and get your job back in the meantime .
but honestly i think your older husband is far far from mature and strong enough for the life you two built together .
i want to recommend you not sacrifice anymore of your beautiful life waiting for him
he wont change fast enough at this point i promise you .
a guy jerking off at me in broad daylight near my home .
i also think horny teenagers getting clapped at is hilarious but unfortunately you ca n't know if there 's bad intent.
i never thought anything worked for me other than dollar tree lip protectant or the laneige lip mask .
can someone give me the math for a catch probability ?
whenever i see someone on here mention real problems i instantly imagine they look like this https vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/bojackhorseman/images/f/f1/vincent.png/revision/latest ? cb=20150719055028
exactly so it could go both ways so what makes op think that team liquid group was free and easiest ?
all im saying is that it could be said that group c was tougher than people expected before group stage .
how do you get a free shield blast from power boxes ?
trying to get pap blundergat and retriever by round 5 needs to be point-perfect .
bro i was just thinking that bustas shoulders are massive .
if this ever got dropped by accident on a sidewalk and i found it it 'd take weeks to realize the sword was removable .
once i did i 'd legit be convinced i was entangled in some indiana jones shit
fluker 's tenacity and grit seems to be contagious .
you ca n't look at the outcome of the group and base your analysis on that and pretend your reasoning was a priori .
i mean it was a really good catch but let 's chill
i remember a yeahbrodude and this reminded me of that ... lol
i 'm of similar ancestry although proportionately more roma than jewish and i was n't raised remotely jewish and like a lot of the same names anouk anaïs irina annika ines elise .
but emerald was featured in the trailer and she 's bestest girl .
considering they lost that game anyway and winning this game would be massive no its not .
you need a financial company to do all financial and legal paperwork to file your status as a public company find a good target ipo price and connect to players in purchasing game .
since your company is n't in the business of doing that you need to find someone that is ... .like a bank .
that process takes something like 20 years i would n't worry .
is n't that 8 from the one 's that went to court ?
i assume many other people were accused both wrongfully and rightfully and never went to court so they wouldnt appear here .
i mean i 'm not going to say it 's not a problem .
even one innocent person put in prison wrongfully is a problem .
but it 's a separate conversation not a rebuttal to the metoo movement .
false accusations are currently a crime punishable with prison time .
i do n't think there 's anything to be reformed or discussed.with rape there 's a lot of reform that can be done .
validating women who have been raped outside the classic dark alley scenario validating men who have been raped educating people on how to give and receive consent educating people on who is able to give consent power scenarios .
the only point i wanted to make is there are a substantial amount 2-10 or 8 of false accusations people should n't jump to conclusions .
that 's it really just do n't assume one person is automatically telling the truth believe in innocent until proven gilty thats it .
the drop shadow is still too shallow same problem is still there .
the image you linked is for a stitched jersey btw .
yep i transitioned to fix my brains problem not to pass for cis peeps .
as an american that was information i had not known about and now i do .
i added the smiley face for the sole purpose of trying not to be condescending lol .
all the people that cared about pvp are over at osrs now .
should you dare even remotely post something pvp related in this subreddit without criticizing it people will get on your shit .
seriously abandon all hope for pvp related post here lest you anger the care bears .
than you for linking i need to reread this every so often
lol but at least we have have peak battle for him in other cases that would be a painful wait d
his most iconic sound line so far is his hoa dooooooooooooy '' from that one execution where he stomps on the other guys head .
i 'm saddened by people not knowing what this execution is referencing .
you realize that you are alive today cause you were in your fathers nuts right ?
you probably listen to mumble rap constantly talk about how great drugs are got a bad rep in your city might have a child u dont claim .
i bet your granddad can kick your ass boy .
the firefly had a unique ball-shaped muzzle brake on its 17lber and the muzzle brake on the tank is the illustration is clearly not it .
that could also have ended with ... 'there 's a good chance of finding her ... '
what did you do ... what the fuck did you do
yes because the fuckwads gerrymandering so they get 1/2 the seats at 1/3 the votes means so much for how the country feels .
even now the idiots are backing away from campaigning on trumps tax cuts .
only if you lost by less than 2 points .
the church builds a culture that has no concept of or respect for boundaries .
i 'm sorry they came into your personal space without a thought .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9ovnbj/serious_i_have_a_question_for_you_all_would_you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i just used acetone and paper towels with the dash out of the car .
the dash will start to look white or light grey but that just means you have n't removed all the coating yet .
after i just used 303 aerospace protectant for uv protection .
the backup camera i just got a cheap one on ebay that fits in the license plate light .
thanks for your submission but it has been removed for the following reason
your post has been removed because it 's not entirely right for r/outoftheloop .
a better subreddit for this post might be r/ask_politics or r/politicaldiscussion .
if you feel this was in error or need more clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foutoftheloop message 3cplease+include+a+link+to+your+post 3e .
i have no memory of seeing an alien and no memory of ever being taken onboard a ship .
i did have some missing time '' episodes though so it 's possible they took me and then erased the memory .
not sure if it 's the grays but that would seem logical .
from abductee reports the grays appear to do most of the work during abductions .
anyway from my experience it 's clear they can exert mental influence over human beings from a long distance away .
there 's an app called zedge i 'm pretty sure you can set is as a notification sound if you search for it through the app .
just type batman arkham asylum '' in the search and press notifications .
alright kids natsuki needs your help to get that victory royal .
put your credit card information in the comments below !
this may be super excessive but i also put warmed up hot hands hand warmers under one side of the lil travel tank so she stays warm since my car is pretty cold now .
this makes me think it was the right call .
looks like he 's a decent amount away from the wall and the fan is reaching over .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required region tags alongside your platform/post tag .
you must include one of the following tags na au uk asia oce sa or eu .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleaguefriends if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry but i 'm afraid that i 'm gon na have to remove your post .
fortnite memes are not allowed on the subreddit due to being stale and oversaturated .
please only post content related to mini ladd and his videos .
you can have messenger on pc ios and android and they are all linked .
i would work hard to try and get more access to the school vans .
you said they are often reserved by other clubs .
what is the process for reserving ? is the any way you can change practice time to coincide with their availability ?
i ca n't imagine they get a lot i6f use before 6am .
and the people who downvote me have small pp 's dont forget that
1 you 're postprocessing with some other software so sonarr ca n't do the postprocessing loses track of it and so grabs it again .
2 your download program is not talking to sonarr so sonarr loses track of it and so grabs it again .
3 this is working as intended and it 's grabbing better and better qualities and/or propers until the cutoff is met .
you do n't really give us a lot of information or examples so we 're just throwing darts for you .
like how many modern games still do n't even have the ability to remap console controls but they 're going to bother programming customizable kb m ... ?
i was under the impression that the pariah had to be alive to be used in such a manner .
lexicanum says their brains somehow push away the warp but i did n't think they 'd continue to do so while dead .
well there was this one time ... and it was n't a threat they essentially firebombed black people https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tulsa_race_riot
the attack carried out on the ground and by air destroyed more than 35 blocks of the district at the time the wealthiest black community in the u.s .
more than 800 people were admitted to hospitals and more than 6,000 black residents were arrested and detained many for several days .
12 the oklahoma bureau of vital statistics officially recorded 36 dead but the american red cross declined to provide an estimate .
that was 100 years ago and does n't appear to be part of current domestic policy .
he should move to canada if he wants weed that much .
is there any chance your pup could have injured himself at any point before his collapse ?
a few weeks ago my doggo collided with another doggo while playing fetch there were no injuries on either dog mines a small pittie type with a big thick head and the other is a collie/dalmatian and they carried on playing for the next 20 minutes like nothing happened .
then my dog suddenly staggered lost control of first his back end then his whole body and collapsed unable to even lift his head .
i was petrified called my other half to come and whisk us to the emergency vet they did lots of tests and settled on a diagnosis of concussion probably exacerbated by over heating .
after 20 minutes he seemed fine too maybe a bit shaky .
i was just wondering if your pup was off lead before the incident and could he possibly have banged his head ?
i hope it never happens to you again and everything is great
when i first saw this article from newyorker.com its title was
in the wake of khashoggi 's disappearance saudi arabia 's crown prince is pushed to the brink
cnn.com pompeo meets saudi king as khashoggi family calls for inquiry into 'death ' https www.cnn.com/2018/10/16/middleeast/khashoggi-saudi-pompeo-intl/index.html
nytimes.com suspects in khashoggi case had ties to saudi crown prince https www.nytimes.com/2018/10/16/world/middleeast/khashoggi-saudi-prince.html
realclearpolitics.com a brooding crown prince searches for a scapegoat realclearpolitics https www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2018/10/17/a_brooding_crown_prince_searches_for_a_scapegoat_138371.html
uk.reuters.com trump reluctant to abandon riyadh over missing journalist wants ... https uk.reuters.com/article/uk-saudi-politics-dissident/pompeo-says-saudis-committed-to-complete-probe-into-journalists-disappearance-idukkcn1mr0hj
latimes.com suspects in disappearance of khashoggi linked to saudi security services los angeles times http www.latimes.com/world/la-fg-jamal-khashoggi-suspects-20181016-story.html
nbcsandiego.com police search saudi consul 's home in khashoggi disappearance https www.nbcsandiego.com/news/national-international/mike-pompeo-turkey-saudi-arabia-missing-writer-jamal-khashoggi-497762811.html
huffingtonpost.com trump criticizes rush to condemn saudi arabia over khashoggi https www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-khashoggi-guilty-until-proven-innocent_us_5bc660f8e4b0d38b5872b069
i am a bot trying to encourage a balanced news diet .
these are all of the articles i think are about this story .
sort articles based on any opinions or perceived biases and neither i nor my
creator advocate for or against any of these sources or articles .
ok so the advil cold and sinus i 've been taking for this sinus infection is a problem ?
as an additional complication i 've recently last week posted my own first fic in the fandom and any feedback i give now will look like i 'm fishing for readers .
a little schizophrenic '' if you pass me the term but i usually have two accounts one for writing and one for giving feedbacks and stuff like bookmarking .
i prefer to keep the two personae separated as not to impact any of them either positively or negatively .
i assume they meant the words apothisexual '' and erotophobia '' they are n't commonly-known .
i had to google the former even though it describes me .
now look im not sure how serious it is with your friend but i just wan na share some stuff .
i dealt with depression for a while battled it still battle it .
my head fills up with thoughts that i cant comprehend and at times even though i know are unreasonable still hurt me .
just the other day i actually after feeling slightly off all day i finally crawled into bed and suddenly i felt the need to bury my face into my girlfriends chest i dont mean sexually obv but just clarifying and when she asked me what was wrong all i was able to do was get her name out before i just broke down .
it was a weird combination of whats happening to me right now ?
my girlfriend knows about this so it didnt like scare her or blow her away or w.e ... she consoled me through it .
the first is to explain to you that these feelings these thoughts can be absolutely irrational .
they dont need to make sense to the person they are effecting to effect them .
and many times the stupid cliche of you just dont understand '' is a real thought people like me have .
because im not saying this next statement is true im just stating what goes through my head your happy .
you dont have this dark shadow looming over you every god damn second of your life daring you to crack a smile so it can smack it off your face .
you dont know what its like because your not me '' .
and as morbid as it may sound the thought of if this is my life if these thoughts are just going to come out of no where and overwhelm me at random points in time then why do i want to be alive and spend my life living in constant fear of being happy ?
whats the point of living if every second of it is in constant fear of doing anything beyond getting out of bed . ''
the second reason im telling you this is because i want to stress that not only are you not responsible for the way your friend might feel .
but you are also not equipped to handle something as crazy as that .
this isnt a shot at you in any way because why the hell would you be ?
you need the right training the right degree and the whole 9 yards .
from the sound of it you have been doing your best to be supportive and your just getting your frustration out here which i honestly commend you for because i know how annoying it can be when you just wan na shake someone and say stop acting that way !
as im sure ive been on the recieving end and ive def been on the giving end of that emotion .
but at some point your gon na have to tell your friend their going to need professional help because you obv cant help them the way you need and its out of your concern that they get the help they need that your doing that .
otherwise everyone has their limit and even coming from someone like me theres no reason that you need to drag yourself down and stress yourself out after trying to help so many times .
in fact thats the exact reason many of us '' dont want to talk about it at all .
we feel like we are doing nothing but dragging you down with us with our absolutely pointless bullshit .
so my advice to you is make sure that its not a situation where its gotten so bad that someone who normally hides his sadness has it spilling over .
if someone who rarely comes forward with their problems is suddenly very open about it especially to one person its usually a last ditch effort desperate cry for help .
however you know this person infinitely better than i do .
and if this is just like him/her and this is normal behavior and it may not even be as bad as im describing it then at some point you got ta tell them look im trying to help you your completely ignoring me you got ta go talk to someone . ''
edit after typing this i checked your post history curious if there was any more info on that person and i just wan na say its really nice of you to still try and help them even though you have a lot on your own plate too .
fnm sounds like such a great way to spend time but at the same time i hear so many horror stories about experience with other magic players .
i do n't want to risk my time like that if i can just play at a different time of the week with my friends at home ...
so you 're telling me when a tracer is shooting you you just spam melee to try and get more blinks out ?
you have never shot a tracer as hog ... . cmon now
so vecino injured probably not going to play and will be rested for cl ?
this is something that should n't really be discussed on a subreddit for a game that is trying to grasp for more players .
the ivy and bean series are great fun to read together .
do n't schedule house upgrades or they break plot resetting for the next day when the upgrade is completed and someone claims their plot .
not sure about room upgrades but my external concrete wall definitely tripped me up .
well it seems people that have spent a lot of time with blizzard usually voice their criticisms in such way .
it 's quite a big selection bias in my opinion .
people tend to remember the negative experiences more than they remember all the good ones .
you also seem to be more oldschool player with diablo 2 and original starcraft so i can understand when you 're not happy with the current gen blizzard it feels different to what you expect from them and that can feel bad .
i 've been a part of many gaming communities housed under different games and different companies but spending enough time with a dedicated playerbase everyone has exactly the same negative outlook at them .
i have played runescape for the better part of my life and it 's owned by jagex .
the community absolutely hates the company hates the game quality and complains non-stop with flare-up complaints when the company drops the ball extra hard .
i 've played league of legends for a long while aswell and i do n't have a shortage of times when community blamed riot for every problem under the sun how long it took them to fix the client make replay mode sandbox etc .
again time and time again community lashes out at the developer for being terrible .
i 've played source games l4d2 tf2 and now cs go for a good while aswell .
cs go community absolutely shits on valve all the time about how they make no content make poor decisions try to kill the game etc especially with the rampant lootbox focus .
i play ea games aswell more specifically dice games and more specifically battlefield games .
again community constantly shits on them and they have their own catalog of failures .
i play cod games aswell same thing community hates the dev dev fucks up .
every company makes mistakes and the longer they work the more mistakes they collect under their belt longer you are part of the community in that specific game more negative outlook you get about the company .
every especially online gaming community constantly shit on their devs as if they 're the worst people ever to walk the world .
compared to industry game quality of what blizzard has pushed out during their long run is high up on the totem pole and even if it seems bad i do n't see better '' anywhere else .
my girlfriend can handle the rent by herself until i become profitable .
i feel that having the english title over the jap one wpuld have been better but thats justvmy opinion
i tried amazon.in and i 'm getting the same as you .
perhaps camel camel camel does n't work with your amazon
i was surprised by the results it blew me away with how slick and luxurious the lather felt .
i think you 're right in considering it to be elite i think i need some more stabs at it and some comparison to other bases but that first shave was great .
if he thought australian football media is unfair and cruel then he has n't seen anything yet with greece
i did see it but i dont know what it means
if you qualify there could be considerable back pay involved but that takes time .
so in the meantime check to see if you qualify for any other schooling options besides the gi bill .
call 1 800-827-1000 and let them look you up and tell you what you qualify for it 's as easy as that to find out .
va will help pay for a place while you are in school and you can be done with a degree in 12-15 months and then it will be so much easier to repost this and find a quailty job !
and if you are a veteran why doesnt your wife have champva health insurance ?
it is amazing insurance and if shes not getting/using get that in order asap .
tell them your situation and have them tell you exactly what you qualify for and what resources you can apply for for aide and for benefits !
maybe it 's because of the ridiculously specific videos these days .
hot blond busty 20 something college girl with large nipples gets boston pancaked by friends economics professor in order to get friends grades changed from c to b ''
at the same time remember that as long as both peter parker and spider-man exist you never get to have that whole person .
someone who is dating peter parker has to accept that no matter how important they are to him they 're not as important as any random crime that is going on near him .
this can be an endearing quality he takes his responsibility to act seriously but it can also be a huge downer .
he literally regularly runs out of anniversary dinners birthdays weddings funerals and all sorts of other very important social events because someone is getting mugged .
does it also grate on someone in a committed relationship that no matter what his need not desire not want but need to stop crime and save as many lives as possible is always going to come first ?
on the other hand if you are superhero dating spider-man you also have to contend with the fact that peter parker 's real life is always going to be tethering him .
the same responsibility that makes him run out of funerals to stop a mugging also keeps him from meaningfully joining a team long term i know he has done this in the comics or spending time together because not only is he always going to be running off to stop those crimes but when he 's not he 's going to be trying to patch up everything in peter parkers world to make good of it .
someone who knows peter parker is spider-man sees both and they may understand it but there is always the fact that no matter what you 're at best going to be second or third priority in his life .
you 'll always come after crime and after trying to patch up problems caused by running off to stop crime .
mj is regularly shown to be ok with peter 's adherence to spider-man 's responsibility .
it 's why we have so many iconic panels of her looking good telling him to go get 'em tiger ! ''
however over time the burden of being second grates on her and wears her down as it would on anyone and that is where you get the mj calling to peter to maybe slow down on the spider-man side .
he 's not god he 's not going to stop every crime so he should take some time for himself and for her and make that a priority now and then .
it 's one of the things that makes him compelling .
on the other side felicia thinks he 'd be happier if he just cut those ties to the peter parker part and lived as his true self powered bold brave courageous .
not burdened by having to hide who he is and thus also shoulder the burden of seeming irresponsible to all his friends .
not burdened by having to sell photos to jameson .
hell she could provide for both of them robbing exclusively from criminals while he did his spider-man deal and then just lived with her .
ultimately though it boils down to two women just wanting to be the priority even if they accept the other part of him and pulling on the parts of peter they like best .
when i saw gwent 's reward progression rework i realized how hearthstone is wasting its own potential .
the only thing they do is printing more and more card nothing is related to warcraft anymore .
grinding with your favorite class to level 60 gives you a golden portrait such a sense of pride and accomplishment .
i used to love the game i even preordered few expansions but then i realized with 50e you have close to nothing it is disheartening .
the vagueness doctrine does n't say anything ... . because it 's a legal fiction .
scotus like all branches are only empowered to do what the constitution gives them power to do .
and there 's simply no power granted them in article iii or any other part of the constitution to rule something void for vagueness .
additionally any law can be considered vague and citizens typically have no clue whether they are breaking the law .
all a citizen can do is live his life in a way he believes is right .
if you do that and present your case to a jury you will be judged accordingly .
do you or anyone else want people among us who only do n't do illegal things because they read something saying it was illegal ?
in combination with that part of due process is case law .
they shall continue to interpret until the law has been completely figured out which judging that we still regularly have 1st and 2nd amendment cases ... may take a while ... . just the fact that the case made it to the supreme court says that the lower courts could n't figure it out except of course when scotus has original jurisdiction
vagueness doctrine is used in two scenarios one ... when the court is just exhausted from settling disputes on a particular law ... but that 's not very becoming of the court is it ?
we 're tired of answering questions about this law ... so we give up ... . is there a specific numbers of different cases when you have to throw up your hands and say it 's vague ?
judging by the number of cases the 14th is cited in.. would n't that mean the 14th amendment is unconstitutionally vague ?
the second case that they use it is when they do n't like the way they 'd have to rule and use vagueness as a scape goat .
i suppose there is the third case of gorsuch in dimaya where he may have just been deferring to scalia but that 's the only use of it that way i 've ever read ... and it 's possible he was using it in the first or second manner as well
but none of these are convincing reasons to use the vagueness doctrine
lastly do n't use personal insults ... this is n't that kind of sub .
edit to answer a little further courts do not judge whether someone is innocent or guilty only juries do ... juries that are made of citizens .
our citizens rule on whether something is reasonable or not..and ultimately whether ones actions were legal or illegal .
not sure how this is relevant saying that mtga has a bad implementation does n't really address whether or not having split currencies is good .
not sure what this has to do with anything .
not sure why you decided to select sentences in this order .
those sentences are neither mututally exclusive nor referring to the same subject so of course tying them together in that manner is going to be problematic .
55ms ping is nothing when you compare it to the 100ms ping we asians used to and still occasionally have to the japanese server or middle easterners have to the eu/singapore servers
as a support main i 'm pretty bad at landing and despite being able to track where our jungle is and the enemy 's jungle is does not make me a good jungler .
i 'd rather not play ranked top/mid/jg on my main when i 'm closer to bronze in those positions .
i seriously wonder if the people sending are actual foreigners who speak bad english ? ?
it 's perfectly legal to have official communications go through any channel as long as no classified material is discussed .
hillary had actual classified documents on her server and was discussing classified material in emails sent to and from her server .
she also destroyed evidence which is also a federal felony .
batsmen do maxwell leave the ball hitting middle stump thinking it wont hit get bowled and get recalled because he was not genuinely beaten ?
i am actually quite jealous you posted this as i have looked into the same things as you and never posted !
you can take a deep nerd dive on star wars/buck rogers/flash gordon titles to try to predict .
you 'd think there 'd be some kind of technology that could used .
william devaughn b 1948 washington d.c. is an american r b singer songwriter and guitarist best known for the hit song be thankful for what you got '' .
devaughn was a salaried government employee as a drafting technician according to casey kasem citation needed he designed sewers part-time singer and member of the jehovah 's witnesses .
citation needed he wrote a cadillac don`t come easy '' eventually re-written to become be thankful for what you got in 1972 and spent 900 toward its development to omega sound a philadelphia production house the producers at omega frank fioravanti and john davis wanted to go for a nasty groove and wrote an smooth arrangement eventually booking time to record at the famous sigma sound studio in philadelphia remarkably the session featured members of the mfsb group guitarist norman harris drummer earl young bassist ron baker and vibist vince montana these top musicians were secured by allan felder who also developed the separate adlib back up chorus with his sister`s vocal choir .
3 frank fioravanti could have released the record on the companies own label sound gems but it was just starting out and instead secured its release on the roxbury records record label.. 4
the record sold nearly two million copies on its release in spring 1974 reaching 1 on the u.s. r b charts and 4 on the billboard hot 100 chart selling a million copies .
5 with a sound and content influenced by curtis mayfield its simple and encouraging lyrics hit home to the extent that it became featured on gospel radio stations .
when his success as a recording artist seemed guaranteed devaughn quit his government job .
devaughn released an album featuring mostly songs of an overtly religious character and the second single blood is thicker than water '' made the r b top ten and the pop top fifty later in 1974 give the little man a great big hand '' had minor success early the next year .
6 live devaughn preached to and admonished his audience from the stage .
he lost interest in the music industry not long after working in a record store and again as a draftsman .
fioravanti kept devaughn under contract hoping to eventually get recording again but it wasn`t until 1980 that they would hook-up for new projects .
fioravanti made a mistake by giving the new album figures ca n't calculate ' to ' tec records included the title song which was a minor r b hit and a remake of be thankful for what you got '' .tec never paid out any royalties .
still though soon after devaughn recorded another fioravanti tune creme de creme released in europe on the red bus '' label .
until this point in time fioravanti produced or co-produced all of the singles and albums .
in 2004 devaughn released a new single i came back '' on his own mighty two diamond records .
in 2004 he released a new single i came back '' on his own mighty two diamond records .
in that same year rapper ludacris sampled this song dubious – discuss for diamond in the back '' on his album chicken and beer .
it uses devaughn 's beat and his voice is used throughout the chorus .
he looks around the corner realizes he should wait until he 's in a better position and then pounces .
it was n't a rush of the moment rage it was a calculated strategy to protect himself and the patrons
but it was to replace a 1987 honda crx which got 45 mpg regularly in the city .
the insight got about the same so it seemed like a whole lot of technology for the same mileage to my mom .
10-0 with lukaku alexis martial hattricks to send r/soccer to meltdown mode then a fellaini banger from 30 yards to seal it off .
they did n't really expect this a few months ago .
in a game marketed as competitive there should be no paywalls at all .
this is not a shitty casual game here youa re supposed to have control over your decks and playstyle .
i still dont know why people are somehow cool with a 300 pricetag for a game that you have to buy and supposedly want to be competitive in is beyond me .
spent 5k orbs for retsu at least i got her ...
spent 3k on toshiro 's banner but did n't get him got 4 consecutive mila rose then 3 consecutive yoruichi ... then ran out of orbs ...
yeah that y2k command centre sure saved the earth .
without the y2k handbook the operators never would have overcome the pocalypse .
you are not reading what i am saying so i am finished .
that might actually make them sensitive in the good way .
brady is maybe fifth or sixth on bill 's list .
sure he 's won 5 sbs for bb but he punts right-footed .
i ran into this exact issue a few days ago it took about 2 hours to get funds back from a force close .
i would n't need to force close if my utility company or grocery store or movie store or something accepted btc ln payments though .
do n't feed into the shit side of ubisoft .
i think the real difference is the presence mo bamba gives in around the paint and on d
if there 's any sort of review or survey you can take do so !
they help out a lot in employee reviews and would really help the guy out .
my brother used to say everybody over 40 should be shot .
he is 70 now and sadly he has not taken care of the situation yet .
i traded him for aaron rodgers a couple weeks ago to an 0-4 owner with mahomes .
i do n't feel like that at all . ''
i think it 's a super normal thing to talk about and i 'm sure everyone else has had the same thoughts .
i lost a friend this summer and the only reason i did n't collapse into a puddle of goop is because i talked about mortality a lot with the people who knew him .
what really would have been the cherry on top is if ballons fell streamers were thrown ... .. .and confetti was used .
50k starting is unheard of maybe not if you live in a very high cost of living area .
the new hires here make maybe 32 to 35k .
carson is sharing the backfield and is n't exciting .
tell him to come back with a better offer .
relevant while at the brothers of christian instruction he became acquainted with a young doctor named joseph c. cyr .
that led to his most famous exploit in which he masqueraded as cyr working as a trauma surgeon aboard hmcs cayuga a royal canadian navy destroyer during the korean war .
he managed to improvise successful major surgeries and fend off infection with generous amounts of penicillin .
his most notable surgical practices were performed on some sixteen korean combat casualties who were loaded onto the cayuga .
all eyes turned to demara the only ‘surgeon ' on board as it became obvious that several of the casualties would require major surgery or certainly die .
after ordering personnel to transport these variously injured patients into the ship 's operating room and prep them for surgery demara disappeared to his room with a textbook on general surgery and proceeded to speed-read the various surgeries he was now forced to perform including major chest surgery .
none of the casualties died as a result of demara 's surgeries .
apparently the removal of a bullet from a wounded man ended up in canadian newspapers.
i know there are a few youtube videos of charlie brooker 's interviews .
not sure if that will help but they were informative in terms of the writing/editing process and time it takes to make each episode .
it was still a 15 min wait to get to the bar at the downtown location on sunday night .
i can try drawing one up i 've been changing up some of our expenses to cut costs before i found this out lot of good that did .
i have 4 new ll codes if you are interested
if tipping is eliminated and servers are paid say 15/hr the prices on the menu just get increased 15-30 to cover the increased wages .
a good server can make around 20/hr during the busy hours and then to go down to 15/hr is a disincentive .
in fact i think more service providers should rely on tips .
can you imagine if you have a shitty attorney who does n't put any effort into representing you ?
an auto mechanic who returns your car in the same broken condition you brought it to him in ?
people would get competent real fast if their income depended on it .
is barnes just supposed to immediately sprint forward after a swing ?
i had a similar issue and replaced the hdmi cable .
the struggle in the beginning is fun and once you get to strong enough that you will win a war fairly easy and the cpu decides to just run around sieging shit in your land it starts to get annoying .
especially with their magical leaders that dont require cannons to siege your forts faster than you can siege theirs with siege general and cannons ...
only fought through that for my first wc and my 2nd wc for one faith
makes you wonder why he stayed on the show after ami then .
that game is really fun but it 's the only one i 've ever legitimately thrown a controller at .
while it 's not a perfect solution the grey border/grey text unique items in my filter indicate that particular base 's only valuable unique items are league specific .
which means you can more or less ignore it unless you 're in some kind of league zone .
i seem to remember jesus having a few very strong opinions about this sort of thing ...
well in the past years as a guild leader i liked staying on top of the warcraft changes and transcribing everything for my guildies being able to immediately answer any question they have vs. them having to comb through every write-up to see if it was even answered .
with the guild dead this expansion i was still going to get it since i 've learned a lot on game design principles of animation and everything else as well as being hyped for diablo .
if diablo does n't have anything big i can always learn about design and animation from various youtube channels so that 'll be a hard pass this year .
no need for the word content after ... take my up vote .
i always push the handicap access button if it 's right by the door that way the door just opens automatically and i do n't have to awkwardly wait for the person behind me .
yeah that 's the thing i do n't know everything about it so i may be wrong but i also could n't work or go to public places like schools but again not sure if it 's just for 'unprotected ' people like babies or just transmission in general
i just trash organizations that keep track of them . ''
she 's a shit stirrer a liar a sloppy drunk mean and a million other things ... but so are a lot of women on these shows .
there 's something about brandi 's face and how she carries herself specifically that weirds me out to the point of knowing that if i met her i 'd have told hold back from a titty punch 😂
on instant deposits to your debit card 3 day transfers to bank acct always free .
thats why i said in my experience '' and that 's because i never looked for lead survivor rewarded missions .
just did it for the first time thanks to you .
suppliers somewhere where it 's legal just on standby to ship it in or were they allowed to have it in stock early ?
they are all so buggy which is fine unless it is game breaking .
i 've never beat a fallout that did n't require me going several saves back .
i ca n't get rid of this vampire bitch who is currently attracting the attention of a blood dragon on respawn and it is pissing me right off .
next time get a group of people you know to face away from the door
edit did n't realize at the end they just cut to an ad ignore it lol
how in the blue fuck did he get over a hundred upvotes for that
excuse me idc about where it came from just that it is n't accurate
slice to topspin topspin to slice flat to flat .
still when a bowser or dk still push ya back pretty far countering the shot does n't matter .
this is why i always say we have such a good local commentator duo .
yeah they 're biased like everyone else but unlike the others i 've listened to q c own up when the pacers get a lucky break or a bad call etc .
has an na team ever beaten a kr team in a bo5
lmao na hasnt even won any bo5 at worlds ever
besides some issues of where acts land in the lineup like billy joel would definitely be first this is solid i 'd be stoked to see this lineup but disappointed by all the clashes .
when in r/atheism someone asks for evidence they more than likely mean scientific evidence .
that 's probably why your answer that it 's obvious to the question any evidence god exists ? ''
if you 'd have made the distinction between scientific and non-scientific evidence it 'd probably still have been there .
also typing a body to an ama is always a good idea .
yeah but once you get it stable and running perfectly with all those mods it 's so worth it .
and somehow i do n't believe the devs at king are ever crunching .
when you 're making billions a day in revenue you set the timetable .
or you hire hundreds more grads who can just barely code .
looks a lot like my neighbor 's dog sophie !
https imgur.com/8as4dcs her markings are slightly different though and we 're near monroe st so i doubt she 'd get that far away .
look hoss you 're not going to say empericism ca n't know unknowables '' and then try to claim that all the unknowable things we 've since learned somehow do n't count .
we 've explored the quantum universe peered into the distant past discovered exo-planets and mapped our own dna .
all that was most certainly unknowable and all that was certainly found through empiricism .
and if you want to get technical then nothing can find something that is specifically unknowable '' .
all by itself yes you ca n't use faith to know anything .
you assume i only use faith to think that god exists .
you 're using faith and a bad set of logical rules .
faith ca n't know anything and your logic does n't work .
i do n't think it 's reasonable at all to assume this the universe came from nothing .
so by one standard of logic you 're saying the universe is big and complex and could n't have come from nothing .
we know that things do n't just pop into existence on a macro level . ''
but then you 're trundling out your other set of logical rules which is to to paraphrase theists even though god would have all the same qualities that insist he could n't have come from nothing ... even though if i were logically consistent i 'd be asking 'what created god ' ...
i 'm going to insist 'goddidit ' to answer how the universe got here . ''
it 's too big and complex to have just happened and there ca n't be an infinite regress .
so you 're using a second set of logical rules to present something that if you were logically consistent with one set of rules would never allow .
i might send them double to make up for you .
there is n't tons of material pointing towards guilt and they left out tons of material pointing at innocence .
so i do n't see where the bias comes from .
but you just tried to make fun of my cpu/gpu and now the user is the most important component ?
dude you 're bad at discussing and you keep losing them now stop embarrassing yourself .
if religious people learned they could get the same or greater highs by eating something other than bullshit their entire outlook on reality would change .
no those features specify that you must use the attack action .
i 'm feeding him a f ! morgan for her a skill which will patch both his atk and his res .
if you 're ep-inclined you definitely can make him work .
i wonder how many more are lying on the sea bed
hide this picture or android phone makers will release their next phone with the same notch !
considering your lack of training at race pace you did a super job of pacing our 1:25 group .
your splits show no sign of ithat side stitch and you held on really well after the group splintered .
i had a blast running with you i can only apologise for talking too much ... you definitely did n't hold me back your move at 10k when you decided to move past the group blocking the road was braver than i would have been and later on i did n't believe that i had an extra gear until you told me to go ahead so thank you !
once again congrats on hitting your nyc time and your new pr .
surprised they chose a white guy in the picture .
usually when representing the national demographics companies and organisations go for 5 black people 3 asians and one middle eastern man in a wheel chair in their leaflets and posters .
i 've had enough of us vs ru i want world vs aliens now .
this actually came up in a conversation with a friend the other day .
we agreed that there is a vast gulf between genetic manipulation and assembling a new life-form from scratch out of the basic dna components .
the chasm is even greater if by life '' we do n't just mean technically living '' but coherent functional organism . ''
i would n't go so far as to call such a thing impossible but i would say that if it can be done it 's centuries and not decades away .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
r/politics/wiki/index wiki_be_civil we are temporarily only allowing accounts with a combined karma of 100 or more to comment .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i use the parking panda app to find garage parking when i go there .
hate having to drive around looking for a place when i arrive .
easier way without messing with paypal is to purchase eshop cards but you will need to have a second account for that as it will leave 0.01 on your account preventing you from changing region and us accounts you can not sacrifice credit for some reason
i 'm curious as well how does a time-lapse do anything to your study ?
i wish i had coverage in my home in central phoenix ! !
hindrer at noen som er villig til å rasle med sablene mot en sittende regjering ikke blir fjernet som innvalgt dersom regjeringen tar et par skritt i retning autoritært regime og fjerner disse bråkebøttene '' .
eventuelt noen som er litt for interessert i hva politidirektoratet egentlig holder på med i disse omstillingstidene og dermed ikke blir flagget .
har du gjort nok galt til at du faktisk får en fengselsstraff og må sone så kan du ikke møte .
du har ikke mulighet til å stemme uten å være tilstede .
putin 's way to make feel the former soviet territory leaders stupid and ignorant .
check out our article for beginners https www.reddit.com/r/tarot/wiki/beginners for advice on where to start and how to choose a deck .
if you 're looking for resources to help you learn more about tarot check out our resource library https www.reddit.com/r/tarot/wiki/resources .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tarot if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm starting to think i got in a little too early for this earnings play .
i 've been in the red for a month .
donald trump kicked my dog and then blamed my neighbor
someone a while back overlaid music from the leftovers over the video .
did n't see it posted here so figured i 'd share for anyone that had not caught it yet .
unfortunately that 's how football works when time 's up time 's up .
you ca n't just keep playing because a team looks like scoring .
but do u start two players from the same team ?
if you 're on console you have to also consider bloom stability on hc significantly reduces the time you have to wait for the bloom cone to reset .
or set a minimum threshold of reports before deleting the post .
just because a content creator is posting their content here i would n't necessarily consider than blatant self-promotion as long as it 's interesting and useful content .
self-promotion can be construed in so many ways but it 's kind of stupid when you 're not explicitly selling something .
creating content and posting it here can be harmless and done with good intent and if the community up-votes that content leave it be .
the mods here would literally delete the most useful and popular posts ever if they 're from the same person more than once in a week 's time and not think twice about it .
that just kills any desire to participate in this subreddit as a community and it only hurts the users .
if it 's spam or blatant self-promotion the community will down-vote it .
the community never gets a chance to act though because the heavy-handed mods enact their own will before that can happen .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
batman and robin was like a goofy live-action cartoon .
as djidjidjidji mentioned it 's a surprise that you mentioned li because he acknowledges that izou is talented .
i asked you to back up your claim that all all swordmaster in chaldea see him as clown that ca n't even touch them in real battle '' but all you did is say that it 's of your opinion that he should be considered a clown .
and really you claim that the entire bakumatsu period of time all swordsmen where just weaker ?
like you are making an awful amount of assumptions just to weave the narrative that izou is weaker than others .
i do not claim that izou can just win against anyone or that he 's magically super strong and op .
but i do n't think that downplaying izou is any better idea .
the problems with registration/closed polls in the democratic primary we 're almost exclusively fine by republicans in preparation for the general election .
and they usually hit areas where clinton did better more urban/minority .
eu vou atras de matéria diferenciada eles fizeram uma sobre o jornalista morto pelos sauditas do gasto com mpsp de traficante de mulheres e etc de resto eu dou uma ignorada .
well i 've tried redeeming a free trial code before and it has n't work .
i 've even tried free trial code for gamepass before after doing one before and it would n't work .
there 's no point in having two of them especially if you are n't going to do bike races in addition to triathlon .
you may want to look into a more expensive blender to be honest .
a lot of the cheap ones are good for moderate use but are n't built to last with multiple uses daily .
i know it 's expensive but you are probably better off getting a vitamix if possible and they also sell certified refurbished ones for a pretty decent discount .
i only recommend this because it sounds like every meal needs to be blended not just one or two but if that 's not the case please ignore my advice .
did you snitch on him because he watched anime ?
i bought the new mbp 13 high end model fully specced at 4k in july and i had random kernel panics since day one .
i endured it for a few months then went to the apple store where first they denied the problem and kept my mbp for a week then gave it back to me saying it was perfect .
except it crashed in front of their eyes in the apple store on the pick up day ! ! !
so they gave me a replacement with an option for full refund .
the new mbp kernel panicked today no devices attached no reason was reading a pdf and i close the lid when i opened it back it had crashed .
so at this point i think i will return it .
i thought it was just a small batch but when i get two computers in a row and they both have the same issue i think it 's unacceptable .
i only had apple laptops for 20 years and i do a lot of coding not sure what i will do next .
yeah i know how they wanted to help their relative which i described in my original
comment that they may not understand how that works .
that does n't make them dumb because not everyone knows that brain transplants are n't possible
you ca n't skew median income unless there is an externality like government assistance which there is very little of in china .
it pains me that it has gone gold and i still have to wait 3 weeks to play it .
hitman 2016 is one of my favorite games of all time i have over 350 hours clocked in it in steam .
now do you have problems when you craft blocks and have the drawers convert to bars ?
now for base mats where the item comes into ae2 from outside it 's fine .
but if you have an nuclearcraft alloy smelter doing cobalt+ardite blocks manyullyn blocks and a compacting drawer providing bars ... . how do you get the system handling i need 9000 bars i guess i should actually queue up 100 blocks . ''
can you just stick a block block recipe and a block 9 bar recipe on the smelter and have a block come out and get converted to bars in the drawers ?
that and possibly the fun of a craft that wants 100 block and 900 bars and the system has 100 blocks in the drawers ?
or has ae2 been improved since previous complaints to understand how drawers work ?
that 's sad i also warn people away from using microwave transformers because they 're amperage is so much higher than the neon sign units .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
another thing people do n't realize or take into consideration these shows were not made to be streamed or watched all at once .
modern tv shows are serialized past ones were n't .
now we have comedies like the good place that are entirely different from past sitcoms .
they 're dumping tons of money into the game as an esports with likely not nearly as much returns as other games .
and that 's also implying that gears get viewers .
the game does n't get like any casual viewers and event viewership is n't even that high .
there are games with less support getting more viewers .
yall can get mad but i 'm just being honest gears is not that relevant in esports .
that 's the nice thing about anonymity i can actually get constructive criticism and advice from people who may also be struggling or just who want to provide insight .
and nobody in my day to day life will know .
and of course i 've got my sense of humor dude !
i do drugs sure but i can still joke about my addiction !
i cant be uptight about it if i expect to change so if anything it helps me realize how foolish it is !
if anyone in my life seen this account only 3 or 4 people would know it 's me where they are also people who i started this journey '' with .
from street to research chemicals its was an emotional ride .
but filled with so much love care passion and developed friendships that are unbreakable .
i 've seen my friends at their most vulnerable their weakest points .
and at their strongest we understand eachother on a different level and i wouldnt trade it for anything .
if nothing you do matters try spitting in the face of a stranger .
everything you do matters every action you take inexorably affects the reality around you .
every person you snub every child you caress every stranger you nod at every interaction is linked to every other .
one can not purchase an apple from fiji in canada if that apple was not grown in fiji and shipped here through a series of distribution or what we would call a bunch of strangers who have jobs working together .
yes i am in absolute agreement with you and i know we 're among many others who feel this way as well .
i close 'em when i 'm done and open 'em when i need 'em again .
do n't worry about asking questions and your english is good
i used this recipe https www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/almond-biscotti but used almond extract instead of anise extract and added pecans !
a little less sugar too since i like my baked goods less sweet .
bruh i can get row 4 upper bowl tickets for 15 bucks a piece for sixers vs bucks right now
i just wanted to say that i am humbled by the responses and encouragement .
this sub is amazing and it really enhances my otf experience .
that 's right pops it does n't and he wo n't see either .
i 'm just wondering if i 'm doing something wrong here .
every pale i 've brewed had had the same recommendation of about .5 per gallon to get around 5.3
apologizes or not people still remember him shitting on tj brodie about worlds when his fiancee was recently diagnosed with ms. plus existing solely to act as a mouthpiece for the owners on the area thing .
this is among the reasons why i will never opt for not wearing glasses .
they 're literally a physical shield in front of my fragile eyeballs .
sure it 's extremely rare but i 've already experienced it once when a passing motorcyclist kicked up a tiny stone that pinged off my glasses .
step one federalized elections all elections with a guaranteed franchise for all citizens regardless of race socioeconomic status or incarceration .
election day would be a mandatory paid holiday with obvious accommodations for emergency service workers .
poling places would be equalized to represent no less than one location per 10,000 population .
all elections would be verified federally and no win less than 5 would be certified without a minimum of three recounts .
step two annual tax on all held wealth over 10m private and corporate adjusted to 1/2 the annual inflation rate .
all carried interest and stock income would be treated as standard income and taxed accordingly .
step three eliminate the current lifetime appointment of any government position and limit all elective offices to two lifetime terms .
step four no riders on any federal bill and return the 60 vote rule to all senate appointments as a matter of law .
there are many more major changes but these four steps would fix a lot of what is wrong with the united states .
i will never vote for someone who is pro-choice so probably not .
do n't wear white and flip flops to your sister-in-law 's funeral
if you say you have the flu they 'll probably want a doctors note saying it is safe for you to return to work .
the fev that the institute used originated from the super mutants originating at vault 87 .
oh god its that time of year were everything in the morning is frozen only to melt by 12pm .
but it does impact the validity of blm as an organization .
i keep getting text spam from beto o'rourke 's campaign .
they keep telling me they 'll remove me from the list but i keep getting them .
i have no idea why i 'm getting them in the first place .
i was registered to vote in tx in 1987 but never actually voted there .
i 'd moved to nm by the '88 election .
as a factom hodler i can tell you ... .its not a good move !
commando is perfect on pc but i stopped using carbide because of the lefty righty bugs
before seeing the words legalize and cannabis together and just blindly throwing support at it i think everyone should have a read of the bill .
the australian cannabis agency would also act as the single wholesaler for cannabis – purchasing cannabis from the producers and selling on plain packaged product to the retail stores to ensure quality and consistency establish cannabis retail shops which would o require id for entry and ban the sale of cannabis to anyone under the age of 18 o sell only plain packaged cannabis – with clear information about the strain and health warnings and o require all sales staff to undertake a responsible sale of cannabis similar to rsa course as well as mental health first aid training .
this means there will be no room for potential entrepreneurs to try enter the market the government will have a monopoly over the industry with the australian cannabis agency .
i am also concerned about the plain packaging i do not want cannabis users to be the next group of people that are exploited by taxation the way cigarette smokers are .
sure the product should be taxed but at the same rate of gst every other product does i know taxation isnt mentioned on the bill but there is only one other product that has to adhere to plain packaging laws and we have seen how their customer base has been exploited .
i experienced granulation tissue pp due to my second degree tear and had to have it burned off with silver nitrate ow and eventually get surgery to remove it because there was so much .
fret not the surgery was an in/out procedure and after i healed 4 weeks i felt like myself again .
i 'm very grateful i had it surgically removed because i was experiencing discharge and pain for months sex was unbearable .
i could n't even bounce my baby and the exercise ball because of the pain !
after the surgery everything went back to normal down there including my sex life !
i mean 100 honest i disagree that they ca n't handle 36 specs .
i think they are actively choosing not to so that they can do things like add twitter integration selfies more elves and loot boxes .
like legit though if they actually dedicated a class team to actually bringing classes back to life with meaningfully different playstyles instead of trying to make sure everyones bars look relatively similar on dps meters they could turn this shit around and actually make an rpg out of wow again .
the problem is though since the end of wrath nowhere near enough people have decided to kick them in the ass enough to make them care about that again .
i am in nyc and there is a never ending supply .
you can go on dates every night if you are committed to it .
and even book back up dates bc men can be flakey prob bc there is a never ending supply of women too .
you should def come here it 's like a buffet of hot men of all different nationalities and interests !
i quit brewing for several years and am just now getting back into it .
i feel like i fell into the same trap you 're finding yourself in .
i was too worried about what others thought and compared myself to everyone .
every time i 'd check forums and watch videos i 'd see people that knew more than me had better equipment and had a much cooler literally and figuratively place to brew .
i was trapped in the comparison game and way too focused on what others were doing and if others approved of what i was doing .
it took a toll and took the joy out of it too .
i enjoyed my extract beers just fine but i had had haaaaaad to go all grain because you 're not really brewing if you 're using extracts. while no one outright says it the home brew culture certainly sometimes makes you feel that way .
this certainly falls in line with point one but it deserves its own attention .
the home brew culture is really supportive and will always share their knowledge but like any hobby enthusiast they ca n't ever just say that 's cool good job ! without offering some sort of feedback on how to do it better .
this is across the board for any hobby subreddit or forum but i always see the comments section full of every post on how they 'd do it better or how this one technique is actually inferior .
you should really be pitching the yeast at 72 degrees in 15 minute increments and only with your non dominant hand because your dominant hand carries twice the bacteria.
while they mean well sometimes i was just wanting some positive encouragement not necessarily how i could have done it better and this beer may as well be trash this is what i heard not what the community said .
in every aspect of brewing equipment recipe brew day etc .
i never had a plan on how to layout my brew space .
i never made a budget or prioritized equipment purchases .
i had several unsuccessful brew days simply because i would just start without thinking it all through .
when it came to gear i made impulse purchases .
i bought a massive kettle to brew full batches but did n't have some way to chill it .
i had this revelation when i had 5 gallons of boiling wort with no way to chill it and pitch the yeast .
if i would have sat down and made a financial plan and bought the larger gear in some sort of logical order i would have been in a better position and less flustered .
i was n't that good of a brewer but because i was the only one in my friend group that brewed i was a god to them and had an inflated ego .
i wanted to upscale way sooner than i needed .
i wanted to be the best but did n't want to do the work to make myself better .
i bought a 3 gallon carboy and am getting away from the 5 gallon stuff .
my first brew is a hard cider i did n't even need to boil the stuff .
just toss some camden tablets one day and pitch yeast the next .
instead of investing into kegs i bought some large ez cap bottles to make bottling less annoying .
i 've also worked a lot on not giving two shits if i could have done this or that to make the brew better .
i strayed away from relax and have a homebrew and paid dearly for it .
i 'd encourage you to just go back to the basics and find out what exactly you enjoy about home brewing .
you 're a 23 year old in high school ?
edit unless you 're not from an anglophone country and this is for an esl course ...
with the way you seemed so defensive of those types i figured it was a valid assumption .
i worked in the er for 2 years during college and it definitely took a toll on my mental health .
after seeing a 5-year old that was run over by his own mother i realized i could n't stand it much longer and got out if emergency care all together .
even the doctors i worked with we 're desensitized to almost everything and seemed to have a very cynical outlook on everything .
people will not change unless they are faced with a situation that they can not avoid .
some games only work with 360 controllers so steam configuration x360ce might be required in that case .
there 's an introductory course by mit on the topic at edx and it definitely helped me decide that this is what i want to do .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
because he 's also a rookie and they did n't trust him .
if he 's on though he can go a long way .
dumbass u would n't be saying that if they got another hit or martinez was n't out by an inch
yeah i prefer to have 32gb for my lifestyle of never ever closing tabs .
really though it 's handy for legal research where i may have literally hundreds of chrome tabs across 7-10 windows open .
the quad kits exist as they 're listed on the qvm list from asus .
so i 'm just concerned with using a qvm listed memory that is only listed for dual-dimm and then doubling up .
i do n't have a strong preference to start with 4x8 and i 'd be just as happy with 2x16 as long as it 's good fast reliable ram .
only reason i 'm asking about the 4x8 is because it 's what i already have in hand .
ok thanks i will try this tomorrow and let you know if it works .
if i wanted stock android i 'd buy a pixel or an essential .
spent two years supporting my girl while she was in grad school makes penny pinching and buying killer deals on used blem parts the name of the game
as much as it hurts to say we need our father to take over
probably just to get to police '' sinners just like this .
that 's true i do n't think about it but i do know that though
agreed but play behavior in many species involves learning by overstepping boundaries and facing consequent backlash .
is this the result of the culture fair iq test ?
where is the information in the diagram coming from anyway because you should really source your information in these situations .
it 's helpful if people can find out what study/data was used to get that information .
many psychologists believe that the idea that a test can be completely absent of cultural bias a recurrent hope of test developers in the 20th century is contradicted by the weight of the evidence .
raven 's progressive matrices for example is one of several nonverbal intelligence tests that were originally advertised as culture free '' but are now recognized as culturally loaded .
patricia greenfield phd of the university of california los angeles argues that nonverbal intelligence tests are based on cultural constructs such as the matrix that are ubiquitous in some cultures but almost nonexistent in others .
in societies where formal schooling is common she says students gain an early familiarity with organizing items into rows and columns which gives them an advantage over test-takers in cultures where formal schooling is rare .
there are more examples here https www.apa.org/monitor/feb03/intelligence.aspx and it 's overall an interesting read .
you 're trying to measure what western cultures think of as intelligence in foreign environments .
urine strips are for type 1 diabetics not for measuring nutritional ketosis .
they are essentially useless for this way of eating and ca n't be relied upon .
just make sure you eat fewer than 20g carbs daily and you 'll be in ketosis .
if i want them enough but clearly i 'm willing to switch .
would 've been the perfect starting 5 for us just like he 's been manhandling starting 5s throughout last season .
i was an ra for two years and while most of my stories sound like the plots of some very special episodes this was my favorite
this was at a big football school and one year my floor consisted of 75 freshmen—about a third female the rest male with half the guys being football players .
most of these guys were total stereotypes that gave off the vibe that they thought they were above everyone and i was the bitch who only ever told them to quiet down and stop throwing stink bombs into each other 's rooms .
with any conflict and there were so many conflicts i usually took the side of my non-football residents because i knew how much it sucked to live with these guys .
but around halloween as i guess was some kind of tradition the freshman players got ambushed by the more senior players as they were leaving the practice field .
these guys got pelted with eggs for several blocks all the way back to the dorm .
at the time it was a shitty night to deal with the police came reports were filed other students got hit the entire lobby and exterior of the building was covered in eggs but looking back it was such sweet justice to see each of these guys come up the elevator dejected and dripping with egg goo .
i 'd like to add that i 'm usually a heavy sleeper sleeping 8-9 hour nights the majority of the time .
id say drop your worst player for monk whoever that is he is a must add if he is getting consistent minutes
i thought i was being lazy about it and i still do it at least once a month
but it 's not in the sea ... just an infinity edge pool
when youblost your ball i lost a piece of my heart .
i built 6 oklahoma in a row worst 9k and 12 cubes i ever used
my opinion on this is that if good and bad rng periods exist they are over by the time you are done collecting the rewards for the stage that you just ran .
funnily enough it transition to her after but i thought hers was more okay since the cloth covered it .
i mean transforms returns to hand and minion destruction exists .
7 health can still be chipped down as well .
it 's playing this fall at the ontario cinesphere along with the original .
you literally touch yourself to the thought of your own mom mate judging by your comment history .
what makes them any different then the overwatch dances ?
or the macarena the cha-cha slide other popular dances from the 90s ?
i think overwatch had dances when you won on the win screen i ca n't remember never really got into ow
well we the europeans have centuries of great history and traditions and we are proud of it .
look at wcs valencia 2017 and wcs valencia 2018 2017 peaked around 36k and 2018 peaked around 80k that is a double the viewers count from last year .
the only streamers i see with 8k viewers and more are flash jeadong larva and shuttle the others are much lower so yeah they watch them for them not for scr .
you can see the confusion when he gets water splashed on him
if you do something just because your wife wants it and you do not she will start to treat you as a weak male .
she leaves you and you stay with a crippled penis .
there are millions of women in the world but your penis is just one .
i do n't really get what the fire is about .
is n't it just a hardware version of the channel rack ?
or is there something that would justify the 200 price ?
je hoeft thuis toch niet om wifi codes te vragen en voor plekken waar je veel komt dus thuis en werk met name hoef je 1 keer de wifi in te stellen en daarna verbind het automatisch .
het kost je mijnsinziens bijna niks en scheelt wel dat wifi meestal sneller is en dat je minder belasting op het netwerk geeft zodat mensen zonder wifi ook sneller internet hebben denk ik iig geen expert op het gebeid .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
hi any used apple ssd flash stick from a macbook pro late 2013 to 2015 or macbook air 2013 to 2017 will be compatible with your imac and the 2015/2017 ssd flash sticks are faster .
we alsways buy used apple ssd flash sticks for customers macs on ebay as we were not happy with the failure rate of the new owc and transcend ssd we experimented with it was not many that failed but enough to just stick to the used original apple ones .
we have purchsed hundreds of used apple ssd flash stick for the 2013 and later models not one has failed .
you can also check the health of any used ssd you buy with drivedx https binaryfruit.com/drivedx https binaryfruit.com/drivedx .
'the last one i bought was for 15 so that 's how much i 'll pay for this one '
well you fire a volley of arrows so one might have hit but when a big wave is between me and the enemy it did stop my arrows and barnabas yells we 've missed ! ''
years ago for valentine 's day my so at the time was broke and i was as well because we were college kids .
it was our first valentine 's day together and i went over to his house to celebrate with him .
when i got there he was acting weird and nervous and led me to his room .
he opened the door and i was blown away he had spent probably a good hour lighting a hundred tiny tea light candles sprinkled rose petals all around the room formed a heart with them on the bed and had a stuffed animal and a note in the center of the heart .
the list was a hand written 100 reasons why he loved me .
we are n't together any more and are n't even friends but i will always cherish that day .
it was the sweetest thing anyone has ever done for me .
and see eg http news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/2555023.stm for a n example of a significant fire in 2002 that took out buildings in the cowgate .
stan lee appeared in the teen titans go to the movies .
titans and harley quinn made a promo for their new show referencing deadpool .
especially since an adc needs every last coin to hit 3 items in a decent time .
do you have 2fans 140mm in the front or 120mm ?
what arguments do the brexiters still have left for leave ?
the same ones only now we know they are completely true .
leavers pushed a message that we had lost power over our own affairs .
the eu has just spent 2 years proving that true .
we 're totally free to do whatever we want we can leave however we please .
we just ca n't force the eu in to a deal they are n't happy with same as they can not force us .
if that means we leave with no deal that 's the absolute pinnacle of britain fully exerting its sovereignty .
now if we want to trade with the eu well of course concessions are made ... that 's why it 's called a deal you agree to do x in exchange for y .
you ca n't swim in the pool if you do n't have a membership .
social housing is an issue and has been for a long time this however is due to successive governments selling off social housing whilst not building enough to blame this on immigration is either disingenuous or ill informed .
it smacks of the daily mail who 's sole purpose is to distract it 's readership from the real causes of our problems and focus it on scapegoats .
so your saying that the lack of social housing in london has nothing to do with emigration of low skilled/low paid into the uk ?
have a look at pretty much every council own tower block and you will see what i mean my cousin lives in one in surrey quays and his the only white guy and one of only a few that speak english as a first language ?
do you really think we 'd be culturally richer without italian food french wine american films japanese anime the majority of our fashion labels an extraordinary amount of music etc etc .
again theres nothing wrong with this but would it be ok for the british to go to japan and make everything more british ?
i think there 's plenty of room to celebrate being british whilst also celebrating the fact that diversity and immigration make britain a stronger and better place than it otherwise would be
you keep saying stronger and better but it is simply not true .
finally i would hope that those parents and others affected would see the tragedy in manchester for what it was an anomalous and evil criminal act .
to attribute the attack to 'multi culturalism ' is a disgrace .
manchester bombing/london bombings/100s of planed attacks that have stoped by the police/rotherham grooming gang+the 100s of other grooming gangs going around raping little girls
you think this price is ok in the name of diversity and multi culturalism ?
i assume you 're white if i told you i knew someone who got murdered by a white man does that give me cause to hate all white people ?
i am a white man in a white country and i am not saying there are not bad people what i am saying is we should not be importing backwards cultures here to make things worse .
it 'll be a battle of who can level up more from groups to quarters .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
the eu is n't trying to destroy the uk and does n't want to either ...
bring the whole hotpot la he want to see how far he can go .
we learned what we liked did some kinky stuff but we knew our boundaries .
between arthritis and surgeries and menopause we 'd figured out what worked .
finding someone who 's good with specialty lube limited positions and who was half as damn hot and loving is daunting .
they do n't predict they read the inputs from your controller .
i still recommend etsy for arm warmers there 's a plethora of options for you .
you can leave the world but you ca n't leave it alone .
quick questions u/suedeexvius .. where does seaside nichol fall on the magic chainers scale ?
i only ask since he is top 6 on current highest magic builds and has chaining which he can cap himself or even just use for an imperil and then chain for days .
also access to some finishers i know they are not top tier spells but his high magic must put him somewhere on those lists and i 'm just curious where .
kerbals just want to go to space they do n't deserve this .
the reason he struggled in his last season or two in england
he was one of everton 's best players last season .
since the 60s people have lulled themselves into believing humanity and civilization had progressed to something more fair just and equal .
recent political events have shown this to be false .
the left had just been very vocal echo-chamber much ?
and the right the hard right had been quite .
just for the record i do n't believe that 's an ideal world .
me explaining the medical fields way of determing which sex is dominate in a intersex person is not me making a claim .
like i said before normally in intersex people one sex organ will be more developed than the other and generally one gender will also be dominant .
do n't worry none of us want to go to the us and get shot .
i 'll take some restricted liberties over a bunch of libertarian nut jobs any day .
my advice is to focus on the quest first handcannon kills solar kills rumbl handcannon headshots .
it helps if you are not focussing on the glory points .
if you get the quest out of the way go full meta get a team and go for the points .
edit sry i said 'get a team ' but you said that was impossible .
try the lfg.net app in the crucible activity or r/fireteams .
i started with getting 2100 points now every game is a sweatfest and its hard to get handcannon headshots .
getting there but i wished i had done it in the beginning of the glory climb where you play easier opponents .
what about han solo lando chewie and the falcon ?
disney lost between 50 million and hundreds of millions on that depending on which estimate you look at and they were only up to about .5-2 billion on paying off their 4 billion sw purchase depending on how you look at it so really you can count losses as even larger .
speakerless phone you need to buy the speaker dongle and hold the phone upside down to call somebody or you could just drop some money and get a bluetooth earpiece s
the mp is amazing i have n't had this much fun since mw2 .
makes me feel like i 'm in high school all over again wanting to get home and get on and play lol .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
some people did dc for a few mins though .
instruments do n't produce perfect harmonics for a variety of reasons .
generally higher order harmonics get a bit sharp compared to their theoretical values .
just like in physics problems you often operate under the hypothetical of a frictionless table '' by assuming harmonics are perfect ratios of the fundamental you are operating under the hypothetical of an instrument where every other physical property of the material has no effect on how vibrations propagate through it .
surprised no one has mentioned bloody trapland https store.steampowered.com/app/257750/bloody_trapland .
it 's 4-players locally and online i 'd best describe it like mini mario stages loaded with obstacles you must pass but that does n't do it justice so i 'd just check the steam trailer .
my favorite aspect of this game is the trolling you can do on your friends .
when you get to the end of a stage you can wait for your friends progress the game or go back and mess with them .
i loved jumping on my friends as they make a jump and causing them to fail lol ... we did n't make very good progress because of that .
the game also has a few tricky secrets you can find so its best to keep an eye out .
i ca n't remember if this is right but some can only be obtained with help from everyone involved .
the four characters presented are the also pretty quirky and different which is fun for deciding which character matches which if you best .
edit seconded on stickfight and definitely seconded on streets of rogue .
edit 2 decided to give a few more suggestions !
a unique style beat em up type game where you collect weapons pets powers progress through the game fighting many enemies and bosses over various levels and collect characters if you do certain challenges there 's a lot of characters to unlock the dlc ones are n't bad or expensive either once you beat the game you can even unlock a harder mode !
this also extends the games replayability a lot making it a very worth it purchase .
pummel party this looks like a great party game but i have personally not played it so i recommend checking gameplay .
there 's good to say about it but as a redditor said below it can get repetitive and boring quick with the lack of mini games .
spelunky rogue like 2d game where you progress through different levels meeting new stages enemies items and secrets .
the whole game is 4 player if you wish although checkpoints to different stages are only unlocked in single player .
the levels are randomly generated making it very replayable along with the variety of weapons and items to find make this game is a very fun experience .
it 's basically super smash bros except animals that have really cool and unique powers .
the stages look nice the attacks are sick the music is awesome too it 's more retro esque as well as the art style .
its full of nostalgia and really just buy it already !
moon hunters pixel graphics pretty soundtrack really good art style seems like a fun adventure game to play along with friends .
apparently the whole game is a personality test ? ?
ultra space battle brawl this is pong but remade in a completely unique and awesome way .
street fighter like graphics complete freedom of movement 10 characters you can play as each with their own story statistics and special .
the goal is to knock out your opponents health crystal which is guarded .
it 's a retro game with a retro difficulty 80s aesthetics and can be played with up to 3 friends 4 players .
guacamelee 2 the first game was an absolute blast .
first xbox one game i played and i loved it .
if it 's anything like the first and the reviews suggest that it is you will adore this game .
just as fun to fail as to be victorious .
you 'll kill your teammates in all sorts of ways you 'll kill the enemies of mankind in all sorts of ways .
procedurally generates and offers up to 100 hours of gameplay .
forced a challenging 1-4 player there 's four unique classes with distinctive play styles game that focuses on coop .
it 's a mix of tactical arcade rpg and puzzle elements that will force you and your compadres to work together .
✨**gauntlet this is probably what you 're looking for if you want an optimal coop experience .
if you 've played and enjoy diablo this will be much like that .
fight hordes of creatures as you search for treasure in this 4 player dungeon crawler .
⭐️**charlie murder basically castle crashers but with a more metal theme .
so like i said for cc there 's a lot of variety here in the same ways if not more .
if you like castle crashers i 'd completely recommend this .
it 's a bit more mature style too if you do n't like the fun style of castle crashers .
enemies will explode be decapitated melt it 's pretty metal .
the enemies themselves are my favorite aspect of the game too because some are just plain awesome .
the soundtrack is great the art style is great the whole game is a blast .
🌟 ultimate chicken horse looks similar to bloody trapland high reviews looks fun .
you go through a few levels with obstacles/puzzles to get to the end while simultaneously sabotaging your friends .
there are also many community levels to download as well as a level editor but honestly i 'm just totally uninterested in this one. it 's got really good ratings though .
lots of people suggest it it looks fun enough it may not be my cup of tea but do n't pass on it .
check it out and see if it 's the game you 're looking for .
sorry this got so long but i got carried away tbh
based on keywords in the title it appears you have submitted a post that involves medical advice a personal circumstance questioin or an faq .
please note that medical advice requests and/or advice on diets pertaining to a medical condition are not allowed in the subreddit .
these kinds of questions should be directed to a relevant medical professional and not to random strangers on the internet .
individual advice posts also do not generate fruitful discussion for the whole subreddit .
refer to the rules stated in the sidebar and the rules post at the top of the subreddit .
search the subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/search ? q=topic restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all
if this is not related to a medical or physical condition a personal circumstance question use the post at the top of the sub or an faq then message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnutrition with a kindly worded appeal that includes the link for this post and we will consider it .
if it is about a personal situation pertaining to what you eat but not about a medical condition then use the r/nutrition personal nutrition discussion post at the top of the subreddit .
important appeal requests to modmail will not be considered if they fail to meet these two requirements .
be made only in cases where the post meets the stated subreddit rules posting requirements there are no exceptions except those specifically provided in the rule
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nutrition if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's quite easy ... just choose the tile coordinate set bing as a provider set 17 as zoom level and generate all the levels .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
you 're thinking of modernism a movement that centred around a general feeling that the artistic techniques of many forms literature and painting particularly were n't sufficient to deal with the rise of modernity and that new and experimental forms were needed to sufficiently capture it .
as well as eliot and williams who you rightly name there 's writers like james joyce virginia woolf gertrude stein h.d. ezra pound all wonderfully creative writers and thinkers .
i have done this with wood/metal/concrete and there is no gap .
from a full size walkway add a full size wall add corridor add another wall add landing pad delete walls and corridor not landing pad add full walkway to current walkway finally add two small walkways to bridge the gap to the landing pad .
edit i think my second last image is confusing .
first add a big walkway then the two smaller ones is probably what i should have said .
it 's trivially easy to determine someone 's gender with a dna test .
it 's one of the easiest things to test for .
becuase the assholes have money to fund campaigns in which everybody else gets sorta drowned out .
that 's the reason the only two parties that have ever won elections have been either strictly democrat or republican becuase any other parties often with better candidates and more sound views ca n't afford as much campaigning and end up falling into obscurity
i hate to be that '' guy but honestly looking into reducing the time your son spends with the grandmother is maybe something you might want to reconsider .
it 's clear she will continue to indoctrinate your son she wo n't stop so you have to make a decision what do you prefer that your son gets indoctrinated or that you risk causing a rift in your extended family ?
it 's one or the other only you know what 's the best thing to do .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
you managed to press e and w before you died ?
that 's farther than i 've ever reached before getting nuked into oblivion .
explains a lot about him lying and supporting the conald
mange av kongehusets turer til utlandet er jo ikke ferieturer .
det er ofte i forbindelse med representasjon og fremming av norske interesser .
but hey we do n't need eric karlsson right guys ?
myers ca n't even beat out folin and macdonald .
it tells me that he 's nowhere near a top defenseman .
except i 'm not a fan and we all know it 's what he 's thinking .
they ca n't even get snes games to work on older 3ds models .
there are a lot of thru-hikers i 've run into that are independently wealthy and can do that .
a lot that do that also recognize that thru-hiking as diminishing returns and so want to return back to society to be productive in some way .
the other thing to note those costs would net-out to zero in terms of the cost calculator as you 'd be making that money in both the off-trail '' world and the on-trail '' world .
at this point mccoy knows he 's getting fired and is just fuckin around
we just want to remind you of some important rules
definitions of these terms can be found in the legitimacy policy https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/policy .
that includes pokémon obtained from wonder trade the gts and passerby trades and may also include trades on other websites or with friends .
full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny event or competitive legendary pokémon .
if your post violates any of these rules please edit it as appropriate and read the rules in full https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules before posting again .
otherwise your post will be removed by a moderator .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
i just hope we do n't have to wait until dlc 2 to see more primis
nah man you ca n't invest in long comments .
long stories will get ignored just as often as short ones .
you need to invest your time in spreading yourself everywhere if you really want the karma train to arrive .
videos hosted on reddit are removed please rehost on imgur gfycat etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
i still call it type 2 since i started playing in the mid-90s and i secretly loved that it differentiates from the other cards games .
i still call them local/global enchantments too.. because i 'm an ass i guess .
my store has a fb group for sharing hours/coordinating shifts and we made this our official header image .
if you do n't like spaghetti and meatballs why do n't you get the hell out
i saw it but i just did this by reference to the real logo .
i actually was n't even going to do this .
its not like if previous tournament arcs forgot what they are about .
even the u6 vs u7 tournament arc knew that is was a fun tournament and never forgot that .
the top arc failed to do everything right that literally every previous arc did better .
that 's right up there with marty 's 2ot cup winner for classic kings moments .
i think we 'll see a female in the nfl some day .
i think we 'll see one in the nba some day .
since you are n't counting a specialty pitcher what 's left ?
females are at a huge disadvantage with power so that 'll leave out any position that is expected to bring more with the bat than the glove and standard pitching .
they have a disadvantage in speed so that cancels out the skilled positions ...
that leaves maybe catcher if you do n't mind one with a weak bat and that has trouble gunning down runners at 2nd ?
edit yeah i think a female kicker or punter for the nfl or an 11th/12th man on an nba team are both far more likely than a non-knuckleball mlb position .
lets see if ncsu can make an upset happen .
great design but i remember reading that an animal facing in the opposite direction of its flag 's hoist symbolises cowardice is there any truth to this ?
i like that your first instinct is to believe the best though its refreshing to see optimism and positivity
especially since the ear/ons/golden state killer was caught through a genealogy website it makes it easier to catch them .
the post-soviet economy functioned primarily on outdated manufacturing until the oil booms meaning that consumer goods were still being produced at or above previous standards .
western appliances were available but the ruble crashed so so much that they were out of the question for many folks for a long time for some perspective money was worth so little that people used it as fuel or to wallpaper their houses .
in reality we jerry-rigged furniture from wood scraps broken furniture and fabric/cushions .
futons were extremely popular because anyone can make a comfortable mattress-pile-thing even without knowing a woodworker .
our family had a number of decent quality wooden chairs that actually lasted for a good ten years albeit fixed up a bunch of times and i seem to recall many families had a couple pieces of fancy furniture that the grandpa would smoke his pipe in or something .
there 's a fantastic russian comedy called the twelve chairs '' about greed shame and desperation .
i highly recommend it if you 're familiar/okay with the dry cynical brand of russian humour .
there still a league minimum which equates to a bunch of no decisions
you want the action when you have position the rest of the hand
i 'm more of an after work kind of guy but ok
hello so i 'm looking for a new pair of headphones around the ear ones and i was wondering if any of you had any recommendations ?
my main concern is sound quality i 've been using bose for a while due to their sound clarity and comfort as i will be playing for 3 hours or so minimum while using discord .
i do n't really care about a special mic or anything .
an unobtrusive mic like the one on apple wired headphones for example is all i need .
sriracha can be made by machine but it 's more traditionally blended and sieved for a very similar consistency .
as long as you 're willing to spend the time to push the thick mixture through with a spoon that should do the job .
people will tell you that you are a noob or pussy for using certain weapons or items shotguns dmrs aek c4 claymores ir/flir rockets grenade launchers etc .
this will not stop other people from killing you repeatedly with those same weapons/gadgets .
yeah that 's what we 've been asking for ...
come on we already know they do n't have any story writers at blizzard anymore .
how are they going to make anything worth watching on netflix ?
well he 's dead and i 'm alive so i 'm not too concerned with what he thinks .
all the contractors we work for we send them the bill and then they pay us .
a lot of people seem to say your getting hosed but i 'm my area east coast us this is n't that uncommon .
reposting a post from top 25 of all time or that has been posted in the last 3 months .
if you believe this was done in error you can message us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffellowkids and we 'll get back to you as fast as possible !
so what you 're telling me is that i should use g=20 just to be safe ?
of course the government is here but there are so many companies in dc and the surrounding dmv area .
3rd in tech cities according to forbes last year .
rumors of amazon and possibly apple building headquarters right outside dc .
should n't be too much of a difference in salary but good luck finding nice housing in nyc without paying a ton or getting a roommate .
you can get a nice house right outside of dc for decent price plus great area to raise a family .
also have your choice of lifestyle you can stay inside dc for fast pace lifestyle or move right outside dc for a move relax pace .
i think if you just had a look for 'flared drop bars ' you 'd find options ... do n't forget if you change the bars you also need to change the brake/shifters etc .
dj with his helmet off just sitting on the bench
was n't condescending at all they were encouraging him to shoot the ball and whatever happens happens .
the worst this is that its not a sunday game .
its a thursday game shown on tv amazon prime nfl app and twitch .
i mean i get the argument basically saying people at lower income scales have less discretionary so 5 percent of total is more punitive .
but this idea that theres this unlimited pot of money at the 1 mil of income plus of income is just a fairytale .
not to mention the tax code should not be for punishing people .
i agree with most of whats being said objective physical traits or personal philosophy ... i would add that the most attractive quality in a guy i would think being a dude myself is that you 're willing to invest in yourself whether it be time money effort etc .
if you are willing to take care of yourself physically socially economically and spiritually you 'll just be confident enough to not ask questions like this .
aim to be a wholesome complete person which is an objectively attractive thing .
care about things especially yourself and you 'll feel attractive enough to attract the right people romantic or otherwise to you
not sure about breed but it 's a bitch for sure .
it 's been so long since i 've seen us pop a hr into the crawford boxes makes me sad ...
why the fuck is chase edmonds mike mccoy 's feature back ? ?
you 're already going to get all the blowjobs you want now you want reddit points too ? ?
no idea probably some weird problem he has with girls .
my comment was intended to say he 's a uni lecturer i do n't think he should be in politics but the american zeitgeists look poisonous to pretty much everywhere else in the world so any help is help and he is n't radicalising do he is n't doing much damage ''
i 'm not interested in christianity but the bible is an interesting book as long as you have someone smart to unpack it for you .
and his analysis of yungean psychology is nice and easy to follow too .
i 'm not going to make up a reason for him talking about forced monogamy but i will tell you that some people say and think silly things that does n't make them evil or even bad for that matter .
no one is evil there 's no such thing there isnt even any good there just is and you should try to have fun while you are .
1060 6gb 16gb ram and ryzen 5 1500x all overclocked .
and before you ask no the overclocking does not cause the fps drops i have turned the overclock off and got even less fps .
in 1.12.2 i get over 200fps if not much more in 1.13 and 1.13.1 i can barely get 40 .
i have allocated 8gb ram in the launcher and it only helped a little .
i agree they should definitely be more transparent with their bleed damage .
the only way i am aware of receiving actual bleed damage numbers is to lower a bleeding target 's hp extremely low to make sure the target dies immediately starting his/her turn from the bleed s effect .
i met him once at a horror convention in chicago .
then it swapped to a drive in where they showed all the evil dead movies and the guy who created puppet master was there with his puppets .
he also made fun of my best friend and i for being from tennessee .
love the black uniforms probably one the best in the league
it 's how painful and dignified and beneficial the treatment is .
that decision should be up to the patient not the patient 's government .
yes like a normal human being i have feelings that i express .
the desdain you seem to feel for emotions probably is n't healthy in the long term .
would be more impressive if the were n't both playing the exact same thing .
the story the music the scenery the expedience with which the villain is dispatched .
if the good guy is a true hero he 'll get the job done in 90 seconds or less .
then after that any time you 're actually offline it complains that it can not log in and kicks you back to the credentials screen .
you ca n't even get to the settings menu to set the device to 'offline ' first .
to say it 's a terrible experience that just did n't work is an understatement .
de you guys really do n't seem to care much about your pc gamepad players .
have n't been able to melee block from reading other reports it 's anything mapped to left trigger ?
since chimera came out and auto install does n't work at all .
it says to hit y and it does nothing .
tested with multiple statues and i have enough stars .
i wish thursday night football joe buck would be every other broadcast joe buck .
this is what i get when i click on that link https i.postimg.cc/r09zsx9x/screenshot-20181018-201809-chrome.jpg
i want a father who can teach me sick wrestling moves while talking about anime .
how does one determine around the world on a bicycle ?
your headline wording is atrocious sorry and this is the normal method for badge removal so i 'm not quite understanding what you are trying to point out here ?
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=what is the scariest movie made in the past couple of years ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the complaint about the sound is pretty common but i 'm glad it can be fixed !
it looks pretty nice but it has to have a decent roar too haha
i put pricechecks in the wrong section of the title .
i just bought the cbp after having that same debate with myself .
the screen and stylus are totally insane it 's fast and buttery has pen tilt and rotation and i comfortably float between laptop tent and tablet .
people also claimed it was too heavy as a tablet but my experience has been that it 's exactly like holding a hardbound sketchbook .
they also said it stuttered too and if you open a bunch of android apps and leave them there you might run into issues but that would be a wasteful habit on any devices .
i just love turning this into whatever form i feel like having .
no it 's more than convenient it 's like specifically really fun for me .
i was so scared it would be a disappointment but instead it 's this awesome versatile all-in-one thing and it 's even funner in the beta channel though i ended up turning that off because it was creating sync issues when i went to add my boyfriend 's account .
i ca n't speak for the x2 at all but i will say the chromebook pro is available new or open box for around 400 and it is actually more helpful to have the attached keyboard than you would guess .
i think i appreciate that i ca n't leave the keyboard in a bag or forget it at home .
oh and a huge bonus samsung was not allowed to screw up chrome os with their junkware so it 's got the great build with none of the bloat .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
only 100 orbs so far but pitty broken by a spd def mist .
i think i am really bad with judging fragrances !
no one else will be able to completely understand your tastes .
you may not be able to describe it but the only thing you need to know is whether you like it .
to answer your original question i suggest you go with your favourite of the bunch and adjust it for performance .
test it on-skin take note of how long and how much it projects and adjust the number of sprays you would wear accordingly .
more than a handful and still sit high on your chest !
i do n't agree that single member districts will necessarily cause the gridlock you describe .
but what i have read in publicly available peer reviewed papers is that smds tend to lead to less descriptive candidates .
for example all districts might have white representatives despite 40 of the community 's total population being african american or hispanic .
this can occur due to gerrymandering or voter suppression — even voter disenfranchisement through sustained advertising and propaganda campaigns .
despite this it appears that smds actually do lead to a reduction in outside money and better representatives for each district .
on the other hand multi-member districts tend to be more descriptive .
of course context means everything and i 'm not well informed about how our districts are carved up demographically economically etc so i ca n't really speculate as to what the effect will be for us .
but many of the voices that i trust are supporting smds in sarasota and the negatives that i 've seen in the research do not outweigh the reduction in outside money/influence in my opinion .
so i 'm leaning toward a yes at this point and intend to vote on monday .
but if you ask me this will have less of an impact if it passes than if we had sweeping campaign finance reform .
we need to get the money out of politics if we ever expect to prevent corruption .
canadian citizenship confirmed in the traditional canadian way via apology .
cold battery reduces range somewhat but ev cars work in low temperatures perfectly .
norway will buy them as fast as they can be produced .
see yt videos for tests in low temperatures ex .
there are cards like wildfire and then are cards like thoughts of ruin and wake of destruction that cruelly swing ... you might try building a ramp deck of your own r/g or jund colors and use the additional mana to play land destruction ...
ca n't the turret be a missile pod or an sms ?
he and matt were surprise entrants in a three-way tag ladder match .
you do not want to wind up in back of that van .
true but they would do it for more money ?
as long as the chucks keep going in i guess lol
maybe somebody did to her what i did to a friend of mine signed her up for the mailing list without telling her .
i did this like five years ago and he 's still getting them .
looking at his stats in his 61 game career he has kick 3 goals 4 times and 4 goals once .
also noting that his career game high tally for behinds is 3 which he has achieved only once with 2 behinds 4 times .
in regards to marks per game he has taken 8 only once and 6 marks on 6 occasions .
he is going to be 23 at the start of next season so he is young enough to see improvement still but i am not seeing coleman medal material here as he is averaging not even a goal a game in any season so far .
to even think of a coleman medal i would expect him to be at jesse hogan 's level who is only 6 months older and played only 10 games more .
jesse has kicked more than 5 goals on 7 occasions and is averaging over 2 goals per game whilst having long lay-offs for back stress fractures and cancer which would have delayed his development a lot .
i 'm not sure about the sizing yet but i 'll check it out and pm !
deco is one of the best players in the team !
tell me the commenter on that page comparing patches to tatar is n't one of ours .
i upvoted both but damage point to the other guy haha .
if you do n't have an aversion to it go to your local refuse store or op shop .
the amount of people who get good blenders given to them/think they have bought a miracle change in diet use it once give it away it 's staggering .
sliding into someone 's dm is the new way of asking someone out now .
so much easier i hope 🤞 it 's a yes
i feel like most guys typically lean towards giving other guys the benefit of the doubt when it comes to possibly being creepy to a girl .
cuz most guys cringe at some of the crap they 've said during awkward conversations with women in the past .
it 's when the creepiness is continued behavior that it is an actual issue .
most people can smooth over awkward/creepy behavior in a 5 or 10 minute conversation .
it 's during the quick situations where people read things wrong so easily .
we just saw it a couple minutes ago i wonder why they do n't have quicker access to that .
it means that it 's worse than any other respectable melee weapon in the game ?
i know it 's not terrible but it 's far more efficient to use other melees .
1 was good 2 was alright 3 was garbage and 4 was great .
i 'm in a desperate win now mode i have had the best offense 2 years in a row but the 28th and 32nd defense those years all because my line backing core was garbage
she was n't a teacher but she worked for the public school system for 20-years .
living proof that education does not transfer by osmosis ...
yeah personally i would like the idea of socialism much more than either capitalism or communism .
i 'm not sure i can do it another three months 😳
i will give you a free 40 dollars if im wrong get at me lalo and kim alive in gene timeline lalo will use kim somehow to get at gene if im wrong you get free money
eh i 've been doing that since crunchyroll got that controversy with high guardian spice .
ours was whoever gets the ball stuck on the roof wins .
alright is communication related to relationships in this case ?
22 years old.umm sorry lady nobody thinks you should be controlling '' me at this age
yeah let 's take away her uniqueness by giving her bound spell to someone else ...
there 's no reason red duke ca n't use living bretonnians in his army like how vlad is getting some empire units .
but not ghostly knights that would ruin cylostra 's unique ability .
except they would not call it anarcho-communism a state socialist would call it just communism although it means the same thing anarcho-communism indicates that no part of your strategy entails establishment of dotp whereas 'communism ' is much more open to different strategic approaches .
the reason they call themselves communists is because they are striving toward communism not because they consider their societies in statist form to actually be communist .
stalin would call himself a commie really he 'd call himself a marxist-leninst but he 'd acknowledge that the ussr at the time was not a 'communist state ' as that is an impossible oxymoron but a socialist state striving toward communism although as i said i do n't believe stalin actually sought full communism .
wealth reduces as it is shared but peace love and knowledge expand with usage !
let me know if you have any other questions .
hoping the anonymous comrade reveals him/herself to express why they disagree .
i imagine a troll with a cloak and staff at the national park entrance grunting you shall not passss ... . ''
wait i am realizing i am almost a month late on this but was there any black growing on your pots ?
or just white streaks where the water seeped out from ?
the white may have simply been from mineral deposits seeping out of the pot through the terra cotta .
the reality is that ksa has the us in its pocket and if we get tough with ksa trump will get tough with canada .
actually i 've been producing over a decade and the first couple years were exclusively on fl .
it only has one instance of a sample you have to clone it to alter it .
if i remember later i 'll bring this shit into sony vegas and unfuck it
i only set one alarm but when it comes time to wake up i always turn it off and set another one for an hour later .
ok i can now tell you i am a mobile user
not quite complete yet but hopefully in the next few weeks i 'll have it done
ghost firearms 10.5 complete upper w mlkok handguard and flash can
not pictured is magpul mbus sights i received earlier today
that would n't crack my list of top 1000 of ways that trump has proven himself unfit .
so yeah i 'd let it go in favor of focusing on his incompetence graft and treason .
submissions must be direct links to images on i.imgur.com or i.redd.it .
when using imgur simply right-click the image select open in a new tab '' and submit that url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/modelsgonemild if you have any questions or concerns .
i want to add one more point that i forgot from all my rambling .
the second is some concept we picked a long time ago and stuck with .
but thanks to pendulums then flywheels now atomic clocks the second is the most precisely defined arbitrary concept known to man .
we need the second to define what a meter is and we need a meter to define what a degree centigrade is .
we need the second to define what the speed of light is in terms of numbers we can use and not just a letter for theoretical physicists .
therefore time is simply what we all agree it is and right now we agree that an array of 300 metal boxes atomic clocks are genuinely unimpressive looking from the outside scattered around the world which shoot microwaves at a small ball of ions bouncing up and down in vacuum each of which has a weight coefficient tied to it for averaging across all the systems gives us our definition of the second .
edit and since i avoided the hardest-to-answer part of your question they probably all do have fundamental flaws but those flaws often cancel out .
not only that but the decision was basically made to say that atomic clocks are good enough for our purposes so we do n't care about issues like that . ''
there are a number of research groups around the world with lofty ambitions for improving and replacing cesium atomic clocks such as the strontium experiment i mentioned .
others include thorium calcium mercury ... basically just throw a dart at the periodic table .
science has come a long way in the 60 years since the first atomic clocks were built .
wow looking at the card closely for the first time everything appears 13 times from the number of logs in the fireplace to the number of planks on the ceiling
the problem is it 's rare nowadays for people to believe that good faith disagreement on any important issue is even possible .
the left thinks the right is a sock puppet for the super-rich the right thinks the left just wants free shit i 'm not saying both those claims are equally true btw .
therefore if a journalist looks out the window and sees that it 's raining and you look out the window and see that it 's not your first reaction is n't to wonder which one of you has made an honest mistake in judgment and to praise the journalist for being willing to take a definite stance it 's to immediately assume the journalist is actually a disinformation agent of an elaborate political scheme .
if you believe that your beliefs are the only rational option then in your mind a journalist is only successfully being unbiased if they agree with you or at least do n't explicitly disagree with you .
you want journalists to be perfectly rational objective and apolitical .
except ... .that 's what you think you are .
and that 's what the other side thinks they are .
journalists should be more willing to take a firm stance on the facts but only so long as they agree with me .
if the entire country is saying that is it really any surprise journalists often shy away from saying anything at all ?
it 's not deep down what the country actually wants .
so for elo yes but as far as i know renown is point-based plus bonuses for things like winning .
i noticed my daily seed rewards were n't showing last two nights however when i checked coin balance they were there they just show up in transactions .
people are allowed to carry guns in the us but not 11-year-old children .
what i gathered from the video is that they most likely had it out and visible prompting the police call .
this video is not about the cop not shooting the kids it 's about his interaction with them once he de-escalated the situation .
he gave them a stern but reasonable talking to about not putting themselves in situations when they very well could be shot by a police officer might i add with not terrible cause i mean someone suspected carrying a firearm reaching for their waist very well could be pulling a weapon with intent to cause harm .
i 'm calling out warren for her bullshit not supporting trump in any way .
this is n't a win-lose situation it 's a warren was knowingly stretching the truth to the public situation and i think that 's wrong .
elizabeth warren absolutely has a native ancestor '' according to stanford dna expert carlos bustamonte .
https www.cnbc.com/video/2018/10/15/sen-elizabeth-warren-has-dna-test-to-determine-native-american-ancestry.html will that end this ridiculous conversation once and for all or nah ?
do you really care about the truth or just about roasting senator warren ?
wo n't have a chance to play it until tomorrow but super stoked to finally have a fuzz !
yeah i 've surfed boards with fatter tails and i was n't a fan i just felt like i was dragging .
i might be able to demo one soon and see how i like it before spending the money on it .
i can send you an app if you 'd like .
could we argue that crazy frog was a factor in the creation of mumble rap ?
games appearing with the linux symbol on the store will run natively with no trickery .
any game that can currently be played with steams wine setup is not marked as a linux supported title on the store yet .
there could also be another set of stairs on the other side of the lobby .
i 've seen some older buildings with weird layouts like that .
i laughed so hard at this in real life surrounded by people on the train .
he was not shot in the head and he was not shot with a pistol either
he 's head looks like what elastiman would look like stretched .
f/sn is a h-game with multiple possible endings based on your choice as you are progressing the story as emiya .
consider sn ubw and hf are the 3 major routes with 3 totally different endings .
yep you can definitely go about what i listed above then .
you can also .. do the major compounds 4btimes a week in addition to accessories .
like 531 2 times a week plus jim 's accessory recommendation .
am i the only one who 's refreshing the college board page for the past 3 hours ?
she definitely sucked as a person in those episodes .
telling michaela to be careful and that the nsa is watching them ... while on the phone with her .
as if the nsa has n't tapped their phones .
what in the world are you talking about suicide for ?
lots of people especially queer people have families who betray their responsibility to love their children .
if i am going to hell anyways for being this way
can you make it to a church like this https www.gaychurch.org where we fags dykes and libtards praise the god who loves us ?
please visit talk to people and ask for a private conversation with the pastor .
there are people out here who have the antidote .
3 months or so after the release of fortnite stw there was a drought of content .
frequent updates '' were small and seemed more focused on nerfs instead of improvements .
many players lost interest there was a clear lack of direction and communication between the current player base and dev team .
then br came out and confused everyone who played the game at the time .
it was unannounced and was in stark contrast to anything currently in game .
we 'll never truly know for sure but i believe if the community was listened too resources were put solely into stw and there was no drought of communication or content early on this game would be popular on it 's lonesome .
i actually thought about build the wind drunken master for this rift until i pulled hwahee
i had totally forgotten about that but i was referring to chapter 15 of the main series
i ca n't see why dabi would hate endeavour so much if it was n't personal and zi do n't count oh i was close friends with your son/received your dead son 's quirk '' as personal or as engaging as the alternative .
thank you so much this upload really made my week .
you can get look up the higher grounds or if you are getting flanked from very deep locate the nearest teammate you can find for help but most of the times ure dead if that situation is created .
but those words are stupid and hold no meaning so i 'm going to call them what they look like .
you are addressing them with a gender that 's different from their birth sex .
you might not call them trans but trans is simply the prefix that tells us that their gender is different from their sex .
it 's a helpful label even if you do not like it .
my boyfriend is the same and i fucking love it .
he 's like a huge warm soft teddy bear .
had a lot of fun watching your little presentation .
if you are open to some suggestions regarding the exile how about a cast on death templar ?
as others have said the usb-c fast charge cable .
however there is a more acceptable compromise not even a compromise really and that is just get a 12 watt ipad charger .
it 's nearly as quick and 1/3rd the rate retails at 15 dollars or so and can use the existing cable .
it 's only 10-15 min slower to charge my x to full when am not using the wireless chargers and is more than decent enough to get a quick topoff if you need to head out .
you were the clock that was ticking in my heart
now that i google him and seen his face ...
edit and i guess it 's fine to find people to buy an item
you 're just one of the peasants they build their wealth off of .
kind of a shame that there are hundreds of thousands of people working hard for a degree as a product of their education to secure their future but an alternative means of acquisition is just buy a degree lol ''
again troll i was comparing rape with made to penetrate because they are classed separately .
comes faster than you think because time flies when you 're having fun !
hard to side with dana because he 's like 7/8ths tomato but the diaz bros are n't easy to work with .
imagine if you run the ufc and you 've got these guys who 1 say controversial shit or downright disparage your company regularly and 2 just do n't show up to media and other shit that everyone else does .
i do n't blame dana for saying fuck it i 'll wait until i do n't need to deal with this shit .
and for nate dude i get it but fucking fight .
you 're not going to be able to do this forever and you 're a draw .
fight out your contract and go to bellator or whever the money flows .
sitting and home during your best years is n't gon na do you any favors .
just a joke about how decider ca n't be targeted for attacks by level 6 or higher monsters
this early in the game you wo n't be able to get the mayor without gemming heavily .
the chapter 2 and 3 token prices for him will go up quite a bit .
overall i would expect him to cost at least 27-28k .
that said the featured characters jack aladdin and the mad hatter and their attractions for each chapter are intended to be accessible to newer players .
i would buy jack and level him up as much as you can while using him on the tower .
he was nailing pull up 3s in the preseason .
d. old people who are scared of migrants and social progress who do n't want to admit they are being tricked into becoming fascists by politicians who want to exploit their fear and use it to take more power from the people and isolate themselves from legal scrutiny .
we strive to create a '' united front '' for all small youtubers under our banner .
it has been hard for small youtubers these days so we are trying to empower ourselves to have a chance in the platform with the big channels .
young grasshopper your submission might take days or even months to be featured or even not at all but be patient young one .
consider yourself as part of the family in our factory and keep producing good content .
you should interact with other people on the sub .
if you want others to view your content you should start viewing other 's content on this sub and give constructive feedback to others .
if you start doing it then everyone else will .
watching our latest video https ltstyt.be industrialized entirely commenting significantly increases your chance of getting picked .
disclaimer you have to watch the entire video before you comment or it does not count .
if you do n't stay subscribed to our youtube channel chances are that your content will not get promoted on our subreddit .
if you are n't subscribe now https www.youtube.com/channel/uclk-180zel41gc1ujbzj7og ? sub_confirmation=1 to increase the chance of getting featured on our subreddit youtube channel and twitter !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/industrialized if you have any questions or concerns .
i tend to buy stuff for my bits online or at simply pressure not patel 's minimart .
in an era where tracks are produced by committee and honed by focus groups nothing but thieves are a rare beast indeed – a band with the talent integrity and vision to create heartbreakingly beautiful music entirely on their own terms .
nothing but thieves ' origins lie in schoolmates conor vocals joe guitar and dave 's drums efforts in a variety of bands in their hometown of southend essex .
inspired by artists as diverse as ray charles and led zeppelin foo fighters and arcade fire they gained valuable experience on the local live circuit even if they were n't going to change the world .
then dom joined their school in the sixth form and everything went up a notch .
a classically trained guitarist from the age of six dom brought a musicality and learning to the table which made everyone sit up and take notice .
not that this puts him on a pedestal with his bandmates .
they all agree that it 's the mix of his formal training with joe 's self-taught chops which lies at the heart of the nothing but thieves sound .
as dom puts it joe knows shit-all about theory and that 's the best thing about him ... if it sounds good it sounds good .
knowing the ‘right ' way to play is all very well but dom continues you want a million different options for the next chord .
it 's a sentiment you feel sure would have been shared by the band 's foremost influence jeff buckley whose rip-up-the-rulebook approach conor describes simply as effortless genius .
buckley 's legacy has loomed large over the last 20 years of alternative music and there 's no point denying his influence on nothing but thieves .
it 's there in dom and joe 's intricate guitar lines and unusual chord progressions and most obviously in conor 's soaring angelic vocals .
yet although the band readily acknowledge their debt to the late singer-songwriter they have spent the three years since their formation developing their craft to the point where their sound and style is very much their own .
like all the best things however it took time and effort to perfect .
crucial to this process was a six-week trip to the states in 2012 .
feeling they were stagnating in familiar surroundings the band embarked on a journey which took in la new york and nashville to work with songwriters and producers of the highest calibre .
joe refers to this simply as the best decision we 've ever made as a band .
they returned energised inspired and most important of all accomplished songwriters in their own right .
from this point on the songs came tumbling out each seemingly better than the last .
the rate of progress was such that they 'd find themselves embarrassed by tunes they 'd written just two weeks previously .
once the proverbial tap had been turned on it seemed there was no stopping the flow of creativity .
it 's a flow which continues unabated even now .
days before they were due to record their self-financed debut ep a new song emergency came together in the studio which everyone felt was too good not to include .
no less an authority than radio 1 's zane lowe agreed insisting it be played on his show on the strength of one listen .
that these boys are writing material of such maturity and sophistication while barely out of their teens is astonishing .
that they 're doing it all outside the traditional music business framework is even more impressive still .
if they continue to grow at the current rate and there 's nothing to suggest otherwise the album should be very special indeed .
my most upvoted post not a comment hope it counts was to the community when i finally quit cigarettes .
reminds me suddenly that gta iv had one too ...
i 'm going to make my own swat video in that game .
the sidney lumet episode of fresh air is a banger though
sometimes i wonder if some of the people who play this game even like it .
investments go here only direct replies to me will be processed
to prevent thread spam and other natural disasters i only respond to direct replies .
other commands will be ignored and may be penalized .
the author of this post paid 250 memecoins to post this .
visit memes.market https memes.market for help market statistics and investor profiles .
se vuoi camminare nudo fino in siberia al posto del pane mettici la focaccia .
the vast majority of americans are only one medical emergency away from bankruptcy .
few americans have a safety net to fall back on .
that 's not the norm in the rest of the western world .
also worth taking into account which pieces would be hardest to clean up .
if you 're doing black next to yellow for example it 's much easier to clean up yellow spilled over black than the other way around
only those who hunt get a share of the meat no freebies .
break apart meat with real stones and not some sharp metal shit that lazy millenials are upto these days .
underrated comment you deserve recognition he set you up and you dunked .
welcome to the valley stay close to the 405 for that trip to santa monica 👍
i live in japan but i 'm only 100 fluent in english .
if you make an account in say japan super easy to do and you could probably find instructions from googling itunes account in japan '' you can download it and it 's entirely in english .
hit me up if you 're interested in more and i can try to work you through how to do it and invite you to my guild .
i think you 'd love the game cause the second i saw your post i thought i must tell him about brown dust '' only to find someone else did .
if you are playing elemental damage builld spell or attack and lacking boss dps you want the penetration which is pretty rare and hard to get .
if you play crit build and do n't need leech/regen you get the crit .
attack speed and extra movement speed are also nice for some chars .
adds elemental damage to attacks if you have n't killed recently is also good against bosses if you do n't feel like running tens of runs to get the penetration .
you should always get optimal boot enchant for your char because they are pretty easy to get minus penetration which is quite rare .
only time you do n't need is when you are running build that requires you to get 40res from two-toned boots .
that thing looks like it curves into his junk lol
you can pick as many essences as you want so you can pick all of them if you like !
it 's not one extra cyoa per essence it 's pick as many extra cyoas as you want no matter what .
so if you pick zero essences you can still do as many other extra cyoas as you want .
triggerhappy jaberwocky who originally conceived the concept of the essences wrote those guidelines he 's definitely all about removing limitations from the player lol .
jumped from ubuntu to arch and by doing so i was forced to learn a lot .
moon druid with sailing/pirate flavor text is one i 've done with a bit of fun if you limit yourself to aquatic shapes or talk to your dm about reflavoring some of the shapes to aquatic creatures brown bear bull seal or something .
you get giant octopus pretty early on which is always fun to rp with and pretty effective for restraining enemies for your teammates to pummel .
could be a pretty effective captain if your go to inimidation move is the turn into a giant octopus and dangle dissenters overboard .
i actually ended up mounting it in place with some zipties for now ...
it 's crazy that it only costs less than 40 .
it works perfectly shines bright white light the high beam is very powerful too .
i also got the version that is black inside and i painted the old chrome headlight casing with black matte plasti dip too so the whole headlight is black and looks mean now .
it 's definitely a very very good option for the money .
it was created by richard garfield and some others .
i travel to brooklyn from werribee on the freeway 5/6 days a week early in the morning and often see them braking when there is nothing in front of them
my guess is that jake told shane he did n't want him to keep any information about his mom in the videos after the first few episodes were released .
you 'll notice they made practically no mention of her in this final episode except that she cried when jake moved to la .
we are always the hero in our own story .
quote is from somewhere do n't remember where but here is my interpetation .
no matter how society view our action we can justiefiy any action we make .
from societys perspektiv he is wrong but from his perspektiv he is the true hero who rids this world from a tyrannt .
i talked to your son on family day i know all about your gambling !
if you are getting a 2700x you probably wo n't get great benefit from a manual overclock pb2 will drive your single core clock well up for gaming .
you probably wo n't be able to get 4.3ghz on all cores with a manual overclock
the iar part was made by fabric donated by like 50 people and there was also a peach on the m for impeach .
when i moved out of my parents house and in with my boyfriend at that time .
there was lot of growing up as i realized what it took to keep an apartment clean food on the table and the lights on .
god it was hard but it was also one of the happiest times of my life so far .
almost 5 months later i moved back in with my parents and he moved into what use to be his grandfathers house .
the grandfather having just passed and left a huge mess he was going to clean up the property .
i moved in with him again for about 8 months and there was even more personal growth as we tried to resurrect this property that meant so much to him .
durning that time i realized i was n't just a tomboy i am transgender .
the relationship died slowly from lots of things but the last few nails in the coffin was that he was 100 straight and i wanted to start being called he and him now i 'm living with my family again and while i 'm not as happy as i was in that tiny first apartment i love myself more and i feel more mentally healthy then i have since i hit puberty .
i 'm dating a different guy now and i 'm hopeful that i 've found love that will accept me as i am but that will also grow and stretch as i grow as a person for the rest of my life .
hairspray is to make your hair stay exactly where it is .
would be more appropriately named hairstay ... if you brushed it out that would defeat the purpose of the spray rendering it ineffective .
it also sprays in a fine mist and not clumps so there is no need to brush it out .
it 's like saying people who make fun of the girl 's dumb opinions are funded by soros .
sorry i know basic facts about the atmosphere bro .
personally and speaking from experience i 'd learn latin .
gives you an immediate head start on three of those other languages french spanish portuguese .
also gives you a very thorough grounding in grammatical terms and gets you used to declining nouns which you 'll have to do in german as well and conjugating verbs which you have to do in most languages .
bonus you do n't have to travel anywhere to become fluent !
i did n't translate any obscene poetry but that 'll be because i studied it from the age of 11 .
arabic and chinese/japanese are potentially useful and interesting but very hard and you 'll maybe get frustrated by how slow the progress is .
i tried these when they were still in stock in stores .
a size up fitted better than true to size .
out of interest where have you found some of the eg 1461s ?
codeine can leave within 4 days but i know many people that take 6-7
pls tell them not everyone wants to use darkness it 's out of character for many guardians
hope you have fun in you sticky diplomatic mission wonder how does it feel to discus global trade with your dick in some dudes ass and a pussy in your mouth
i have a large flint for anal use given that i 'm male so my advice is dont force it stretch and lubricate adequately .
it 's not illegal i 've had it served in the states before .
americans like me just like to freak out about things they do n't understand and/or are n't familiar with .
man dmc 3 mgr bloodborne and mgs 3 are all games in my backlog i ca n't wait to get to .
you are asking this from the company that gave us a gimped thunderbolt 3 with just 2 lanes on their xps 13/15 9360/9560 .
yeah i do n't expect much from dell in terms of latest tech
i am sure that shutenmaru is one of the samurai that kinemon talked about tho .
if you look at the hair of the shadows when kinemon gives the names it matches !
yep but dj was n't running up the middle every touch
it 's been five years since i graduated and it took me a while but i now spend more time looking forwards than i do wishing i was back at uni .
it 's just a massive lifestyle change that takes so adapting to .
use a little bit if sunscreen even if you do n't think the the sun is that strong today .
well at least they show you the orientation of the pieces on the cover !
if you look at the white one psychkitty posted theirs was the same as the cover it 's just rotated 180 degrees .
i would sort your pieces by tabs and that along with the pattern should narrow down putting it together .
e2a if the backs are 4 different patterns you could sort the puzzle into 4x 250 pieces puzzles .
that combined with sorting by shape and following the pattern will make it fly together .
he was willing to strand rose and mickey on that space station just for some tail even though he had promised rose he 'd look after her and not leave her behind like that .
i mean you 're probably gon na ban us all sooner or later .
i still have the sports illustrated issue with that infield on the cover .
i 've seen it quite a few times here .
75 years later and still no one has topped the choreography and performance of the nicholas brothers https youtu.be/fnkrm6h-qou in american film
and even if that was the case at most itd be an exaggeration
i do n't know if there was definitely military intelligence telling the president to not go into vietnam but they certainly warned us against war in iraq .
they use those crappy half van half bus things with the caucasian drivers in omsk ?
i preferred diablo 3 console version over pc but poe is already on xbox .
i imagine that if i ever felt suicidal if i read a message that says ‘you mean something ' it would probably make me think more about why i 'm suicidal .
seeing ‘do a flip faggot ' would probably deter me more .
i mean the cynicism is realistic but can i get a source on that ?
do n't fire stations have safe haven drop offs where people can leave newborns without repercussions ?
discord had 80 of steam 's users before steam chat update .
most users from now on may use internal chat instead of using external program .
i 'm really sorry to hear you 're going through that and it sounds really horrible .
i wish you both the best and that he receives the care he needs .
if you have any idea do you know how often he was doing a box a night ?
it seemed he was always on the ice tripping himself up or otherwise turning over the puck when they scored .
still hating on zombs and all you really use is opinion no facts just really pure opinion some people might agree some people might disagree but if u look between zombs and surivi '' zombs graphic 100x better then surivi we took time on are graphics '' and paying 10 for an outfit '' wow its people choice to buy it like i have my choice to do it and there free chest and daily chest to use anddd case closed you 're dismisses
u/morejpeg_auto does n't seem to answer you so i 'll help out
as a teacher i hear most of the children talk about pretty much only fortnite all day when they can .
i like the game even though i have n't played for a month but it 's so easy for bright and shiny thumbnails caps lock titles and a big red arrow pointing to ninja to manipulate them for money gains .
hi due to rule 4 your comment has been removed .
please replace all www.reddit.com links with np.reddit.com links just replace the www '' with np '' .
if your comment is linking to the bullshit or a reply to bullshit your comment will not be approved .
if you relink the bs using a np link to evade moderation you will receive a ban .
once you have replaced the link contact the moderators and we will reapprove your comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quityourbullshit if you have any questions or concerns .
this is spot on your job is to manage officers mainly they deal with the micro managing .
i was a class officer in vanilla/bc and was tasked with recruiting the right people for the class team keeping everyone up-to-date on roles and guild requirements addons/consumables managing the class chat channel during raids etc .
once you find the right officers a weekly officer meeting should be enough to keep on top of everything .
actually every reserved seat in the house cost exactly the same so this dude paid the same good money as you did for his shitty seats .
not encouraging moving about but it 's not a question of cash it 's a question of luck .
i ca n't believe i was on the wilkes train .
that coaching staff has no idea what they 're doing and they may as well stop playing rosen before he gets hurt .
needless to say he 's vowed to never play again haha
why is my translucent skin tone not represented here ? !
sometimes i 'd like to shoot an rpg at a pumpkin but i ca n't because that 's illegal .
i have thus far managed to live an okay life despite that though .
your argument that we just should n't have any laws if anyone ever breaks them does n't hold water .
i watched it i just did n't clip it in the video just because turns out he was looking for me for a good 3-5 minutes
to be fair i would complain too if i had to share a house with ted .
and they 're 11 and 13 ... ... . as if open carry should fucking apply to children 🙄
yup i was banned from r/feminisms for talking about its transphobia in another sub https old.reddit.com/r/transphobiaproject/comments/6t36zc/rfeminisms_being_terfy_yet_again .
which is the best balance of ease of use and viability ?
i honestly just want to hit level 8 or whatever for the achievement just so i can go back to orochi .
visually tian di and shao lin are the top runners shao lin 's stance and shouting irritates me .
4 of us stocked up and built a sky track .
it does not take long with striker or southie to fill back up on mats .
slow guy flops on floor in middle of negotiation room
indeed the fusings contributed heavily to me burning out rng can be cruel do n't think i have anything left atm but one can always farm .
i might just wait till the league in december though to get things going again already requested a week off for that .
winged blade if he hit you with a chain u get sprint and winged gives you more ms so u can easier juke his chains .
beside that it is a cheap item with good value for gold
i like miller columns but have some problems with ranger too .
u/morejpeg_auto does n't seem to answer you so i 'll help out
jessa has an answer for everything and ca n't possibly ever be wrong .
anybody else would laugh at themselves accept their mistake and learn from it .
not jessa no stupid heathens wa-la is the american way it is you who are wrong .
meanwhile millions of people in the us are scratching their heads and going wa-la ?
you 'll probably get a better response posting this question in the ffrk sub .
how come nobody in the eu is taking greece to task for their petty attitude ?
could n't either the rescue loans or the migrant topic have been leveraged to force them to stop being babies over a name ?
i too run fcp as my main cedh deck http tappedout.net/mtg-decks/competitive-food-chain-prossh .
there is no room for that type of effect in a 29 land deck .
and secondly about imperial seal while it is certainly not the greatest tutor it is one of the few one mana ones .
in a deck whose game plan revolves around having 3 different pieces food chain an outlet and enough mana to combo out having access to as many tutors as possible to get the piece you 're missing is absolutely crucial .
ruling this card out on the basis of it being too slow when you 're already running really slow dorks like joraga tree speaker bloom tender and priest of titania seems strange to me .
if you really want to be fast you should n't be running any dorks that do n't tap for mana on turn two why are you not playing boreal druid ?
and increase consistency by including as many tutors as possible .
i notice you 're also not including diabolic intent and dimir machinations .
the latter of which seems insane in your meta because it ca n't be countered except by ability countering spells like trickbind .
how can you even play with such low sensitivity ... you ca n't even build with that .
meaning the action or habit of estimating something as worthless
lighter ammo is a good idea in an urban environment .
i started with chunks of rebar because it 's what i had at the time .
the rebar would cut straight through the old tshirt i used and knock a hole in my wooden fence .
they are a lot safer to use and you 'll lose fewer projectiles .
i 've just booked flights for myself next year on the back of this .
i 'll be sure to post a similar photo crediting you for the inspiration .
let me know when you have all the armor for all characters then you can talk about still not having a weapon .
if he lives there he needs to do housework .
especially if everyone else is also doing way more than they should
yeah no ... ..def not how it works in it if your expected to know your stuff off the bat .
i already do this at silver although i think it 's more like half the turn so i could probably learn to make even snappier turns than i already do .
also it depends on what i 'm actually trying to do .
sometimes holding powerslide for longer seems to work better for certain turns ca n't think of examples but i 'm sure there are occasional times .
one thing i almost never remember to do though is boost and slide at the same time .
it 's always one or the other and i find it super hard to control if i 'm trying to turn to hit the ball using powerslide .
otherwise i use it far more than half flipping and i think i 'm much more comfortable with powerslide than most other silver players .
i remember laughing my ass off as a kid when i saw the tent for the first time after actively avoiding money to see what would happen
i 've found some great music from fifa in the past but i 'll be honest with the more recent games it was really easy to mute the music and use spotify instead so i have missed most of it ...
i love lawbringer and while i do think he should get a rework i do n't think he needs it as badly as other heroes .
baler is going to be my choice i really believe .
is there any tips to save some money on surfboard rentals if staying like 2 weeks ?
is there any used surfboards available to buy in baler ?
do n't need to eat shit eat healthy filling meals and lift heavy .
i know you do n't like going over your calories but maybe increase to 1800 to start .
or try a decent protein shake continue with your current meal plan and have a couple shakes mixed in there too .
as for gaining muscle it 's all about lifting heavy but safe and getting that burn and pump .
squeeze the muscle on the contraction and control every rep. give it enough rest too .
since the forsaken offer now includes the first two dlcs since oct 16 i dont think the price gets reduces anytime soon .
a few weeks ago a literal grocery store platter of sushi got like 11k upvotes .
this sub is just garbage much like the food in this post .
tyne wear metro where it says lift on the floor of the platform is where each set of doors will open .
the funny thing is that the skinny '' woman is 100 just a healthy woman .
like not too skinny and a decent amount of muscle .
that 's actually more body positive than what we often get .
that looks like what i imagine when people talk about showing real women '' .
absolutely amazing i do n't play any of these beasts but you 've inspired me to give them a go !
i do n't know why ig decided to swap theshy for duke .
sounds like you are not into proportional sentencing so much after all .
depends wether the meeting is in sea or on land ...
but that is a long-running theme for goku and vegeta in super ?
how is her parents trying to help with mental dysphoria being an asshole ?
that 50 dark atk up is good in a dark team but the calling effect being random make it more like icing on the cake '' instead of friend in need '' cause you have no idea if you can roll it when you need it .
the call from nobiyo is universally useful especially that 20 gauge up which is a great bless to those ougi-centric teams that happens to be in the current meta .
that said i would still recommend narita as a free dark ssr summon to dark teams .
please make new accounts and post this once per week so epic takes it as a suggestion .
everything has to be political ffs people just love each other .
blacks are about 14.6 of the us population yet they commit over 50 of crimes according to us census bureau i would have to think a large part of the reason they 're stopped more is for that reason .
now i agree it 's not fair especially for petty crimes like getting caught with a little bit of weed but with numbers like that it 's hard for me to think of an argument against those numbers .
you 'll take any brexit over being in a position to influence things from within instead of sending clowns like farage to the eu ?
in other words uk ministers were on the winning side 95 of the time abstained 3 of the time and were on the losing side 2 .
this is counting votes in the eu council of ministers which passes most eu laws jointly with the european parliament.
what 's going to be good about brexit any brexit ?
caltech is an extreme outlier though due to its small size and specific stem-focused nature .
it is pretty much the only school of significance that does not sell degrees .
why does it seem like bn hawkgirl will be next week ?
hunger can be a sign that you are in a deficit .
but to be honest it 's a tricky indicator .
if you 've been overweight or obese before how well do you really know your body 's signals for hunger or satiety ?
personally i came to the conclusion that i have no idea .
i 'm slowly very slowly getting there after 18 months of maintenance .
but i still feel better tracking than relying only on my hunger amd satiety cues .
those go out of the window only too fast if you put cake in front of me .
i can walk away from pretty much anything but baked goods .
so i track to make sure my inner cookie monster does n't get out of hand .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
your ascended flame puts you at weapon level 15 equivalency so it may just be a case that a lot of people playing at sl20 have n't progressed that far yet/most people who have are outside of your level bracket .
it seems like the switch release is bringing in more players who have n't played the game before compared to the first run of the remaster so it 's to be expected that the divide between having a maxed weapon and being at a level where you typically would n't is awkward .
it 'll balance itself out over the next week or so .
you 're using chaos weapons so you should be running around with soft humanity anyway .
head to the depths and farm the rats there with the covetous gold serpent ring/symbol of avarice for a decent enough drop rate .
but are n't you taking this metoo thing a little too far ?
did n't peg you for the lesbo trucker type .
automated theorem proving over algebraic structures instead of set theory is its own subfield with some nice results introductory presentation here http www.karlin.mff.cuni.cz/\~stanovsk/math/slides\_beograd.pdf http www.karlin.mff.cuni.cz/~stanovsk/math/slides_beograd.pdf
if you consider lattices as objects from abstract algebra lattice-based cryptography .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galois\_connection https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galois_connection are used when thinking about semantics of programming languages .
your numbers are still lowballing the time needed to put this in remember despite the template '' exsisting we did have 2 map-related bugs over the last year but yes i understand the spirit of the argument .
none of the features we as consumers have seen in the last month require extensive attention from the senior devs outside of some code review to make sure style conforms and the architecture 's integrity is not compromised .
but it inadvertedly spreads this already widespread misconception that gamedev is easy .
it is n't for a fun metaphor enjoy this parody post https www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/9n5ltj/i_just_quit_my_job_and_now_im_ready_to_build made in reaction to the countless how do i start '' posts in r/gamedev .
it can seem that way because you have all the tools needed to go from zero to professional at your fingertips assuming your computer can run a decent engine unlike an architect doctor or lawyer .
or even chefs and artists where a difference in ability is usually easily noticeable though it 's not 100 here either .
that does n't necessarily mean that they are immune to criticism .
an expert chef can burn a steak and the customer would be correct in complaining about the quality even if they can not replicate it themself .
but few people would think it sane for that customer to put on an apron and start trying to make the steak himself you know ?
the former action is expecting quality from the professional the latter is belittling of the profession as a whole .
i just wan na try and stop the latter when i can which i could n't here because i responded too late .
makes sense then ... kind of expect budget airlines to nickel and dime you in that fashion
it 's free to play but it 's a damn good one .
yeah i just often times find it very difficult to find any super specific stats outside of what is commonly given to us .
like i can rank based on season and statistics but find it hard to find something off a specific amount of games .
she 's a shitty person that willingly put herself in the public eye risking all of this getting out .
this is part and parcel of what one should expect from the spotlight .
let 's not pretend that judging people and gossiping does n't happen in smaller circles in whatsapp groups and through friends family members and strangers .
i ca n't believe you did n't even add in workout supplements
it was said to be on all john 's payslips in 1996 .
payslips that were said to be found around the house
i got ta say recent heroes are not as nearly op as let 's say release xul or li ming .
yes they are often a bit too strong but what was the last hero not including malganis to come out straight up broken ?
i think it 's not that bad and it 's definitely not all the new stuff .
this is actually fucking hilarious when you give it some thought .
it is literally running off of the same circuits as the machinery keeping you alive .
i ca n't say i 'd disagree with doing it though coffee is how i go to work every day .
wait ozil has been at arsenal for 5 years already ?
prime sets would be good i think but i have mostly seen sets go around 200 p and i am a bit below that range would be great when i get around 300p though .
i think i can use warframe.market to find out prices for different sets and regarding prime junk i think it 's more of extra plat while farming sets .
they still function properly and they 're not knock-offs right ?
no he just hops around on his nuts like a hippity hop .
best athletic competition i 've seen from any league in this fall 2018 season nba nfl cfb premier league mlb etc
suki is hands down one of the best cosplayers i 've seen online .
honestly the circus this has been for the last six months ?
when michael asked eleanor to be his assistant knowing she was freaking out about getting caught ... then proceeded to fake having a meltdown over not knowing why things were happening although he was the one doing them then proceeded to blame himself in hindsight it was him causing eleanor to come forward
it was n't because real eleanor loved clowns real eleanor never existed .
michael having everyone call eleanor fake eleanor even though vicky was actually fake eleanor.
seriously and then the joke fight with dc and lewis .
it looks a bit far back you can loosen the mount bolts and slide it forward a tad .
mine was like that too and my wife was far back she felt safer with it moved forward .
i could n't decide if i should start chubb or marlon mack .
i decided to start them both and sit marvin jones .
rakan shen in terms of engage like that makes it way different team comps already .
and its has changed again since kt went for a single carry to protect but now with 3 it makes the comps much more interesting .
my grandfather had 19 tumors and was a hardcore starcraft 2 player and blablablabla ''
i meant more like if they are n't paying attention they 'll miss really important stuff not deliberately punishing them or anything .
donate to the 1 starfish charity donate to animal rescue charities and donate to the local shelter so they can get comfier beds and more toys .
the day after pill also is n't abortive but contraceptive so it should n't be a concern for those who believe the zygote is a person either .
i 'd call you crazy but do to your free healthcare you 'd already be in treatment with very low cost to you if at all
follow the road less traveled '' or any other variation of that .
um there 's a reason why the popular route is ... .popular .
i guess you can argue that this advice is highly contextual but i would still argue this to be bad advice in a majority of situations
they have a good game and then just face fuck the community with half assed content .
they releases new content that is not covered by a season pass .
have to buy the annual pass and rinse and repeat .
i 'm not going to argue the veracity of these claims at 1:00 am for me .
i 'm tired and op asked why people consider cultural appropriation a bad thing not to convince him that it is .
fair enough but i 'm down to talk about it more later if you want .
most who criticize cultural appropriation do consider cultural practices to be the collective intellectual property of said minority group
if it 's intellectual property '' as you say what are the consequences for not respecting it ?
what would be wrong with me wearing a yamaka around without caring about the jewish culture it came from ?
this has been on an on and off issue for me for months .
no one is saying that he 's crazy for wanting to run again just that it 's far more unlikely that he 'd win the nomination in 2020 than it was in 2016 for several reasons .
there are quite a few serious contenders for the progressive wing of the party that can give sanders a run for his money which would definitely dilute the support that each progressive runner would get just like in the gop presidential primaries in 2015-16 .
i voted for the man in 2016 but he 's definitely not the most attractive option in 2020 to me and that is not an uncommon sentiment among democratic voters who liked his cause .
hell there was a politico article a few days ago that mentioned quotes from various high-level sanders staffers who worked on his campaign who think it 'd be even more of an uphill climb for him in 2020 and a few vacillated quite a bit about whether they 'd work for him again for various reasons .
i mean it should be known by now that the democratic presidential primaries are probably going to have about as many contenders for the nomination as the last gop presidential primary did .
there are a lot of reasons to doubt that sanders would win the nomination next time around .
the person who wins that nomination might even be someone who no one expected to win .
did you think trump was going to win the nomination for his party in 2014 ?
shit 's gon na be unpredictable for the most part but i would n't bet on sanders .
rinding-rindi nako paminsan sa iba na sila naglagay ng sarili sa pedestal .
not to point out that there is a gap between you the speaker '' and the audience .
hindi naman pare-pareho ng situations and choices lahat may timing pa na sobrang ampotek .
mabuti na yung i-dissect muna and probe ang current status and conditions ng audience para malaman kung ano ba yung dapat i-impose na mood throughout the talk to get the audience motivated or to let them achieve goals .
i guess i 'm just not a pc gamer type .
i have no problem gaming on the pc it 's just in my mind i associate pc with work and my console with games silly but that 's just me .
i 've had many friends tell me i should just build a gaming pc but i just never get to it .
it 's really easy to propose something you a have no intention of doing or b has no chance of passing and you know it .
i actually completely agree with you and my other comments on this post indicate the same .
i thought you were referring to people requiring straight people for any role because they 're pure in the sense that they 're heterosexual .
ca n't believe jonas was even in the game at that point .
such a great game i 'm not even sure i cared if we won .
literally the only thing in the whole episode that was needed to explain michael was constance 's story .
ben and vivien 's martial problems tate and violet 's reconciliation moira in general and even billie dean were completely irrelevant/unnecessary .
because one of our team mates does n't understands the meaning of support .
one time he suggested picking pa for 4th position and .
these graphics and game play are way better than 2k what game is this ? ! ? ?
years ago in baja california a woman asked me if the beach was safe .
i said yep our kids are in it everyday my .
later that afternoon my wife and i were walking down the beach and this woman was in like three feet of water asking for help .
it made no sense to me but shed been caught in a rip and had used all of her energy getting back in.she was totally spent .
thank you famousagentman for creating a bank account in r/memeeconomy !
i 'm drunk i do n't even know how regular vision works
not that she is n't a total cow by pressuring you but acceptance andcommitment therapy does help with severe phobias and might be liberating for you .
so what would drive you to make more money ?
if becoming richer means you work harder and do n't make more money everyone becomes lazy .
you need an economic policy that creates a drive in the workers to work hard and get rewarded for such .
first sub 19 and very few solves over 30 tonight .
i 'm getting to my sub-30 goal just had to take a week off from timed solves .
this is such good advices thank you so much !
i 'll look into my local alternative newspaper which posts a lot of film reviews .
i 've noticed that a lot of critics actually do have degrees in something writing related if not film so i 'm more leaning towards an ma in cinema studies because it might be my best best .
the only phd programs i 've seen have been 6 years long and i do n't really think they 'd be beneficial for me .
wrys ca n't inherit life and death he 's a healer xd
i like his everything wrong with everything wrong with cabin in the woods https youtu.be/w6z95ldlkgm
you do not have enough memecoins to make that investment .
if you have less than 100 memecoins and no active investments try running ! broke !
i know there 's the godzilla compendium out there i had one when i was a kid but my mom spilled gasoline on it and threw it away now it 's worth a lot .
i want to buy one again but ca n't get myself to spend the money .
i believe you have to buy it from the halloween store but i may be mistaken maybe check it .
so instead the netflix shows are almost all filler with no plot twist .
for stress causing acne i highly recommend a supplement adrenal essence from a brand called xymogen .
many of our patients use it to balance adrenal health and cortisol production which can be thrown out of whack by stress and cause acne .
there 's no article it 's just a pic .
ahh well see at the shop i work we have a special tool that 's 29lb and you can release and it goes in slow just gives you a feel
13k is fine by me someone just told me i 'm a moron lol .
i assume ios would do everything but you have to go to different apps
who 's number 8 for west ham has stood out as shit today
that 's great to hear you 've done a remarkable job of figuring out this disease and it sounds like you 're on top of things .
i hope you can find the money for the dental work it could be the final step to getting you to 100 .
i used to think i knew a lot about diet then i listened to baker/bitter podcast human performance outliers and realized i had almost everything wrong .
i 'm not sure if you 've considered doing a podcast but i think you 'd be great at it .
no error messages the game just completely freezes but i can still hear sound
lammas is the account of tongues written by pengolodh the loremaster of gondolin .
i use a12x15 as intake and ippc f12 as exhaust at top of the case .
yeah maybe if i use taller feet the bottom fan will suck more air from the outside
muldoon would be proud he was always saying they should all be destroyed
rlly hard to sell i 'd never get those values back
it has n't been a widely available and safe medical procedure until the modern day
not sure on vallejo but i 've had good results using citadel 's celestra grey for empire .
it 's not the exact shade but close enough that i can make it work .
you ‘care so much ' about right wing people committing acts of violence but when right wing people are victims of violence you play off as no big deal .
it should n't be that difficult to condemn all violence but apparently even that is too hard for you .
it boggles my mind that people continue to support the current potus .
close but i would rather see your face planted on the floor imagining how a guy places his food on your face while fucking your asshole
which is kind of weird because as far as tinder goes it 's a pretty safe assumption that the girls i 'm talking to are a thousand dudes deep so i 've never really considered if there was something wrong with me talking to such a paltry number of matches .
also most of leviticus has lots of reason to kill people .
i 'm not sure what they mean about incest is ok because leviticus specifically says it 's not .
honestly if you are interested in the period 1185-1204 i highly recommend charles brand byzantium confronts the west i got my copy on abebooks for a super low price !
engine is seized from 10 years of sitting in the elements .
do you have any alternative options for getting the laptop ?
one of my favorite quotes for those who claim the ‘end times ' are continually worsening .
if you had to choose a moment in history to be born and you did not know ahead of time who you would be—you did n't know whether you were going to be born into a wealthy family or a poor family what country you 'd be born in whether you were going to be a man or a woman—if you had to choose blindly what moment you 'd want to be born you 'd choose now .
maybe this is the same as those who find true joy and happiness outside the church ?
‘the world may seem better for a time but we all know it 's not truly better '
cold brew is a pretty awesome way to get some life out of some older beans .
i have had poor results when trying to warm up cold brew .
how can hitting lightly your child on the butt child abuse ?
it would be child abuse if you hit the child on the head or hit them hard anywhere on the body .
there 's nothing bad that can happen if you hit a kid lightly on the ass .
also have ocular migraine and can confirm that what sadie says is 100 accurate .
i got ta double check i 'll let you know when i 'm back at work i dot have the recipe at home
get loud show the boys they 're well represented in bc ! !
people said that but i had issues with my lulzbot pei surface .
i bought some elmers glue and now i am having issues with my prints being molecularly fuzed to the damn surface .
i try to blend a combination of cleaning the surface with isopropyl and giving it a smidge of glue now and then .
unfortunately it seems that your account is too new so your post has been removed and set for manual mod approval a limit we had to set in place to reduce trolling .
meanwhile you are welcome to participate in the community through the comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sweden if you have any questions or concerns .
fun fact mattress store employees at least at some chains have a fair degree of leeway to give you discounts .
i once got a 20 discount on a 1500 mattress because i was the only customer that day i went on a day of a snowstorm and there was only one guy working in the store and he was asleep when i walked in lol .
he told me he was just waiting for his boss to tell him to go home .
yeah the whole thing is very do n't directly call people out when they 're people i can identify with ! ''
i saw this a while back by my office but i never found out because no one else had asked about it
it 's not like your killing other people 's children that 's easy .
op are you aware of any such agreement with regards to pixel 1 and 2 ?
lol 6 months in fucking prison for the 17 year old in the fortnite skull trooper skin trick or treating .
a few overlap but that 's not a big issue .
so bummed both shiverz and quix play at 6pm on their respective days .
two of my favorites on the lineup but i doubt we 'll be in by then lmao .
i just bought the game today and had an 18 gig patch on start up .
kinda nervous since i read about a 50 gig day 1 patch but i have n't seen it .
herrera played as a right sided defender in a back line 3 vs spuds .
am i the only one imagining this playing out like an early 90s sitcom canned laughter and all ?
not gon na lie it was honestly terrible and i was miserable during it !
it lasted for about 2.5 weeks before i saw progress .
on week 11 now and have pretty much clear skin .
after watching bcs the only characters i like are jimmy mike jesse and hank i liked gus before bcs but it made me rethink how i looked at him same with saul goodman and mike
honestly i think this is a good solution for some people .
they are relatively inexpensive relatively easy to maintain and give a good cosmetic outcome .
personally this is not for me and i could not do it but if people want to go this route than they should .
is n't it rather coincidental that the content they appropriated came from someone who has just filed his candidacy ?
yeah as credible as kavanaugh not having gotten blackout drunk
i guess first means only if you make trump money
well i do n't have all the answers and i do n't really know .
it 's a topic i continue to debate and think about .
personally at this moment in my life i think that a police report should at least be filed .
but then again i agree with you that it could lead to an increase in false claims .
so then do you punish people of it turns out that they lied to get an abortion ?
it is a hard topic to discuss and i do n't claim to have the perfect solution or the best answer .
what i do know is that i can not support unrestricted or limited restricted abortion .
what is acceptable beyond that i am still trying to determine .
this is n't a single issue for me though .
there are lots of other things that go into my decisions .
being pro-choice or pro-life is just one of them .
can we please stop supporting tiktok ... its insane how fast reddit moves on from shit like this .
sylvester stallone is a staunch supporter of gun control and he 's rambo .
dragalia lost was fun but god that summoning system is trash .
you 're going to be grounded for at least 2 weeks
90 they got rightfully sued people could have died for some solid shock value .
all food and beverages are in an everlasting drift towards room temperature .
please ensure that you pm the code/information to the winner rather than post it there are bots that will grab the codes and we want to make sure that it goes to a real person .
your giveaway can not include any referral links or outside websites .
as always there is no buying selling trading or advertising allowed .
other than those few rules please feel free to host the giveaway however you see fit .
i automatically set this thread into contest mode for your convenience .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/xboxone if you have any questions or concerns .
man i wish meekbot had n't deleted all their stuff because all the stuff i 've found of theirs has been bdsm goodness .
most people in the us who do n't have english as a first language have it as a second language and use english to interact with those outside of their cultural or ethnic group .
english is and will be the main language of the us for the foreseeable future even if it is n't the first language of every group that lives in it .
it still does n't use riding rush main ability when ready .
it 's like we do n't even have guard hounds at this rate .
funny how they are so responsive to iu 's needs but do n't give a shit about the thousands and thousands of voters who have to commute through there every day .
if they can open the lanes for iu they can open them as the default unless there is specific work being done on that specific part not ten miles north of the work site !
reddit is the dumbest place on the planet and you 're a pedantic fuck nut piece of shit .
one side can not be correct without the other being incorrect so we all get nothing .
separate from the definition of zero sum everything can only ever be black or white
and god forbid my ipad fucks me and turns whatever mash of letters into some instead of sum and i click away before proof reading it for some cunt fuck professor .
... on a more positive note i loved the jumpscares and that gargoyle king was sppoooooky holy shit so dope .
i also really liked mad dog 's character and he was n't too hard on the eyes either so i 'm hoping he 's not actually dead .
side note betty 's clothes were so fucking cute this episode .
i 'm getting a slight 70s vibe with those wider leg jeans and that floral cami 3
i 'm thinking more along the lines of prince of persia or tracer from overwatch .
localized time travel as a mechanic for puzzles would open up a lot of interesting opportunities .
surprised that has n't come out at least on cassette .
i 'd like to see a sailor team box set
nope sorry man most of these card are n't worth more than 0.10
i know another poster said card destruction was recently unbanned but it looks like your copy is a common so i doubt it will be worth anything
i know that akron haunted schoolhouse changed owners and rebooted last year and ghoul bros opened up last year on manchester road in the acme plaza .
technically he did die after a fight ... for his life
1.5.1 pre-match field personnel will place approximately half of the fifty-two 52 silver and half of the eighty-six 86 gold minerals into each of the craters .
drive teams receive an alliance-colored robot-identification flag from field personnel .
this flag must be securely mounted on the robot as defined in the robot rules .
the drive team must select one of the following starting locations for their robot 1 .
latched to the lander robot is completely supported by their alliance-specific side of the lander with the following constraints
the robot must be completely supported by the lander support bracket .
incidental contact with the lander walls or the legs is allowed .
the lowest point on a robot and team marker can be no closer than four 4 inches 102 mm from the playing field floor .
c. when completely supported by the lander robots must be within the 18 inch x 18 inch x 18 inch 45.7 cm x 45.7 cm x 45.7 cm starting volume constraint .
deployed from the lander robots that start the match deployed are not eligible to earn the landing achievement points .
deployed robots are placed on the playing field floor in any orientation with the following constraints
the robot must be in the landing zone within the vertical projection of the lander support bracket .
for example a portion of the robot must be directly beneath the lander support bracket .
the robot must start outside the opposing alliance 's landing zone .
your spelling hints are really shitty because they 're all essentially remember the fucking spelling of the fucking word '' .
give inferno a try if that 's really what 's ruining it for you .
nice to have something in the area rather than always having to go to a coast !
they uhh ... they were better in the first half .
definitely could n't listen to them in the second half .
that i 'm smart and should n't be embarrassed about it .
i 'd always lie about my grades and say i did worse than i did because i did n't want anyone to know i was smart .
it could lead to tensions between my classmates and i or competition .
but i 've reached a point where i can say i am smart .
scoop your li'l mittens right in that stew . ''
no shade to their ability here but they bail the fuck out at the end .
should killers just stop playing the game because there 's an event going on ?
but if y'all had a real qb1 no hate on bortles things would be a little different .
it looks strangely like a piece of fish ... .maybe a cat or raccoon left it ?
ramble on by led zeppelin is a fun song to play
eva offers one of the better business class options .
asiana does n't have the best product but has the best availability by far .
out of lax they make at least 4 business class seats available .
the toronto media just loves creating their own controversy and debating it to no end .
i ca n't stand it now that they are good great .
it 's pending doom and looking for problems or just making them up .
the on ice product is awesome great coach gm president they have money no bad contracts and yet there 's always a storm brewing
there are several companies making machines for this purpose .
we have some at our lab that we are trying to get up and running properly bad choice of product on our side .
so if you want to be sustainable there are options .
i do n't have direct knowledge of the popular ones unfortunately .
google filament extruders and you might be on the right path .
roman sky by avenged sevenfold is one i always love to play .
it 's funny because some volunteer firefighter departments use green lights for their personal vehicles .
in all seriousness that did look painful and i hope he 's ok .
hate to spoil the fun but the map in that article clearly states '15 years in the future and even then only as a hypothetical proposition mthai news ขอนำแผนที่ฉบับเต็มอีก 15 ปีข้างหน้า หากรถไฟฟ้าครบทั่วพื้นที่กรุงเทพฯจะเป็นอย่างไร ''
nice store hope they have some reputable and real cbd so many crap fake brands out there it 's getting more ridiculous each day !
they implemented visuals to augment the aural not replace it or come at the expense of it .
i do not think a guitar/noise solo key word noise '' ie something heard was supposed to 100 be a visual experience .
it 's all we can do as foreigners living across the sea .
i love how liberals and democrats ca n't take a joke .
i post and tell trump jokes and my republican friends laugh their asses off .
economics should not and is not too math heavy .
finance is heavy based in math economics not so much .
because you ca n't apply mathematical models to it it must be derived logically .
i 'm still controlling harmony through ifttt because multi-user setups was not implemented for harmony .
holy shit it finally works the way it should .
google never gave it the proper home automation treatment so native integration always felt clunky .
easy sa cleaned the key and then dried it with his dirty sweaty sock .
i can also think of a billion other scenarios too that explain this without having to point out how misleading mam is
i have the bond car pack and i 'm ready for them to stop with it too .
i am emphatically not a fan of being railroaded into driving one particular car for a championship .
to quote from days of thunder woah her ass is all over the place ! ''
i mean i like rwd cars but this thing is uncontrollable in the wet .
also whose idea was it to race roadsters in the rain ?
we all look ridiculous with the top down in this mess .
i realized that what i was objecting to when i first replied to you was that you were acting like your arbitrary standards for statistical significance are universally right .
then i went and did the same thing 383 drives absolutely is statistically significant '' which is equally wrong .
the result is statistically significant by the standards of the study when p α .
5 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-johnson-5 6 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-redmond_and_colton-6 7 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-cumming-p27-7 8 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-krzywinski_and_altman-8 9 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-sham_and_purcell-9 10 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-altman-10 11 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-devore-11 the significance level for a study is chosen before data collection and typically set to 5 12 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance cite_note-salkind-12 or much lower https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistical_significance stringent_significance_thresholds_in_specific_fields depending on the field of study .
we simply have chosen a different significance level in our heads when interpreting the backblaze results and that 's where the disagreement came from .
if that does n't work try vaporizing bud or oil to skip your liver .
i already got them but would love to visit your town sometime !
sorry i dont think i can change the title now
tbh lonzo has a lot media attention because of lavar
i wonder if it 's part of the feeling that your life is slipping by too fast as well ?
it does n't really though it just tells one side of the story .
if it was actually obvious the best way to make it known is to just show them side by side .
get a buncha people at a certain skill level and play with/against each other ?
looks like a made up pile of bs that you 've served up for us there .
what are the mario bros view on being moty ?
mario while we were a good meme and deserve a nomination surely there are better memes than us to win the yearly contest .
i did not consider the license aspect of it .
the flight i found from bangkok to phuket intl .
was on 60 usd round trip which is not bad at all .
i would suggest keep trying people until you have a favorite and learn the character .
even if you do n't stay with them knowledge transfers between characters so let yourself learn people .
and i know my style can be decisive my philosophy is that if i want to get the masses to pay attention to what i 'm doing then the best way would be to have some stylized and something that is sorta not the norm .
i 'm trying to be relatable and paying homage to cooking show genre i grew up watching but add a cinematic approach with my video production skills .
it 's literally the only way i see it in my head and so everything you see is a true expression of everything i am .
so i hope with that context it 's a bit more palatable .
many are comforting memories from my childhood at least the ones which are n't theologically neutered or misleading .
i used to listen to dan shutte 's behold the wood on repeat as a driving meditation .
david haas ' you are mine was part of the process of my return to the church via a program with a dozen steps with a focus on freedom from lust .
becoming deeply entrenched in the culture of aa traditionalists and learning from them to read text carefully and seriously with an eye to the context language and intentions of the author was a primer for more serious study of scripture and church documents and history .
from that point the language of you are mine speaks in an incredibly powerful way to recovering lust addicts .
actually i remember reading the lyrics of it during a talent show at a convention i was originally going to try and fail at some standup and getting tears in many eyes .
they only care about the resolution which is 4k .
there are several really nutso people running in nc right now but the dems are running strong campaigns and there could be real movement this year .
i do n't really care as long as there not too light and not too stiff .
lms and not making it out of groups in worlds .
my wife says the cheap bras are uncomfortable as hell .
she 's a dd/ddd so i 'm guessing size comes into play a bit .
she normally is dropping 60-70 on nicer bras that are supportive and actually comfortable for her to be wearing all day .
we can ask all the other dems running if they will disavow killary over and over again .
i can confirm this has been happening for quite a few versions
this happens all the time with every group of political appointees .
most kinda move towards the center naturally they come in with these grand plans and run into the bureaucracy that is civil service .
sorry i was under the impression you knew what a rhetorical question was .
regardless you said he did n't put words in that guys mouth which he clearly did .
i feel that this does n't work well for virgin asian hair .
i work out excessively and will definitely do a water rinse on those days .
there 's been times where my entire head has been drenched in sweat and my hair almost reach my elbows .
imo at least sport can exist outside the grip of gambling and provides a form of entertainment and camaraderie .
if you removed gambling on horses and greyhounds today the industry would collapse overnight .
as others have said though there 's an elephant in the room and it 's name is pokies .
yeah i mean going in to this race vettel needed to outscore hamilton by 17 points for every race remaining .
that means winning while hamilton finishes no better than 6th .
just hurry and get diabetes and you wo n't have to worry about buying junk food .
if x2 on your investment and gaining invaluable experience is shitty then i guess we have different definitions .
invaluable is defiantly a better way to put it .
i actually feel bad for my original choice of words i was just being flippant and silly .
i apologise to anyone reading this who has had a shitty year .
it 's a unibody ... you would tear it to pieces if you were really going where it looks like it could go ...
i think that in b w also bad ending is the best in the art sense .
i live in an area where you hear gunshots at least once a month .
if you are willing to wade though the crazy you can confirm my experiences by consultanting any local nextdoor or facebook page .
i 'd much prefer protecting myself from gun fire by utilizing our government police resources to prevent the problems in the first place that wait for bullets to by flying in my direction hope they do n't kill me and i have a tiny chance of returning fire .
ok so after watching every episode i started researching .
the children in the well '' episode at least has a real person .
so now i could assume that the other stories are true .
although i cant find anything on the internet about any of the stories .
i only hope that the people in the slaughterhouse '' story do the right thing and go to the police .
the families of those supposed murder victims need closure .
i play pro and get more wins that way are you telling me im doing it wrong ? !
we especially need some more cc that affects melee more than ranged since interrupts and silences only affect casters and dks who are n't viable for other reasons .
the only bullshit cc right now is frost mage slows and blink-while-sheeping around pillars .
remove shimmer and frigid winds and give back deep freeze .
its kinds funny how different hunting is state by state .
in texas you find a tall hill and call em in toward you in montana you hike for hours/days out to a good valley and then theres western washington where you crawl through some of the thickest underbrush in the country trying to be quiet in the hope 's of seeing a tiny ass black tail that 's at least legal .
in israel it is not uncommon for women lie about being religious in order to get out of serving in the army .
when you go apply for birthright you have to bring proof of your jewishness .
when i applied for some test if you requested a makeup date instead of saturday when it was given you had to provide proof of your religion .
this is normal and y'all are being unduly defensive .
who the fuck wears bis defense helmets on a slayer task ?
just get a pair of chi-fi earbuds off amazon or whatever .
if you 're not that discriminating a cheap pair of kzs like the kz ate go a long way .
even those are far far better than the packaged s8 buds .
the only thing i would do personally is change one of the arc riflemen to a vanguard with an omnispex to support your caliver .
edit and maybe give your infiltrator a flechette blaster and taser goad but that depends on who you 're facing .
and now i 'm picturing a kitten waking up kincaid at three in the morning demanding to be fed .
what bothers me is the people who take it too far and refuse to let anyone remember vanilla .
you ca n't have a single talk on wotlk or earlier without someone going 0 skill heavy grind it 's bad stop pretending to like it ''
honestly if you do n't like classic and/or do n't plan on playing it do n't complain whenever it 's mentioned .
i understand sometimes people get circlejerky over it but there is a reason it set up the foundation to quite possibly the most well-known mmo .
hd 30 is 1/10th hutterites by population about 1000 people in 9 colonies .
if they wanted to submit ballots carried by a member this regulation would be highly intrusive .
oh my that 's a name i have n't heard in awhile like collin klein .
that was the era of the run spread making qbs look better better than they were lol
we never learn picking random always gave better odds to perfect .
in my store we usually sell either samsungs or iphones .
people ca n't even harvest that many sloppies yo everyone 's vials will by full .
eh it would be kind of cool but i want gun sounds to come out of my speakers which are obviously of higher quality than the ones built into the controller .
townhall ... where idiots come to try to recognise letters and put them together into words .
delete her and maybe all her friends off social media .
pro jamarcus russell not capital one bowl freshman jamarcus russell
your a fucking idiot and that 's a bias .
i mean they strapped one to a camel so why not ?
ive that problem too on word next to the zoom slider there 3 buttons press the first one that looks like a rectangle w lines on it and it should work nirmally
i suspect the saudis would n't be ballsy enough to try this without trump in office
i wish they would higher the crowd volume during intros because sometimes the cheers sound so low on broadcast
sounds like you 've got deeper problems than being cut .
oh we are buzzing and shaking and it is almost gone !
she always just struck me as a little sneaky .
she spreads a weird narrative that says assad is democratically elected and so is nicolas maduro .
and i had read about her being anti-gay until really recently until she was elected to the us house it seems .
there are a lot more ways than you describe ... you ca n't have it run into a cistern is all .
you can run it down to the cavern levels and flood the caverns that 's a popular solution .
you can also run a channel underground to the edge of the map smooth the stone and carve fortifications to have the water run out into oblivion .
if you have an aquifer it will absorb water infinitely as well .
i 'm not sure but i think rivers might suck up water like aquifers do .
yet they are still the most played and most sold games on the market .
yea idk what kind of retards buy their games in 2018 .
i remember buying their games in bf1942 and bf2 days like bf1942 bf2 and fifa on sega for example and games back then were very very good .
but then they started making retarded shit like bf4 bf1 and this kind of fifas so i stopped buying any of their games whatsoever .
i do n't think i 'll ever buy any of their games ever again .
but it 's in a tier below 6 7 and 9 imo .
just saw them a couple of weeks ago they 're great !
okay why did that ref go up there next to ohio state 's line ?
it was n't me thank god but someone kicked off a reimage of every desktop pc at one of our locations .
and to make matters worse it did n't quite work so every machine that got hit could n't boot and could n't be fixed remotely .
they ended up bringing in dozens of field techs from all the other locations and they ran around manually fixing everything .
was a week or two before things got back to normal .
i ca n't imagine how much that must have cost with the overtime hotel and food lost business etc
they did n't fire the guilty party and i swear part of the reason was he did n't try to cover anything up .
psa trains take a long time to stop and are often moving much faster than they appear .
i do n't know what the local sustainable answer is either but my solution is
i 'm making a career change that 'll force me to move to a larger metro area and i should experience a much higher wage .
i 'll live relatively frugally build some wealth then move back to charleston with funds i could n't acquired while living in the lowcountry .
i had a friend in college who was self-conscious of his parent 's wealth .
i stayed the night with another friend once after a concert .
i woke up before everyone else and got lost trying to find a bathroom or kitchen or something .
he did not like hearing me say i 'd gotten lost in their home and asked me not to tell anyone else .
then his mom made us cornflake french toast for breakfast and it was even better than i imagined which was impressive because he 'd been talking up his mom 's french toast for days .
when anyone asked me about my stay at that house i just described how amazing his mom 's french toast was .
the only cars faster than the top tier models on a drag strip are cars like the demon which has drag radials no insulation and no passenger seat default
i just mean the gold plaque at the top of the fin .
fairly easy if you spend a couple of hours practicing a couple of bread 'n ' butters
this right here is why they 're not popular .
easy to you is spending a couple hours doing fuck all actually enjoyable just to get barely good enough to start enjoying online .
to get properly popular they 'd need to find a way to actually gamify these couple hours well and they 'd need to make ai competent enough to actually help teach you to play .
does anyone ever actually get fragged by a ninja star in this show
hopefully we got out shit the bed games out early this year
oh i think one of the ways they made it faster is by dedicating most of the ram to whatever app you 're using .
you 'll need a cover so it 's more comfortable on your lap these are available on ebay .
get a usb adaptor so you can plug in multiple a wireless keyboard and mouse and a stand i have a nice set of small drawers with an a4 size base that my screen sits on .
it stopped updating yesterday at some point for my whole squad
i just hope we can contain capela and try ourr best to not let harden pop off .
early prediction osu petitions the league office in the off-season to cancel all inter-divisional games in the future .
it is ridiculous how one-dimensional osu is with their quality rb 's .
hey first off you are n't weird for this .
second off i have had several girlfriends that i confessed this to .
none of them thought i was weird or blamed me for it .
i 'm a kinetic daydreamer i use strings and other long things to put myself into a trance to daydream .
all of my hoodies that i own i pulled the strings out of to use to daydream .
i 've dated about 7 girls and i 've told all of them about my tendency to do this stuff .
all of them come from different backgrounds and are completely different people .
if your so truly loves/likes you they wo n't care .
if they have a problem with it then they are n't meant to be in the first place .
i promise you most of the right people will be okay with however you choose to spend your alone time
your post has been removed as it did n't follow rule two
feel free to resubmit your blepicture with a modified title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blep if you have any questions or concerns .
não peraí os sindicatos tem direito de expressar suas posições políticas livremente e sem essa censura fascista imposta pela nossa enviesada justiça eleitoral tradicionalmente dominada pelas elites bla bla bal gópi lulalivre viva che sou do levante
in sr 's early days he gave out his email that contained his full name ... and apparently did some other stupid things .
the jacket will function exactly as it 's designed to even if you throw a sweatshirt over it .
the layers you have underneath are what will make more of a difference in how you feel .
it 's been a while but i worked at a patagonia store for 6 years .
she will probably need to turn herself into the jail but the best course of action is to meet with the attorney first and pay as much of the outstanding court costs first .
then she will likely be released when she agrees that she has violated her deferment and her guilty plea will be reinstated .
the whole setup is straight out of the early 2000 's lol .
8 year olds when they have n't reposted on reddit in 5 minutes
absolutely and call me crazy but i think the whole book seems like some sort of allegory for religion ik ik far fetched but just in idea
i did n't do the glitch in fear of getting banned .
yeah but i deleted that one because i remembered that we ca n't repost like that .
i deleted that one when you commented on my page
as a cub fan the yelich trade was as big of a fleece job as any trade could be .
if your cat does n't beat you to it !
yes the superhub 2 not sure about the others comes with an option to switch to modem mode so you can use your own router with your own dns dhcp etc .
u/mile114 yale won the toss do you want to receive or defer ?
datatag thread '' 20 '' 9pz8og '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.defer ''
yeah it 's gon na be a problem i realised that when i posted a comment
our offense is such utter trash but our defense is going the same way now .
i will probably include a couple of extra t/t codes in it that i got from a trade as i wo n't get around to using them myself .
what i want to know is what 's the picture with the cops about ?
edit all this downvoting and verbal abuse for a harmless joke .
there 's a handful of people on this sub who feel like they have the right to talk totally abusive to me and then they get shocked when i 'm not the nicest person back .
i do n't need to fucking get on here and be treated like i 'm some freak .
i 've always tried to be very nice on here i do n't have many friend in real life which i 'm fine with i 'm a reserved person so i like to get on here and joke around with people .
i 've always tried to be nice on here then one night i got sick of being called a bunch of terrible things and i was mean back and now everyone uses it as a reason why they treat me like a punching bag .
i just wish people would quit being soo mean to me .
i would be more than happy if that could please just start happening .
yeah he should just chuck his laptop in the bin and capitalism will come to an end !
so i 'm assuming she 's going to at least bring riley rinke jessica and whoever else is with them back .
who knows if she 'll spend more time looking for others i feel like all the important people are there already .
ladies and gents i u/pastydeath will be presiding as justice in this case .
below is the full case that will be argued .
i will put up the trial thread once a prosecution volunteers in this thread !
to clairify the case we are doing op please update your own case up top by adding this will be the original
less than a week ago i u/mikewhoneedsabike found a post by u/kancollemarinesexper depicting a hentai folder on his computer with over 70 thousand images .
i offered said user one united states dollar 100 united states cents to delete said folder .
we followed up via pm and i venmoed him the dollar .
user sent me a video depicting him deleting the folder and i was satisfied with the result thinking he wo n't have access to it again .
today i found out that he actually just made a back-up folder without telling me .
i believe this to be against our agreement as my words of permanent deletion '' and getting rid of access to the folder '' meant no backups .
so i either ask of a refund of one united states dollar 100 united states cents by user or and this is preferred of the deletion of the backup and all possible backups by user .
return report and post another thread with a link here .
do n't leave us hanging waiting for the next chapter !
he needed to call for back up from cth two times in 4 hours he was so mad about vote counts in subreddits he hates lol
i get that certain characters are written to be sucky people .
but i do n't think any characters were written with the intention of being painful to watch .
ill take a different path and recommend watching some film room analysis by guys like brett kollman https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nj7-rd1eyl0 .
it will be confusing because he goes into detailed schemes and how the players deal with those situations but in the end you may slowly pick up on the finer nuances of the sport which just makes it that much more interesting .
as the others have said though pick up a madden doesnt have to be new because you 're just trying to understand the game try fantasy because it is a great way to learn players and teams and just watch games with tony romo announcing .
is that not supposed to be a first down ?
i thought the ball went out past the marker .
that 's why i love haunted grounds on killers other than spirit .
be it greed spite fear of devour hope or just stupidity nothing makes the game more w o k e than 60 seconds of mid game noed .
that 's also why i love dh on spirit .
people do n't dare touch it for fear of haunted grounds and then when it finally activates the biggest panic shitshow of headless chickens panicking happens .
i got my achievement for mori'ing 4 people in a match with dh on spirit .
i was told that dh was a bullshit op perk and that i was cancer and should hang myself .
by play you mean allow late hits on the sideline
you will either get arrested or if you are in america you will be shot by a bystander i would not recommend you wear this costume in public
on pfl 's facebook page there 's multiple live broadcasts .
go back and pick the one with the title in english and you 're good to go .
i 've not even been diagnosed with it this is the first ever time i 've had burning pain in the right side of my lung/chest which has lasted for 8 hours on and off and it wo n't go away despite me taking iboprufen for it .
it does n't get better or worsens with whatever i 'm doing .
it 's burning pain on and off not chest pain .
we got our pup bark box telling ourselves we would not spend much more on the pup and after a few months we exclusively have that as a source of things for our pup .
we make the day it is delivered special and it 's like a little party for her .
oh fuck they deactivated but the account name was lala20548756 you can still see it was up all 200 of their tweets were dedicated to defending usher and spoke like him
take away the white and blue because that right there is a red flag .
i would say he lacks the awareness and iq to make the reads and passes at this level .
vote by including a number at the start of a top level comment .
just wait in that position i 'll slide under and get you to ride it and ride me ... .
thank you so so so much you 're so kind and generous for this !
games over we are losing by 1 gg see you next year dfa walker get rid of doc
i also recently made the decision to go vegan so i ca n't cheap out and go buy anything i want from the bakery .
i 'm totally going to have to make cloud cookies now those sound amazing .
you 're paying 2 for the word almost '' .
if you do n't have a ticket you have no chance of winning .
if you have a ticket you have almost '' no chance of winning .
was the same with holmström how many goals did he create for lidström .
that the world is full of hybrid alien lizard people .
and not only that almost all the important or famous people in the world are hybrid alien lizard people .
if you like scifi you should watch psycho pass and gits sac !
i ca n't bring myself to go to golden corral for dinner primarily because i ca n't stand to see the 300 crowd feasting on their all-you-can-eat life-ending poison .
i 'm not as fit as i used to be nor as i should be at my late middle age 55 .
i eat too much and definitely drink too much .
i can still run 5 miles at 11 minutes per mile on a good day .
contrast that with the 10 miles/day i ran in my 20s at 8:30 mile .
for you young'uns ... everything they say about getting older is true ... everything .
guess is we are down big i can always watch the laker game without interruption
hey i 'm a guy and total rookie at sex so i was wondering how do i add clitoral stimulation into sex to make it more enjoyable for her ?
mr madison what you 've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things i have ever heard .
at no point in your rambling incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought .
everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it .
i award you no points and may god have mercy on your soul .
only reason i knew prior to this was fluffy did a bit about the middle east
if this phone had 8gb of ram this would have easily been a beast of a phone .
seems hdr photos take a huge hit on ram for me using camera kicks just about every single app out of memory for me .
they have an easy way to do it with the cwl camos they release too
most of the people are just following other 's who say it 's bad and never tried it themselves .
one of my favorite color comos as well i love this character to prices even if he is n't mine haha
yeah been trying the website and currently payments are n't going through their successfully for unknown reasons even though my paypal is working fine .
haha you guys think you 've got it tough !
try being a british citizen 😂😂 there 's about as much chance of anything here being even decriminalised as there is for scotland being freed from english rule 🤣 only one of two ways to get high here is grow your own or buy illegally at £220 average for an oz !
you are ignoring the many more success that did lots of good and cherry picking outliers and using moral relativism .
for example cuna killed as many as the previous right wing regime but the poor are much better off now .
the no true marxism accusation is a rhetorical trick you all repeat like to accurate statements .
while nazism is bad at the core of it .
i can make the same arguments back christianity is nazism that 's all that it is if you say otherwise its a no true christianity argument .
i have been seriously considering reading the brian herbert books..
although obviously i am worried they wo n't be as good as the original series i ca n't recall anyone saying that they are terrible..
as long as he does n't lose 4-0 against barça he 's fine .
i ca n't play at all weird thing is my friend playing 1 hour drive away have no problem .
people in center of city ca n't play at all .
but if they drive to the outskirt have no problem .
i know that religion is about faith and belief but it was the lack of evidence and just all round sorta crazy things said about ‘god ' .
what i mean is everyone i have ever spoken to tells me that i need to disclose being trans before i even meet the guy because otherwise i am opening myself to getting murdered .
thing with this in my experience is that the chances of actually getting murdered are very slim but not insignificant .
dating as a girl is already generally more risky than dating as a guy so that 's already a thing to be aware of but it 's an unfortunate fact of life that there are men out there who could get very aggressive when they find out that you 're trans anytime later than before you 've even gone on a date .
safest would be to be upfront with it though i know that that is easier said than done .
i 'd also rather not have to do it but i 've found that a lot of men do care at least to the extent that they want to be fully informed especially if you 're non-op or pre-op and for me it 's just easier to bring it up immediately and hope that the response will be along the lines of hey girl i do n't care '' which happens more often than i 'd expected tbh .
basically it 's part of having to get used to your new social position by lack of a better word ?
in the dating scene which is a bit of trial and error and testing the waters until you get accustomed to it .
she 's pretty nice but we do n't have much of a relationship her side of the family live pretty far away .
all of my friends who 've left their churches have done so because they 've treat people who needed that support the way my grandparents were treated .
it 's why i ca n't get behind that sort of religion .
they preach love and community but most of the time they practice the opposite .
one is enough to kill them so you can easily kill them
usa concentration camps and occupied territories are no better than any other .
maybe they are even worse because as it was shown many times americans do n't respect any law american or local not even un .
they are killing children and calling it collateral damage .
the only thing that is collateral is the brain of the person who can invent such an excuse for killing children and that person was elected by wise and by their own studies mostly very fat american people most of which would n't be able to find the country where that child lived on a map .
they are using internationally forbidden weapons based on fabricated data to advance their own interests .
it is impossible to spread democracy to other nations because they start to elect only the wrong governance '' .
the main idea of democracy is that people will elect who they want not who american politicians and companies like the most .
usa is a violent country and besides their army which is often used to kill and destroy lives of innocent people usd is one of the reasons for their success '' and not those wise fat people because it is printed by a private corporation and not even the president can affect that .
in fact a few days ago he said that fed is gone loco '' but he ca n't do anything about that .
is n't that the democracy you are trying to spread ?
no thank you i wo n't be a slave to american corporations or politicians i would rather be dead .
just go to your own country and enjoy your democracy and i will enjoy mine and use monero instead of usd every time i can .
napoleon was actually a bit taller than average for his time .
at a certain point theres no more progression to be had.. you 're at that point .
thank you for accepting me as the new weird guy in the group who likes to play a weird hero d
i was happy leaving hoda at g11 but ill maybe need to g12 him now
the short reaction time is good in some ways .
it makes playing through the stages and remembering the layout to go at insane speeds is super rewarding .
main reason why is because the cost of removing demise from the deck is really high and it 's hard to run multiple engines in tandem with demise in the deck .
i do n't have a switch but if i did get one the battery life while playing ds would be a big factor .
i think if ni go independent they would n't automatically qualify to be in the eu and would run the risk of having other countries veto their application e.g .
spain such that catalonia does n't get any ideas .
like i said it 's not that big a deal for me but am i in the minority on this one ?
i never had a problem playing characters that were quite different to me .
that 's part of diving into a different world even .
i 've played as lara croft i 've played as jade in beyond good and evil i 've played as a black house keeper in sunset ... and i 've even played a female lynx caring for her offspring in shelter 2 .
i had no problem with emotionally connecting to the characters .
representation '' is n't important at all to me .
it 's more of a weird bright beige tone with some reddish or earthy hues here and there .
hello your post was removed because you do n't seem to have enough points .
please contribute more to reddit by posting and commenting and you 'll get around this low threshold quickly .
please do not modmail us asking what the number is we will not tell you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueofmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
do think people are so stupid they ca n't tell the difference between world building and busy work ?
cide just like in homicide or fratricide means to kill .
foeti is a corruption of the word fetus which means offspring .
so foeticide is the act of killing your offspring .
rather than do it in the womb she decided to neglect the child outside of the womb by prematurely giving birth .
also i have n't ever heard of spina bifida https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spina_bifida causing brain damage it 's a problem with the back .
many people have it without even knowing it other than some severe back pain later in life .
in the article i do n't think the two are related .
however there are a lot of cases of doctors misdiagnosing what severe '' brain damage happens to be .
sometimes they are correct but there are enough cases that shows that doctors are playing a 50/50 guessing game most of the time .
i hate to ask but i must ... what happened to this child ? ?
i 'm not sure how much you want to spend .
google pixel 3 expensive excellent all rounder with amazing camera
iphone se is an alternative which is very compact and works very well and reliably and you can find cheap second hand .
well i enjoyed myself enough to beat it ... and start 2 other characters .
the most annoying thing at all is the incabability of pawns to beat out fires outside your homearea even jf you try to give them the manual priority or its right next to your home zone .
my 200 euro s-aeg is better than my teammates ' s-aeg for which he paid 900 euros thanks to known brand .
i 'd start maining him the day they add this armor and ornament
those are 100 asphalt like the ones cars drive on here has nothing to do with a 'trail ' my man .
if treaties need congressional approval how can a president unilaterally withdraw from the agreement ?
and hit the wall at the bottom and bounced back up
man its been for ever since i had a stock harness on my 5m but i feel like when i did they kind of fell into the right place ... .
i 'm thinking my timezone is 10 where is he pulling 11 from when it says melbourne ... than realizing our time went forward an hour last week .
the video card has a notch for the cpu cable
eleanor should almost always be in your sw team i have 2 of her she 's a beast as long as you have a regular wave clearer .
we 're simultaneously stereotyped as being lazy while being one of the hardest longest-working nations on earth .
canada 's pretty much the same though so we 're not uniquely weird .
well there 's not the same school system so you ca n't compare like that but we end upper secondary school at 19 it 's 1 year earlier than that in france but in france they have a very weird university system that 's hard to compare with other european countries as well .
thank you magicalmanny for creating a bank account in r/memeeconomy !
it burns into your eyeballs if you get it stolen from you or you just laugh the whole time about how close you got it if you stole it yourself .
you probably took a higher dose instant release pill this time
kako ja ne poznajem nikog ko je pre puberteta već znao šta ga loži ?
kako možeš da budeš siguran da te nešto loži dok to ne probaš ?
i can never come up with examples '' when i talk vaguely about stuff and something like that first test would probably bring up the same kind of writers block/mental block in me .
if i buy a tv and it all of a sudden goes on sale two weeks later that 's my fucking fault for buying a tv at the wrong time .
i would n't call it fault just bad luck kind of i mean you paid what you considered reasonable and could afford as you could n't know it 'll go on sale .. well most of the time you ca n't there are some situations like 2 weeks or so before black friday when it does n't make sense to not wait a bit longer just in case .
that being said you could always wait for something to go on sale but then you might as well wait forever as the next best deal is always right behind the corner and whatever you buy it 'll be cheaper at some point .
a man is taking a walk on a winding road through dense forest when he comes to a sheer cliff and a little girl on her knees at the edge weeping inconsolably .
asks the man and where are your parents ? ''
they 're ... they 're ... they 're in that caaaarrrrr ... '' bawls the little girl between sobs pointing to the smouldering wreck hundreds of feet below .
enquires the man who has asbergers syndrome and can not comprehend the emotional gravity of the situation .
just that the opinion of sombody on the internet is negative does n't mean nobody likes it .
i personally like the anime and im looking forwards for future episodes .
so do n't go walking around and throwing your stuff everywhere thinking everybody thinks the same as you or a big youtuber .
if those are factory flares did you drill holes and bolt them on the sides or no ?
i was called lazy for years including staying up late then going to school early .
if i was lazy i would n't have gone but now i have an overnight job and i 'm still called lazy for sleeping during the day .
i have to disagree here although pubg 's tickrate is higher the server performance is terrible .
there 's desync and crazy peeker 's advantage in every fight .
for example you can get shot by someone reloading because on his screen he already finished reloading and started shooting
they 've come a long way in terms of optimizing fps but i have n't seen any desync improvements besides the soft ping lock
imagine when those nano satellites go up in number of thousands .
that 's what you get when you weaponize space .
i 'd settle for a speed limiter set based on tests of the riders reaction time .
highlights chloe 's bee signal adrien immediately protecting marinette adrien and plagg escaping scarlet gorizilla the rena/carapace interaction and nino and wayzz i missed that the first time around and the return of the owl .
i like that lb let cn hand out a miraculous but it 's like throwing him the smallest bone possible .
they all know chloe is the bee and alya knew nino was carapace but now outside of chloe and the world knows her identity everyone knows another 's identity but cn .
and i was actually getting concerned there so much could have gone wrong and still could .
at least sabrina is no longer an invisible tail .
and was that clara contard on the scene reporter from dark owl ?
when counsel threw him in here i got excited cause i knew we would do something against him unlike hader .
not quite sure why they would pitch him in game 7 but i was sure happy counsel did !
but if we consider solo we can see he can be capable of doing better .
how does it feel to never leave your castle because of the nonstop sieges you have to fend off alone 'cause the slippery bastard is feasting in praven ?
you 've got your timeline messed up the mongols invaded the song and vietnam after europe after they were acclimatised .
the same things happens in india when latter on the mongols that would become the mughals are able to resist the new climate because they were used to it then .
i do n't by the things that says most forts were constructed of stone they were not you 're english example suggests as much with the overwhelming majority of forts being hill forts .
i also do n't necessarily by the characterisation of the forts as a network as i understand they served more as local garrisons and the seat of local lords then defensive lines .
as for what you think is a rebuttal from weather ford that has nothing to do with your forts .
this does not mean the forts made them expend to much time and energy .
i 'll reiterate so we 're clear not finding enough loot is not the same as being to harassed during campaigns to continue .
i do love how you include the part where they make it profitable though .
i also never said the mongols could n't handle woods i said it limited their tactical operations and thus would be seen as something they 'd avoid if they could .
this is does exist but you 're forgetting brandenburg .
at this time brandenburg was little more than a backwater low on population and thus farmland .
finally a couple mongols hunting an army of tens of thousands i ca n't believe i have to say that .
cutting down the forest would cost your holy time and energy so i do n't know why you 'd use it as a viable option .
good luck to you truth is ... the game was rigged from the start .
i used to do this when i chopped people eons ago .
for every hundred baggies you 'd get a free gram mine had specific coding on the outside so i knew they were mine .
i took a loss of like 3.30 on it but made me feel better about the waste .
i ended up doing a factory data reset which fixed it and the august security update remains installed .
admittedly not an ideal solution but having a usable device was the highest priority for me .
are backed up before taking this drastic a step .
you 're commenting on an irrelevant post from over 100 days ago hahaha .
imho there are already too many copy/paste skills around that do n't contribute the game in a positive way .
with 35 warframes already there 's bound to be repetition .
this is how the justice league wound up with two stretchy guys .
if you have the paralyzing arrows do n't kill the little shits just knock them out and they wo n't respawn .
or else commit so cold blood murders and get followed by bounty hunters !
that 's a fun way to say you dont care about healthcare the environment or women 's rights .
i wear it every day so there 's like 12 hours that i do n't wear it and the power does not run oit then .
this happens when i do not wear it but just wind it and let it sit .
totally agreed ... . but why even let them back into the country .
the issue i have is that i have n't seen anywhere that is says trudeau is happy with them coming back .
i would n't know since i play in gold elo and the whole reason i picked up udyr was to be a splitpusher but i think it 's pretty relevant to this post specifically .
i decided not to based on already having netflix prime video and then see imax movies when they are dope like black panther 😁
i like brisket hash but i prefer ricky 's hash
... and now this https youtu.be/ew1am8zydnu is back in my head cheers op .
howard or engram or allen with gronk out ... normally have graham but on bye
what you mean is there is no hard proof which is different than evidence .
proof means its done if there is proof then there is no need for your opinion a9lan .
the judge does not wait till the killer says i did it '' .
if there is no hard proof then the judge will make a decision based on the evidence .
sometimes when there is no strong proof there is still strong evidence .
if a man disappears for 2 weeks and his fiancee says he did n't come out of a building that is strong evidence .
any logical person defending himself will show a video/picture of the man leaving .
you show the picture and then if you have the picture and showed it then you can sit and talk about maybe this woman has some other motivation .
you are an individual human being something created you .
you have to be loyal to everyone to your creator to your education to your neighbors to your schoolmates to the people who work and build your nation with you to your mother and father and children and siblings to the family of the citizens in trouble to all .
if you are only loyal to one thing then you are disloyal to everything else and ca n't be trusted by your community .
your country does n't need loyal people who press pause on their brain in difficult situations .
calmness is good but not to stop your brain from processing a problem .
your country need loyal people who use their brain the most .
but your country your country all the people and the future and the communities and the souls and the hard work it needs you to use your brain .
of course there are people who hate saudi arabia of course there are people who lie and say terrible things about saudi arabians .
this is not your fault and it is not in your way .
you are in control of your life and your ethics and your mind .
you are driving your life those things/people are bumps on the road .
you do n't park the car and wait on the side if there 's a bump on the road .
we want so much to move forward and things like this remind us that our history has created many enemies pressure and problems .
a lot of people on social media say terrible things about us and want to destroy the countries where our families live you see a lot of comments of people saying they should bomb the middle east and stupid things like that .
and at the same time we feel our soul is connected to the people who live with us and share our story .
but we have the ability to choose to think and act better than everyone else .
as long as we have control of our own mind and body we can do that .
yeah jokes on them i was only half circumcised i 'm the best of both worlds .
share them through the game to your forza hub .
you have been given one point for this answer .
i hope you went back and told her and gave her the middle finger hope you 're doing alright my guy
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought .
please remember that as per rule 1 all showerthoughts must be original and unique .
i 'm not reposting it i 'm saying i found it on another subreddit and included ops username .
also technically a repost is the same post in the same subreddit not on all of reddit .
i believe it 's a cross post but i might have done it wrong .
the only way they 'll get majority is by cheating making up lies or opening a border .
i do n't see you as just politically different .
i see the entire democratic party as no longer american ... no longer even worthy of my consideration .
i ca n't believe how many people gasp when i say i play manual .
it definitely teaches you to focus on more than just looking at the road in front of you .
in my opinion it 's important to make known where you 've been and what you 've been through in relationships when trying to start a new one .
the downside is that you have less choice of cars or they 're more expensive because they have to make reversed models for you .
also makes driving a tad harder if you ever leave the country
you can tell she has a heart full of love and is a very good dog .
it does n't and somehow not a one of them manage to catch the irony in using a 'meme ' rooted in the poorly disguised troll farm that is 4chan to accuse their opposition of being thoughtless .
if you sacrifice a probationer before their first arrest a magical fork will appear in the station 's cutlery drawer it 'll be the only one in there .
use it to make an offering to the annual leave decision makers .
make sure you do it after dealing with a facebook argument or the door may fail to materialise properly .
once you 're inside you have just one standard shift before the doors close behind your .
the question i asked myself was is there some kind of social adjustment '' programme available ?
i mean squibs are born into magical families they are raised with no idea of how any muggle society works what kind of jobs they could apply for and all that !
are squibs really so seldom that the wizard community simply does n't care what happens to them ?
so maybe filch did n't know how to live anywhere but the wizarding world or he did n't want to know in case there is some kind of teaching programme for squibs ?
why would you pick another kamehameha wave over a spirit bomb ?
oh i 'm sorry lol i didnt see that part .
i dunno man your account history seems to be telling a completely different story .
most likely those who are new to reddit are using it .
i do n't like lewis so it 's between johnson and barber for me .
and with how inconsistent and sometimes bad johnson has been i like barber .
i 'm a browns fan so it sucks but we 've been gashed by backs before and this looks like it 'll be a high scoring game .
you 'll be fine with either johnson or barber but duke has just been inconsistent
no matter how hard you tried in life everyone hated you .
your family the people at school teachers and students .
as time went on no one cared about your gift and just treated you like crap regardless of what you could do .
even at nasa whilst training they thought you were nothing .
so much so they did n't see the threat .
well now on the shuttle looking back at earth you literally hold their lives between your fingers .
my comment was n't on-topic with regard to the article .
thats one of the coolest small world scenarios ive heard !
almost never happens to me and i 'm playing on a gaming laptop with no ssd .
it says right in the chapter of genesis that adam and eve were forbidden to eat from the tree of knowledge .
the idea is that in order to remain in paradise and in god 's favor you must remain a clueless idiot .
abrahamic religions all depend on you remaining stunted to gain god 's love .
power and control is their only goal and knowledge and education are the enemies .
imo perkz is the mid i would want for my team because he is more reliable .
caps is very skilled but he plays too aggressive and try unnecessary risky plays that are a pure gamble .
your point applies to the reddit hivemind and also other unpopular opinions in general .
any pro-lifer gets downvoted and destroyed any trump supporter outside of t_d gets shunned etc .
i agree with you all this does is make people go back to their respective echochambers because of how unpleasant any interaction outside of it is .
especially with vaccines because we are talking about life and death people tend to kneejerk pretty strongly and reasonable discussion goes out the window pretty fast .
my parents prided themselves on teaching me critical thinking and also the love of the written word .
i was homeschooled until i was sixteen and adored the library where i was left unsupervised .
i was a horny teen and also bi from a young age .
i really enjoyed everything erotic and had a hard time controlling myself .
it felt so good that i had trouble wrapping my head about why it was meant to be so terrible .
forums like freejinger and just general blogs criticising the beliefs i grew up with a mixture of anger compassion and humour that really appealed .
i left my religion at 19 and have never gone back .
i 'm open to it but nearly ten years later the same questions crop up and i will not lie to myself to be comfortable .
i was going to point out the 20 as well but i would also argue your point still stands .
even if money is not an issue the 20 increase is still a questionable upgrade .
it 's a critical time for trans people this decade i think in regards to human rights .
i hope we do n't have to get worse before we get better .
my opponent has ekeler but he started lindsey and mixon is his other starter .
if only he did n't play christian kirk at his wr and is forced to flex hopkins .
have to say golladay he has n't been catching reeling in the passes from baker so i do n't see many going his way today
it 's worth the watch of you have n't seen it https youtu.be/2xuynrdzzsm
brick top you 're always gon na have problems lifting a body in one piece .
apparently the best thing to do is cut up a corpse into six pieces and pile it all together .
sol would someone mind telling me who are you ?
brick top and when you got your six pieces you got ta get rid of them because it 's no good leaving it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover now is it ?
then i hear the best thing to do is feed them to pigs .
you got to starve the pigs for a few days then the sight of a chopped-up body will look like curry to a pisshead .
you got ta shave the heads of your victims and pull the teeth out for the sake of the piggies ' digestion .
you could do this afterwards of course but you do n't want to go sievin ' through pig shit now do you ?
you need at least sixteen pigs to finish the job in one sitting so be wary of any man who keeps a pig farm .
they will go through a body that weighs 200 pounds in about eight minutes .
that means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute .
hence the expression as greedy as a pig . ''
but like you said rank 1 means nothing and it 's too easy to get to
you 're not going to find a accurate answer .
a lot different variables of the subject quality of product etc .
what shows up f e e l s as .125ug to 4mg for 1 subject might be .5-.7ug to another for 4mg .
plus different benzos have stronger affinities to different sub receptors .
sorry for the technical talk but anybody giving comparisons while trying to be sincere should prob offer a range rather than a set
leuten mit 3 x die studieneignung so abzusprechen halte ich auch für falsch da die schulnoten sich ja nur um durchschnitt handeln es aber durchaus starke gefälle zwischen fächern geben kann .
und zwischen lehrern ein schulfreund von mir hatte in biologie in 12/1 elternzeitbedingt eine andere lehrerin als in der restlichen oberstufe seine noten 14/13/2/14 auffällig oder ?
und zwischen jahrgängen letztes jahr war die prüfung viel einfacher ! ''
und zwischen schulen und zwischen regionen und zwischen bundesländern .
den nc könnte man vielleicht retten wenn man nur bundeseinheitliche prüfungen zur bewertung nutzen und mündliche noten abschaffen würde .
aber das ist in den nächsten 20 jahren leider sehr unwahrscheinlich .
i checked and yes it does have tomato purée as the second ingredient
it 's just gon na grow back either let it grow or replace it with something else
i hate sunday 1pm games not good for us aussies .
why are there so many fake stories on this sub ?
was it the 50 man unit supporting them that caught you ?
you might want to just leave some men to die if you really ca n't escape .
nah i used to smoke a lot but am old and boring now .
depends on what you 're doing in addition to tolerance .
if you 're mobbin ' around at a party you 're not gon na fall asleep but if you 're chillin on a cozy bed watching a movie it 'd be super easy to just pass out .
i would love to ask how you got it but sourcing is not allowed here enjoy it .
no it turns what he was actually doing into a tool for the state .
michael keaton 'batman ' look like batman act like batman not batman .
jacked to the nines with all his workout routines .
but he charmed the pants off diana and he won a fight against superman .
except i managed to come up with ten bucks brooo noodle life
i second the powerhouse 5 unless i 'm in a ditch then it 's just my kleins and and my large flat blade
not really cause he 's calling it crappy design when it 's obvious he moved the sign just for the picture ?
i do n't think that even that much is true .
it 's more that the most extreme ones get remembered the most .
so you are getting warped view due to having in mind the most extreme positions .
especially when combined with media that thrives on controversy which puts such views into limelight resulting in a positive feedback loop .
every cart we pull from at work is like reading a book backwards .
the papers we have in each cart is read from bottom to top .
this is so hard to train new people with because it 's like hey you know how you have this order of reading you learned from the last 20 years of your life ?
only reason we do that is because well that 's how we did it in the old building ''
we lined up around 6:30ish and were in the line across the street went inside got merch and were in the back of the venue when we finally got into general admission around 8:20ish but during brianstorm we got pushed to the front and ended up almost barricade
yeah i 've never seen the larger tubes sold in packs of three before it 's usually only two .
this seems more like a two pack for sale and they made too many little ones and were like shit let them have the little one too !
mods if you let me have eddie do n't let your dog out around me '' alvarez as a flair i would be greatly appreciative
the industry can take care or itself free market will sort our the dead respond to the feedback .
i feel like this last bit is n't necessarily true .
men have been socially conditioned not to be directed by or be too in touch with their emotions which is why women are better at solving emotional problems it 's a generalization .
had to break some habits and relearn when i switched to kotlin and my coding speed dropped a lot and it still is n't up to my java standard a few months later .
personal preference but i accept it when i need to get on with the times .
hi i 'm coyote peterson and today we 're entering the pirahna zone
after shitting on the game for the better part of a year .
that shit is n't happening so i 'm gon na try to be a surgeon instead
virtuos studio switch ports are somewhat embarrassing so far to be honest .
first of all la noire had lower draw distance than last gen consoles and now we 've darks souls with downgraded effects and lower audio quality over last gen consoles .
both games run fine on the switch with obvious upgrades but i just ca n't accept the fact that some aspects of these game are lower than ps3/xbox 360 .
so many shauna supporters voted for kennedy to avoid splitting the vote .
voter 's obviously thought shauna 's and kennedy 's platforms were similar enough to allow him the win and her a huge chunk .
that shows that the progressive voters in vancouver cover a huge majority .
the npa came together for the council election but i imagine it was easier since there were too many splits on the other side .
but you can see the majority again in the park and school board elections .
you really just have to learn and do things the way you are comfortable doing them .
you cant go and watch videos and read and think you are doing to replicate exactly what someone else is showing you .
you have to put your own little twist or spin to everything to make it unique to who you are .
i would start by researching the niche and really understanding if it is something people need or want .
use shopify guides and tutorials to start learning but dont be afraid to look at youtube other reddit streams podcasts and other sources to really learn how to grow such a business .
another thing to was very helpful for myself is to go and look at other people 's stores see what you are doing better then them see what you could improve or add to your store look at their layout etc .
all these things can give you some background knowledge to really input into your store and hopefully make your story and store a success .
it 's so nerve wracking for us grandmas too .
the joke of the apache copypasta is about trans people .
man if you 're gon na make these kinda jokes at least own up to it .
like wearing blackface then saying you 're not mocking black people lmao
as a casual vaper i get turned off by the dank/weed/crazy cloud stuff .
i really appreciate good friendly customer service that 's also honest and not just pushing the expensive products i do n't need .
it took me a long time to walk into a real vape shop and switch from gas station cigalikes .
i try to imagine if i was a 60 year old person trying to switch to vaping in order to quit smoking cigarettes and i ca n't imagine many of those types walking into several of the shops because they would be even more uncomfortable than me .
when sales clerks know a lot about the juices and make suggestions after listening to me i 'm much more likely to try something new .
but i get that you likely sell more products to the hobbyists ...
i do n't know if it 's legal or opening yourself up to suits to market your product as a quit-smoking aid but i feel like in the right location that tactic could be great for some shops .
edit i am sucked in to rewards programs as well .
one of the reasons i order from blue dot online is that they offer a one cent 10ml juice sample with every order .
another brick and mortar store chain in my area had wednesday specials for a while and that brought me in in the first place .
they 're not running those anymore and i never go there anymore .
it does n't take a genius to see that .
then you should try to find a cat in the internet .
those are places with animals looking for new homes .
i 've never been jealous of a bird 's eyes before but damn.. this ones got some purdy eyeballs .
i thought people are more mad about that it will be multiplayer instead about graphics .
yes and i owe you an apology my lady . ''
his voice was hushed barely reaching over the court 's constant throng .
in addition to that brom 's fight is over .
his saphira is long gone all that is left is an old body and a mind full of sadness .
he did the last thing he wanted to do by the extension of eragon and the varden he caused the downfall of galbatorix and avenged everyone that he had ever cared for .
he died protecting the last person that truly mattered to him eragon .
this is a beautiful death and we should admire it .
respect his death for he died for the right reasons and he died the way he lived .
i remember noticing that in the republic of ireland diesel was less expensive than gasoline but in northern ireland it was more expensive .
they are going to allow all of them to be upgraded to level 13 eventually anyways .
sc clearly wants th12 to be difficult after this update and level 13 walls take an extra hit from a ww to break .
leasing is not for you ask again when your credit is above 660 .
! 1 clearly if usa soccer just did things exactly like england all other sports would become irrelevant and the usa would win all the world cups .
i 'm definitely going to drive an hour into the burbs to watch a semi-pro team rent a high school field .
they 're doing football the right way unlike those professionals whose games are on espn and who launched the most successful american sports league since the nba .
right but not coming to a deal with the eu does n't mean the uk parliament ceases to function .
just be decent it 's easier than you 're making it out to be .
yeah you can easily avoid dependency hell by just not using caret dependencies .
i do n't know mac and charlie just beating the everloving shit out of a group of children got a deep belly laugh out of me .
you 'd get paid 8 hours on the holiday for a day off .
dear openthouse when i was 18 i had my first mfm threesome .
one dude was an overweight short balding man having about a 2 dick .
his cock was what sealed the threesome deal tbh .
as soon as i unzipped his pants and saw that my mouth was immediately all over his dick .
when he was inside me i was sitting on him and then he was behind me .
all the pussy/clit combo stimulation i could hope for .
he knew how to use that dick his fingers his mouth and how to dominate .
one of my top fucks and reason for my affinity for shorter bald overweight and/or small to average cocks .
also just to clear up a few 'mysteries ' that people were confused by
u/bubbasaurus used her action on herself the first time u/kemistreekat tried to attack her .
the second time failed because the rules forbid targeting the same player twice in a row .
u/zerothestoryteller was doctor finklestein and believed that their action could protect them from the lynch and that they could use it on themself continuously .
if you were a regular townsperson and your action failed the answer is probably rng .
i just did n't like his voice at all in dxc .
he 's not exactly the most expensive actor to get we nabbed him for bloodstained fairly easily in our kickstarter goals .
man i 'm sitting here wishing they were n't advertising at 9 something in the morning .
obviously he wants to engage with potential dem voters because that 's who he supports .
nobody is going to accidentally vote democrat because of a link on a youtube video .
if you are on the collapsing floor which fell 1 floor down with the amount of people from the gif on it
question here ebay this month i past the metrics needed to be top rated so yesterday was my evaluation and i figured i will get a notification telling me i was now top rated .
in my dashbord all it changed to was it says if we evaluated you today you would be top rated but it says that i am currently above standard .
also i surpassed power seller metrics and it says nothing about that .
with all the bullshit emails they bug me with i figured i would get one telling me congrats or something or what to do next if anything to get my status to the next level .
it is a milestone for us noobs and i was looking forward to it .
bruce riedel a senior fellow and director of the brookings intelligence project writes that everyone with whom he has spoken in the defense industry and on capitol hill says that the supposed 110 billion deal is actually a bunch of letters of interest or intent but not contracts . ''
in fact a lot of these proposals which the pentagon calls intended sales '' are just arms that defense contractors speculate that the saudis might want at some point .
you do have to scrounge around for them a bit but they 're really not all that hard to find
i 'm still so salty over game 1 between og and skt .
if amazing did n't suicide under the turret it could seriously go og 's way and looking at it from today 's perspective getting a single game off skt at 2015 worlds was a huge achievement on its own only koo managed to do so .
could you do just dawn of war 3 for it ?
comments consisting of mere jokes nakedly political comments circlejerking personal anecdotes or otherwise non-substantive contributions without reference to the article economics or the thread at hand will be removed .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the mods message/compose ? to=/r/economics subject=moderation .
what decisions might the poorest among us be faced with when they are unable to access money they need through legal if usurious channels ?
this reminds me of iranian fashion in the 90s when i was a kid and loving the way younger women styled their hair under their scarves .
instead of balancing tanks fixing mm figuring out what to do with premium ammo and fixing bugs they do the following
they have done nothing to make the game better in any way .
even the recent pmm tank buffs were a joke !
i wish people would stop spending money so they learn that this route is n't working .
classic tactic say something absurd and then state that we need to be civil to talk to you such a cowardly act ... .
i thought he got made some time in between s5 and 6 after phil beat the shit out of him
i imagine benny feels like he got his revenge on artie by burning his hand and it probably would n't be worth it to just murder him and arouse suspicions so long as artie never gets out of line with him again which he probably would know better
but i suppose benny could still be stewing on that and if tony were out of the picture he might show up at vesuvio and push some buttons or try to intimidate or tax artie .
throw him a vicioussss beeeatinnn to say the least ... .
in a postseason full of magical moments my personal favorite is watching kyle walk off the mound while sweet emotion '' plays and the crowd gives him a standing ovation .
at the top of the dugout steps kyle finally raises his head and gives a single hand wave to the crowd just a guy who did his job taking the least amount of credit possible .
never has woollie found higher quality in his work switching to them just watching the show is full circle fucking great character development right there for woolie
well someone has to own and control capital in order for it to be allocated to productive ventures
ah we are very much on the same page now .
yes this is the crux of the problem and our current system provides a useful mechanism for determining this in theory successful entrepreneurs make money and can then reallocate it .
what could make more sense than for people who know how to get things done to say where capital should go ?
this is really a question about how to manage surpluses .
in our current system a capitalist has private ownership of the surplus which they alone can hoard for their private use or deploy toward future uses .
i do n't think simple workers-own-the-means-of-production style socialism or central planning offer any kind of a solution by the way .
but i think the current system is far from ideal and that something better is possible .
first power should n't be concentrated in the hands of a few .
second private profit motive creates the problem of externalities .
we need a system that incorporates externalities much more deeply into our capital allocation decisions .
the problem with things like carbon markets and the like is that they are bolted on to what is essentially a system of private greed which is incentivized to ignore externalities and weaken legislation which attempts to deal with them .
while we solve these problems we need to preserve the things that capitalists rightly care about mechanisms for rewarding risk and talent .
i 've spent the last 10 years designing marketplaces .
it 's not easy to get the balances right but it is possible to innovate .
right so that would be a compromise for that person ...
i feel like you guys are n't getting my point compromises are different for different people .
my only claim is that they are n't universal as your post also says
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
the amount of pissy anger pointed at the guy is insane .
so what if he 's trying to do stuff that benefits us ?
so what if his super aggressive time tables do n't always follow through ?
the dude has given us a shit ton of stuff that has already drastically improved our lives or other industries .
it 's okay to temper people 's expectations but shitting on the dude is wholly unwarranted .
any straight dude would be an idiot not to accept a date with musk .
i just ca n't stand how the only options for abominations are kill or hide behind cover .
there 's no justification for them to have better aim tracking than anything else in the game when they hit like a truck .
needless to say those countries are not the united states babies .
unfortunately your submission has been removed from r/nottheonion because our rules do not allow
articles or subjects that have been featured here before rule 5 .
this includes minor updates to stories already featured here or different articles about the same event .
nobody wants to read the same old shit over over .
for a full list of our submission rules please visit our wiki page http www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/expanded .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you can check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
this decision was made by human mods the bot just does our dirty work .
if you have any questions or concerns feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnottheonion .
please include a link to the post you wish to discuss it does n't autofill from here .
also if you claim it 's not a repost and we can clearly point to the original here there may be mockery at your expense .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
theres tons of jokes about the state of out military some are grounded in fact but noone will ever tell you that canadian soldiers arent global respected by their brothers and sisters in arms .
you mean kill in the consulate and cut in piece ?
then why sa do n't kashoggi to be extradite ?
he did n't live in iran but in us sa 's best friend ... and yet they choise to make barbarous act which will haunt them for decade .
i 'm do n't know if you work for sa or simply so naive .
on a play that would n't have been a td anyway because burton was n't set .
it was n't mitch 's bad first half cohen 's fumble or the 247 yards after the catch that we allowed .
the obsession '' with howard is that he 's posted 1100 for the past two seasons is a pro bowl rb and has set franchise records for rushing yards .
yet nagy neglects him and is predictable and lazy with the play-calling .
scoring points does n't mean we 're doing everything right .
we 're making mitch throw 50 times in a game ?
i 'm always done for some wholesome yuri whether it 's lovey dovey or platonic .
is that what the kids are calling it these days ?
that 's because of low blood pressure not your size .
yeah i was thinking about just cloud transfering my saves over to the new one .
i started as a pyromancer so i used fireball to finish him off after plunging .
i pre-ordered the special edition for pick-up at best buy .
is getting there a half-hour early 8:30pm going to make any difference ?
curious if there will be a huge line or not and what everyone 's experience in the past was like .
if he 's not a mixed breed my guess would be a wooly malemute .
meaning the combination of characteristics expressed is unique and would not necessarily be duplicated even with breeding the same parents .
the next one will be nov. 11th i believe and will be the last one of the year !
should be a real treat of a ride if you plan on coming to it !
yesterdays was about 30 of us many more not included in this pic .
we all try to link up on bart around the same time and spend about a half hour just chillin before we depart .
so you 're telling me that if you drain a body of all of the blood in it all that you 're changing is density and not volume ?
and where are you getting the idea that the body is a rigid structure ?
also our body 's ability to withstand pressure changes does n't say anything about its ability to maintain its volume through those changes .
if you play fifa because of football then you should n't struggle by transitioning to pes .
we grind for weeks on end to afford our squad . ''
this is by far the easiest fut installation to earn coins .
you have wl sb and rivals weekly with varying reward depending on your skills .
nobody forced you to give ea any money or to purchase fp .
even at 15ms i can still get killed behind walls on a semi regular basis .
i do n't know why you would point to two games you say she had nothing to do with as evidence she is overrated .
why not point to the quality of games she did work on rather than subsequent games that might have benefitted from a standard she helped to set ?
bnib xbox play and charge kit sold to u/cr8zyk1d for 20 shipped
good job this is how my original increase looked as well .
nevermind the top row that was playing hots when lotv was already out nobody played so masters was much easier .
then the high diamond/low masters forever curse hit https imgur.com/a/fbcnh0q
i pray that you overcome that wall in your future glhf !
you 're gon na say that a disabled person was n't tortured ?
you sure love to shit on disabled people and torture them then pretend that nothing happened .
i would love for disabled people to rise up and start defending themselves .
but you people are so fucked up hoops barbaric and nothing more than a wild animal that the planet would probably be destroyed well before we could cut off ties with non-disabled people .
atleast i can take solace in the fact that y'all are such backstabbing drooling animals that i can just do nothing an watch as y'all kill each other in as many ways as possible .
smart decision not only because of finances but one less distraction from the baby .
good luck man enjoy and do n't get stuck up on video games
i have the same receiver and turntable but i am using them in separate rooms currently
not familiar with power mill at all but with the cad packages i 'm used to not using surfaces or solids limits your options
oh i was wondering if it was due to a fall/injury .
glad to hear it was for a more positive reason and glad you got back to climbing !
that escape sequence can be brutal for your first playthrough especially the tall vertical room with blue platforms .
die and be free of pain or live and fight your sorrow !
i ordered from an online shop locally in hong kong i wanted to order from overseas as well but the customs here in hong kong is very strict had a few shipments got held up before so i do n't want to rush it anymore that 's why it 's so hard for me to find it locally in hong kong people do n't even know what snus is and think it 's some kind of drugs when i describe it .
i just got invited to a comic-con themed birthday party in december !
on top of that it was almost a forced relationship where elfo wasnt really given a reason to fall in love with the mc but just automatically did .
compounding this was that he came across as clingy and passive-aggressive .
and the writers knew this and knew it made him unsympathetic to watch but they could n't think of anything else to do so they just highlighted it which did n't make him any more interesting as a character .
it felt like for most episodes elfo 's character consisted of nothing but being a passive-aggressive clingy nice guy . ''
i think it 's interesting to compare him to king zøg .
zøg is a deeply flawed character a terrible king and father and so on but those are n't his only character attributes you can see how he 's similar to bean and genuinely cares about her even if he has no idea how to raise or interact with her .
i think zøg was actually the series ' best character in some respects he reminded me of early-simpsons homer .
but he 's smart enough to realize how terrible he is at everything and he does care enough that it weighs on him which makes him more interesting in some respects .
i particularly liked the revelation that he 'd never wanted to be king and had an older brother who would have been better at it which explains a lot about his character .
whereas ... honestly the story keeps insisting that bean elfo and luci share this deep bond but so far i 'm not seeing it .
would you rather it constantly knock your hat off forcing you to either pick it up or lose it and buy a new one ?
i like older jeeps and the new gen jeep crowd keeps me away .
the whole angry eyed jeeps are n't my thing and seem to run rampant with modded ones .
you could look into a 4runner for similar results with better reliability .
i just noticed that peterman is n't even on that graphic but you 're probably right .
i know where it 's from i just think it 's dumb .
it 's diva era writing and does n't apply to the bellas .
it 's so easy to trap people in control cuz they literally never switch the spawns
i 'm thinking of getting an x-t20 just as a carry around camera when i do n't want to carry several kgs of camera stuff around
is that not just lord farquad but with a pirate hat ?
you would think that 's not a problem but it is .
tea works best with bags in the reusable coffee kcup fyi saves an assload of money
first and foremost fuck you kanye ... for making me do this shit .
they 've since released trailers and videos and marketing that would take a long time and resources to make before meltan ever appeared .
by not announcing it beforehand it created a huge buzz around the game and had tons of people playing just to see it for themselves .
they knew exactly what they were doing the entire time and it 's hilarious that someone would think this was ever a glitch they had no plans of having happen .
been playing and loving co-op games like l4d and vermintide 1 and 2 .
music atmosphere mostly cinematics hit physics on zombies graphics .
clumsy animation human ai has problems horde should move sometimes a bit faster couraging for co-op ?
moments that makes your runs thrilling and rewarding this lacks of it totally .
so full price this game is gon na sink deep in the bottom .
fallout76 and rdr2 coming same time there 's absolutely no players to keep this game really alive .
gameplay and the fun factor are what makes ppl coming back again and again .
in ogni pacchetto vedrai i giochi disposti in ordine da sinistra verso destra quindi usa quest'ordine
jimmy saville being one of the biggest pedo 's of all time
maybe you 're just trying to be helpful but it 's really not necessary to tell a nova scotian who worked in a restaurant that serves fish how to identify spoiled fish .
also if you read my post i did n't say anything about smell .
edit guess i was n't gentle enough with my response haha .
i 'm sure you all love it when people think they know your job better than you do
good luck trying to make it past the try not to laugh challenge '' with this crew .
i 've had a couple of cases where people tried helping '' while i was catching the snake and i had to keep them safe and away from the snake whilst simultaneously trying o capture it .
damn maroon 5 out there making rdr2 look like the most violent romcom of 2018
why thank you it 's amazing how quickly a year comes around .
your title is too short please resubmit your post with a different title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
oh i do n't mean attachments or mods but simple qualitative differences that do require bookkeeping for accuracy but still add flavor to the game .
maybe go all-in in the log scale and have it end at 10 .
1-5 handles most gear and air rides 6-7 party ships 8-9 big payouts or merchandise and 10 the kind of score legends are made of .
but again i 'd carefully arrange the lower end of the scale so some details still matter .
absolutely a lie are n't you americans tired of being made fools of ?
the pharma companies have the gop in their wallets .
people educate yourselves on what the gop has done up to date .
it gave promise of greater power to the leading numenoreans he could n't brag of his own power any more because they had humiliated him whilst also making sure that the whole operation would piss off the valar .
his whole end game was to manipulate the valar into destroying numenor .
technically it was iluvatar that did the deed but ultimately he got what he sought out to achieve .
i feel like the hulk in avengers is completely different than the hulk in incredible hulk .
but you should still watch it if you think it 's a good movie .
if i walked into this house and saw that hanging i would feel out so damn hard ... that 's awesome !
same kinda things as others have said but honestly i think the lack of detail in the eyes make it look more sinister which is something i personally enjoy !
the wall mounts and screws probably should match the wall .
and maybe paint the mouth black to make that haunting haunter smile pop lol
f ing sweet idea it looks badass as is !
i play a lot of pop that does n't have negative words/themes or piano guys
the people in the series are living through the dark ages .
not just any dark ages but a magically induced dark ages .
tar valon is deeply infiltrated with black ajah so it is right that they suspect them of all being witches .
this is just one example but there 's more that can be explained when you take into account the proposed setting and the machinations of the forsaken particularly ishy over the years .
google still to this day has wifi and bluetooth bugs in pixel 2 .
some things they just do n't fix and let the phone die .
you can watch it live if you have the most coveted~~**covfefe pee pee premium subscription .
if you make it right chili really is n't all that unhealthy .
what i understood is that sunshine allowed mael to surpass his brother during certain times of the day otherwise ludociel is stronger .
he 's a businessman ... he 's embarrassed that he put blind faith in his wife to find this opportunity and he enabled it by providing her with the funding network and resources to do so .
i was the only person to ask the hard questions and funnily enough the only person that did n't lose anything to the scam .
it goes to show that mlm 's prey on easily influenced people .
i may take that later if i ca n't get more while i 'm at work today .
and now i cant ask for extra ice cream .
reminds me of salem from sabrina the teenage witch just with the head movements .
when i 'm high i do n't give a fuck about anything so never
i 'm guessing there is a water problem in austin for the residents meaning it will be a water delivery day for people panicking
at this point firing marvin would be mike brown admitting that for the last 15 years he was wrong ...
if you wanted ice cream you could check out halo top which is a lot lower in calories and fat and actually tastes very good .
that 's great that you found what dose works for you .
1mg is good for me too it felt weird eating so little of an edible but i guess i 'm just a lightweight !
not sure the rear der could take it though .
i 've had this in bf3 a few times .
and if you do n't want it to take 3 minutes to load in you can just buy a ssd .
i 'm late by 15 days and i do n't know how active this subreddit is .
be warned that the song list is pretty big right now .
i bet it is over 30 pages in the it might be easier to browse songs in the riff repeater or wikipedia lists and then search for those titles/artists in steam .
also if i remember correctly some songs were released as singles only but later they made them into packs .
the thing is that the system does n't boot in the first place
the teeth/eyes/nails are very attention-getting they are fairly unique and rather grotesque .
this is perfect for some games and not-so-much for others .
i believe that a more generic looking zombie might have wider applicability .
take all that with a grain of salt i 'm not an expert on this market just a consumer .
got an outlaw rampagne one but my problem is i barely use it except some patrols as a titan main using sunbreaker with melting point ikelos shotgun is just too good .
when i change weapon just to have some more difference in weapons in use i often immediately change back when dps is needed
i think those marks on her arms are supposed to be water but given what she gets up to they are more likely to be scars .
the op 's the one who said spends hours '' not me
are they smart enough to not fight something that would definitely kill them ?
your spelling hints are really shitty because they 're all essentially remember the fucking spelling of the fucking word '' .
i 've learned that i ca n't play rocket league standing up or else i 'll fall over when going for an aerial .
you might be remembering a different title or were using an emulator of some sort ?
i 'm surprised you did n't add in the viewing angle to the image .
the crashes during big tidi fights also has other side effects like putting massive of pressure on the login server because people will spam login when they crash and wants to get back in again and this create a ddos like situation that makes the problem even worse .
so hopefully the 64bit client and resolve a number of issues .
it 's ironic that the server itself doesnt have as much problems as it used to have dealing with massive fights and instead it is the client and the login server that is the biggest problem at the moment .
could it also be possible that the wave of refugees from 2015 may also be the cause ?
iirc one time he played poker in the dorm with some other guys and as soon as he was out he went to the ra to say there was illegal gambling going on .
marshadow is the only one out of the ones you listed that are obtainable in s/m if i remember correctly .
dude look i 'm just trying to get reckoning but i 'm a few thousand xp away
it would have been a joke back then just as it is now .
we actually do n't i have been buying my own boots forever but have n't submitted .
great to hear will add dr. phil to the police/priest authority figure list .
congratulations on finding the right way to reach your loved one i am happy that your mother finally saw the light .
i would rather win the supporter 's shield by winning our game .
it just would n't feel right if we lose to toronto but still get the shield because of orlando winning .
it 's reddit any chance people get to feel smart while at the same time doing no work they take .
none of the people who downvoted me watched the video .
it 's common actually even in the most obvious of wrongful convictions
i doubt someone will shift their money in chinese stocks to something like us bonds .
most of the map is still under the f.o.w fog of war so the maps borders are n't yet visible in it as they have n't traversed enough around alot of the maps fuzzy edges and black lines show that the map extends to the north and the west still so that 's most likely why .
my girlfriend bought a mid range pre-built from them .
not only was the hard drive and front fan not plugged in upon arrival but one of the sata power connectors broke off with little force and the stock cpu fan was n't even the oem one that comes with the processor and it was howling loud .
well then i guess the empire are fond of rounding people up for summary execution .
there were like 5 or 6 replays with tony pointing out open receivers that dak is n't throwing to .
the line has been pretty shit this year but dak needs to just make some throws rather than sitting in there until it 's too late .
i thought it was kinda weird about the axe murderer in the beginning as well .
it seems like most of these stories start off with some troubled child hood experience witnessed murder abusive/serial killer parents chronicly ill mother abusive over religious parents child left alone all the time .
it leads me to think more of trouble children who either need attention or who 's past experience has led to mental illness leading to vivid hallucinations .
i actually had to stop watching episode 5 and find somewhere to get this all out .
i like the show but idk a lot of the episodes arent sitting well with me and the true story '' stamp on the front makes me feel like i 'm being lied to .
my friend has one of these things in his bag
it 's sad because there 's been rumors of the new club penguin club penguin island shutting down as well after i think a web page leaked by disney .
i currently have bonucci and i 'm not too eager to have 2 cbs without feet but i concede almost a penalty every other game thanks to him .
from what i was told here earlier they will apply their usual fee structure to the final sale price .
so if the final sale is for over 15 they will take 20 .
and if it 's under then i guess they will take 2.75 .
unless fgo changed something from the original story it appears that it was raikou who did the deed .
that whole album is wonderful and yet chilling to listen to .
we 're trying to strike a good balance between different extremes .
our goal is to create terrain that is interesting to explore while containing plenty of variety .
we 're by no means done with worldgen we have a lot of big plans !
make sure to blind throw a bomb as well just in case ... .
i 'm thinking it 's a great example of the policy of do as i say not as i do ''
if burt noone was to use the sort of incautious language that is used in these examples the old bill would be stomping down their path as a detour to belmarsh ...
everyone uses the same kind of hyperbolic rhetoric to emphasise the gravity of the situation and within the same conversations people know it 's allegorical .
we 're not granted the same coherence of logic as is afforded to politicians and that 's just wrong .
can you not just start doing this on another floor ?
if push comes to shove just say the toilet in your floor makes you sick to hr
dad 's are gon na be bursting onto the pro scene
people liked it enough as the callback to delver of secrets .
wow i 'm more of an asshole than you .
noted ... but i 've said it 1000 times i 'll stop using telesto when people stop charging me with shottys .
i 'll admit the guns a hack but i 'd rather be called cheap than get a mouth of shotty every 5 seconds .
it 's the best counter ... trust i 'd much rather use other guns but every time i try to switch it up and snipe or whatever i just get bum rushed and it 's impossible .
very true i think atleast that it 's another modern day equivalent of a haruspex
ming lee must be the ceo at bluehole ... sucky sucky 5 everything 5 !
and i can see with the lines you used one continus stoke giving a clear image !
not to mention the pose and the lack of emotion is really well put togther to illistrate the mood !
the only thing id say to work on is using your sholder to make the lines rather than using your wrist to make the lines more stable and clean .
also using and practing from paw refrences to help get the stucture right .
but i would suggest using consruction for it same as the character so you have more certainty for the lines rather than 'scratches ' to make the shape .
this is a very solid piece and i think you should be very proud !
nasus is an exceptional split pusher with stacks triforce and demolish towers fall instantly you can even grab dark harvest for cheese otherwise inting sion top stack health zzrot and demolish and you push the entire game without grouping
click on the magnifying glass in the bottom left of the screen
you can see the cheapness of the knitting and the sole just is n't the correct type of rubber and the text is pretty much pixelated
and these snarky you are just plain wrong '' comments are really irritating btw .
for aguero you do realize other stats make a difference right ?
i would think that hes just as fast in a straight line and his finishing is just as good but composure agility reactions balance shot power etc .
make it seem worse because of your definition of speed .
the same can be applied to that icon argument of course they wont play the same as the prime but not because of two categories alone .
enjoy it while you can because once you hit 30 your dick wo n't work anymore and you will lose value as a man
kaya always have dropbox onedrive google drive or other data syncing service be linked to your documents folder para hindi masakit masiraan ng computer at walang access ng data .
you got part of it right 1 defence means lower combat and maximum damage like a glass cannon if you will in an rpg .
its also really fun imo the fights are fast paced .
you see mains fighting and it 's a lot of 0s gmaul spec 0 0 .
also they are arguably the strongest in their bracket for pvp before void nerf there is no doubt void shredded everyone .
look at you talking about fallacies like you know how to think .
the story that season 6 is hinting at is ... .uhhh ... what again ?
with shurmur again ... that would be a great team .
smh people need to stop commenting on things before they 've done their research .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccer if you have any questions or concerns .
with an off peak or anytime you could have .
also never use thetrainline it sells the exact same tickets at the exact same price as any toc website but adds a fee on top .
i 'm in switzerland and thus get 3 days off from school .
on the other hand i have n't heard anything about a good friend of mine living pretty far away for nearly 3 weeks now which is worrying to say the least
and you see kids if you look to the left as we pass the next part of our tour you will see why valve no longer allows sprays on their servers .
peter casey was such a racist to suggest otherwise .
where are all the head-in-the-sand crew to deflect and deny these facts ?
they obviously do n't get up early in the morning ...
can we please go above level 45 in sandbox ?
it would n't be hard to implement at all .
more than 33 upgrade points when you go above lvl45 would be nice too .
thanks for taking the time to explain it to me .
oh wait this was the group that was founded by u/polyamorousnephandus 's abuser is n't it ?
a minority owns a gun but they make it look like that all americans owns guns and that all americans must have a gun !
have those 75 been asked if owning a gun is a 'dead right ' for them ?
yeah in any other 'democratic ' country a minority with a lot of guns and school shootings 'accidental ' there are no accidents with kids just dumb parents killing of kids by guns gun violence that minority would have no access to guns .
what if the 25 where muslims or 'immigrants ' ?
now downvote to hell i know its hard should you downvote because of a stupid™ opinion or because you do n't like 'attacking ' guns
i appreciate it and wish you all the best 3
that 's kind of how huge scale clashes work .
you do n't look at something like marineford from one piece and go yeah that 's pretty straightforward '' .
naturally the inclusion of many strong characters will create a lot of branching sub-plotlines .
it happens on asia server to everyone from australia and new zealand been like this for nearly 2 months now
thanks for showing the exploits for them to get removed
london and likely within 50m of buildings persons or vehicles so it 's not okay .
ar was my first thought too but i think that 's more a 2040 thing .
mostly because products like google glass are still in the experimental stage they 're not even in the anyone can get 'em for an outrageous price '' phase of technology yet .
either a massacre or ... a rival gang was celebrating a gang members birthday at the saloon with drinks and wenches when arthur and the gang stroll in and things get heated .
idk tbh but that 's what i 'd like to think .
im guessing that 's because there 's a massive amount of people using it for pve and do n't bother unequipping it to play a few games
it does n't get better ... in ten years you will look at you now and think the same thing !
honestly you did n't even need to respond to him .
his comment is just plain trash anyone else can see that you made an awesome artpiece with inspired characters .
games i regret not buying digital are mario kart/tennis and mario+rabbids
however i found those games cheaper physical than eshop .
the only games i sold so far are crash bandicoot botw and puyo puyo do n't think i 'll sell the rest of my games but who knows..
it 's really hard to demote an entire division if you 're at gold 5 your mmr would have to be around silver 5 level in order to get demoted .
you also get warnings if you 're about to demote to a lower divison .
noob question how do you get those pics beside your name ?
pretty sure it 's in an episode of always sunny in philadelphia too
it turned out better than i could have imagined to be honest !
op stated he has a history of anger issues in the comments and that he has even had to go to anger management in the past .
im in posh area and still cant get rid of ptcl
koshka was op in beta then it was nerfed to the ground because ppl complained
my take on it is this it 's something a guy has got to go through and if anything you should send your soon to be husband or his dad at him because it 's just a talk that he needs to have .
i 'm not trying to be sexist but it 's a male thing especially this and i think they 'd have more success
also if you think reddit hate threads dont count as cyberbullying idk what to even say to you just read the comments here lmao .
reddit hate threads are the ultimate form of cyberbullying just look the most popular 400 upvotes comment in this thread is pure hate and abuse actually calling her mentally ill ...
it really did n't help that i had a black dressing gown hung from my door that looked like a dementor genuinely scarred me for years .
yet i watch it now and can appreciate how well done the scene is .
as a bonus as far as tv scenes would go the flesh from the new earth in doctor who was my first exposure to zombie like creatures '' and my mother works in a hospital so always really creeped me out .
i think he photoshopped it to create an original idea .
that 's probably why you 're in russia now ...
faudrait faire une carte partagée où on voit tout les chats des autres .
un genre de foursquare félin ou un outil de crowdmapping .
hi callmeulfrik your post youtube is now altering our comments re-uploaded has been removed because the youtube channel is not on our whitelist https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist-youtube .
to submit to our whitelist please view this link https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsekko8jfwopnwyjrn7-lkaydttwn5wvgijz9eevjlsmpqyisw/viewform responses which will allow you to submit submit a url for consideration .
if this was in error please message the moderators .
note we will not be whitelisting channels that do not adhere to our rules .
if you submit a rule breaking channel to our whitelist form we may match your form submission against your reddit submission and ban your account .
if you are deemed to be a spammer your account will be reported to the admins !
channels that will absolutely not be considered include personal blogs satirical or entertainment based channels non-reputable notable channels and blatant spam .
do not submit a channel for whitelisting that has rule-breaking content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
that team should still be 100 but avg time will probably be slighly worse .
how they did n't see certain classic movies and the same about not reading a classic book or not listening to a great music album .
do you remember the time beet came in and you could hear richard in beets headphones saying say the jews !
the jews and howard said ok tell the guys to quit talking into beets headphones we can hear it over the air .
i know it was n't an artie fight but your comment reminded me of it and my god that was so fucking funny .
he probably just wants to walk away from red bull as soon as he can .
deserves to be congratulated for simply bothering to even turn up at this stage .
i 'll never forgive him backstabbing the country over electoral reform i 'll never vote for him again
i tend to lean fiscal conservative but scheer has no platform other than shouting angrily about the libs '' and lost my respect .
he seems to think trump tactics would actually work here
as uninspiring singh is i might be defaulting to them .
or if the greens reverse their ridiculous policy on nuclear energy
are you kidding the bellas are the trailblazers of women 's division they started the women 's revolution by being so bad at wrestling ... that there needed to be a huge women 's revolution to begin with
more is better and leaving directions on how your particular school/clasroom works and where to find things makes the day go easier .
ive had some assume i knew how their particular school or classroom did things and i had to rely on students who may not be truthful or other teachers who were busy themselves .
also kids know what busy work is so being left actual work helps immensely .
i 've had a few leave work the kids had done previously or was clearly just work to keep them occupied and it made classroom management harder because they didnt take any of it seriously .
on the topic of classroom management a note about behavioral issues or medical needs is always something i really appreciate .
i had one teacher omit that one of her students was violent with known behavioral issues and it did not go well for me .
had i known beforehand i would have made him classroom helper for the day to keep him occupied and feel like he was contributing .
it does n't have to be super detailed but just something like little susie gets frustrated easy and may need additional help or johnnie tends to get angry and may need a bit of time to cool down . ''
if that were to happen it could turn into an interesting legal debate between sauber and ferrari as to who gets to keep his driving rights .
you need to buy a 4th edition hot wheels book it tells you how much the cars are worth with the picture and description of the car plus its pocket sized so you can take it with you hunting
going to a party that has theme of using your first initial .
so i need a costume that begins with j '' .
i do n't have a lot of prep time i do n't want to spend a lot of money everyone is gon na be pretty low effort i think .
but if possible i 'd like something creative not the obvious joker jester jack sparrow etc ... anyone got any neato j ideas ?
facepaint i will consider if it 's a super good idea .
yeah we 've crashed in the final 5 challenges every game .
we ca n't get to the boss because it always crashes mid 20 's .
the combined stress of zombies dying out and constant crashes late in the easter egg has made the egg unplayable for my team .
we 're just going rounds and exploring the maps some more until changes are made .
fyi i got my airpods on launch but the l side keeps dying on me now .
just so you know you should expect at least close to 2 years of solid performance .
if there 's nothing new at the upcoming event i 'm gon na order another whole set .
i 'm not gon na pay close to 100 about us 72 just for another l side .
he was injured seriosly only 1 time in dynamo missing 3 weeks .
idk what you are talking about being fragile '' .
he went to dortmund there were literally no players not injured something with physios then this happens .
feel for him he deserved to play in epl basically from dynamo-everton game .
i 've been running the same but replaced quickdraw with laser sight you can spam a couple shots from the hip in a mid-range fight and still one-shot the enemy
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
r/politics/wiki/index wiki_be_civil we are temporarily only allowing accounts with a combined karma of 100 or more to comment .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
his shit play calling and lack of adjustments every god damn game flys under the radar because of their record now .
also your family will enjoy getting a phone that is still supported and receives updates .
just feel that he might score where ings wo n't which makes it a ft ...
but will wait unitl the end of the week with that one no risk of him rising in price .
i 've seen that one how does it hold up after hours of gameplay ?
i have rather big ears and they tend to hurt after hours gaming
i 'm pretty new i feel like the game will collapse before anything i own is unique .
as far as i know they do n't have any youth or b team .
2 games thus far 20-1 http www.zerozero.pt/edition.php ? id_edicao=127331 .
you should n't have any issues by slowly making gradual adjustments .
the people telling everyone that they want to take away all the guns guns are democratic politicians .
dude the amount of rape comments is fucking scary .
no rules and people 's first thought is to rape ?
this really makes me want to go drive around with the interior light on
i did n't like that film either and yes 2001 should have won .
i also find it baffling that 2001 rosemary 's baby and once upon a time in the west were n't nominated for best picture .
edit u/theflyingjib explained why once upon a time in the west would n't be nominated that year .
i dont want to use the same gun over and over and over again
they are used to create better price discovery among exchanges .
when we finish origins it just cuts to samantha playing with toys .
if this cutscene is implied to have happened right after origins then there is no way sam could have been locked away from reality itself '' ?
a lot of great information here thanks so much if you could compare it to any existing titles what would you say it is closest to ?
if it 's small parts of multiple games pls do n't be afraid to say so !
did not have to click to hear it in my head that was funny !
i 'll guess i 'll go for a 100-120l tank
thanks totally forgot about nades i was manufacturing a minigun for this expedition .
hopin that my trigger happy pawn can gun and run them
ugh just a few days ago i was trying to print my boarding pass coming back from vacation .
it was n't even like the printer was out of paper or ink or anything like that .
i got it to print its diagnostic reports just fine and everything was green in the report too .
the man in gold looks like dio from jojos bizzare adventure .
it 's a gun so i 'd imagine it 'd have less drop .
she should n't in deed but dude if it 's another bb20 couple cough they would be bashed or called whore .
monza 18 was the one race where i thought yes hami can drive so who do you think will win f1'19
i laughed way harder than this had any business making me .
my cat loves spicy food and is n't bothered by sour stuff like citrus juice .
i 've found that initially she would chew on my ivy especially for attention and cause oh its like the catnip !
but after a while she gets bored and does n't really do it anymore .
most of them have committed treason and as the saying implies it 's only treason if you get caught .
i 'm not arguing bitcoin will never be stable enough to fullfill the role of a currency .
in fact that was the argument from bitcoin 's inception in 2008 until about 2015 .
bitcoin started at 100 percent market dominance and was the only crypto at its inception and for about half it 's lifetime was really the only crypto around .
proponents argued that it 'd be big enough that eventually there would only be small price fluctuations .
i believed this too and used bitcoin wherever i could to help promote adoption .
i spent it on overstock newegg peer to peer exchanges buying my trezor etc .
2016 had a large increase in cryptocurrencies and 2017 brought about 1000s more .
it 's doubtful one cryptocurrency is going to be big enough to be stable .
just so us speculators can use their stable coin when we think the market will drop ?
no they want to take over some of the payments space .
part of the problem there is the coaching staff basically announcing everything they do from gameplan to strategy to play calls .
people know before they do what they 're going to try
i 'm not even sure who this is but this is his reaction to zim telling him that this is the first time the vikings have beat the jets in ny .
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
titles containing certain characters may cause your post to be removed because i 'm trained to read unicode characters .
many emojis actually look like more than one character to me .
moderators will not approve a post with this removal message so please do n't ask .
instead you can title your post me irl '' or me_irl '' but you are free to try other titles !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've got a feeling the op comment is a joke
uh wesley just like dex seemed to be geniunely in love '' with fisk .
maybe there was coercion at one point but they 're way too into their role for it to be just coercion .
stockholm syndrome more like wilson got too much charisma for them to handle .
i think the fist idea of alcohol was to fuel the flamethrower with it .
nazis use satire because the burden of meaning lies in those that believe in their words .
when confronted they will back down and simply say now is not the time for discussion to paraphrase .
i 'm a firm believer in indexing but that bet started right at the downturn around 2008 .
traditionally active investing is better to do in strong economies .
first they need to get there and it is looking bleak without him .
life would be great if i had the balls to live it .
i 've had this happen to me a couple of times be it intentionally or not and very few people decided to act this way .
the acid blood is only a problem if it 's a virgin once that 's out of the way we gud
selling a 2-day ga escape ticket sd 250 pm me if interested .
mfw i 'm a fascist and everyone around me is like this
are you not required by federal law to use only faa approved locks otherwise they are open to being cut off ?
i do n't get what is so outrageous here other than the fact there was apparently no notice of inspection .
it 's funny because my dog loves chasing birds of any shape or colour but he does n't blink twice at a willy wagtail .
yeah i got as far as that but there has to be more .
the thing about medieval mercenaries is that they are trained to fight but with weapons .
a professional mma fighter is gon na he training day after day with only a few rests while the most training a mercenary is gon na have is some drills and marching .
now it 's possible that the mercenary has some wrestling under his belt knights could be mercenaries too .
but i do n't think it 's on the same degree as an mma fighter .
the mma fighter most likely tackles the mercenary to the ground and beats the shit out of him .
diese regelungen basieren auf erfahrungen der schengen-staaten mit menschen die die jeweilige staatsbürgerschaft besitzen und genauso können wir auf der basis unserer erfahrung dass fast drei viertel der wählenden türken in österreich für erdogans verfassung gestimmt haben https www.wienerzeitung.at/nachrichten/welt/weltpolitik/973195_tuerken-in-oesterreich-waehlen-zu-70-prozent-erdogan.html und damit mehr als in der türkei regelungen treffen die loyalitätskonflikte vermeiden .
right is today after acv apple cider vinegar rinse .
you guys i 've tried so many different products and nothing has done so well for my frizz !
put a few tbs of acv in a squirt bottle a filled with water .
after lo-poo i rinsed with the acv then put my hair in a bun while i finished the rest of my shower .
blueberry bliss leave in mop top custard and la looks gel .
squished with an aquis towel then air dry scrunch the crunch .
smelled like hot wings while i showered but once i rinsed it went away .
still got my victory she grounded me for a fortnight .
the most terrifying thing to me is the casualty in which this was carried out .
same as with the dipshit that killed a fleeing bail in ok .
no but he can torture the shit out of the bank teller .
so do i. i 'll hold hands with you if you want
would be the killer app for a vr game and make it mainstream like how hl2 made physics gameplay mainstream
just because more men are in power does not mean that it is necessarily harder for women to do so then men this does not take into account the different choices that women make .
is there roughly the same amount of women that are interested in political power as men ?
ron paul is about the best case scenario that you could possibly hope for as far as publicity and winning minds .
using him as an example you can see that it is n't really worth the cost for what you get .
his campaign spent over 40 million dollars in direct expenditures .
at least that amount was spent on his campaign indirectly super pacs grass root orgs etc along with hundreds of thousands of volunteer hours many of which led some activists into burnout .
there is no doubt that ron paul was effective but if only one quarter of the money or volunteer hours were spent on non-political strategies i strongly believe that a lot more could have been accomplished .
if a principaled libertarian or anarchist can use some local candidacy as a free soapbox then more power to them .
when you enter the realm of mainstream politics the massive financial and manpower investment that it takes to get anywhere very quickly makes it a no-win scenario .
i do n't agree with all of sk3 's aruments but i think he hit the nail on the head with this one .
i 'd pay 7k for an 88 4k oled with hdmi 2.1 .
it 's still cheaper than the high end projector with screen i was going to purchase in my entertainment room .
i feel like that 's tricky when you throw with the velocity that mahomes has but i 'm guessing he 'll get it ironed out .
i 've purchased about a half dozen pairs for the engineering dept i work with none have failed and everyone loves them .
the only complaint i have with them is the earpads .
they disintegrate over time which is why i buy upgraded pads like these https www.amazon.com/dp/b07d99xx9m/ref=sspa_dk_hqp_detail_aax_0 ? psc=1
make sure your request does n't violate the rules or you 'll be banned without warning .
mark your request as solved by changing the flair or by writing solved '' in the comments .
do n't abandon your post without thanking who helped you .
if there are hidden comments on your thread it 's because they have been removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
wow that whining sound man ... probably that girl that was eating all game
i can see the measurements now give me my 15 dollars and hour
your argument std=c++17 is not understood by msvc on the version hosted by compiler explorer .
are you sure this is how you activate c++17 with msvc ?
your u/downedarko post has been automatically removed because you used a non-descriptive title .
do not tell us where you found your badass whether you think it counts your thoughts about how cool he is or if you forgot to censor personal information last time .
make your title descriptive of the content of your post and resubmit .
use a quote if you cant think of anything .
if you 're really struggling or believe this removal was in error report this comment and a mod will check it out .
please censor all information that can be used to identify a person .
this includes but is not limited to first and last names usernames including your own profile pictures where a person 's face is visible subreddit group and online community names titles of specific posts and other information like locations city state etc .
this is to prevent brigading and harassment so we take this rule very seriously .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iamverybadass if you have any questions or concerns .
i would honestly look into buying stocks in companies researching better batteries .
a company that can create a much better battery can sell them to all the tech companies
being good salesmen or getting lucky for a year .
if they were winners they would be betting them not selling them
i 've seen the meme and yung nueva ecija thing but i 'm confused kasi i 've been seeing jamil kanser '' on my feed lately hahahahahaha
if there is a god in kingdom hearts it 's chicken little early in kh2 .
but ... would they accept subjugation even after imposing idealogy ?
edit also if you 're going to only use idealogy why not use militarist for more firepower ?
yet they somehow stayed metokur fans after destiny rekt him .
i 'm not white and my ancestor suffered a british man made famine in an actual colony .
were you ever dropped on your head as a baby ?
to reply to an earlier comment no i 'm not terribly knowledgeable about the bible but i am a christian who loves history logic and philosophy .
it 's a good thing the early church was made up of mostly greeks and romans who invented these things as formal practices .
honestly you 'd have to do your own research alongside any biblical studies like say you wanted to read the gospel of mark you would read mark but also research the background of mark the person it 's historical context roughly 50 ad !
that 's incredible proximity to the events for the time and loads more if mark makes a claim that can be bolstered by external sources .
it can be a bit exhausting but as a history nut i 'm okay with it .
i also saw an archaeological study bible at the local lifeway a while back it 's in the esv which only uses the oldest greek manuscripts for it 's translation almost exclusively all from before the 4th century and most from the 2nd
now i am off to tip a street musician .
so why they have stopped on gum and do n't add something to it as a gift ?
kiran sees the embodiment of evil '' and says you know what ?
i usually prefer splid as they dont need any signup to be done .
even though i am a heavy trump supporter im not one to be close minded .
the way i see it if i only read half the book i ca n't truly know what the book is even about .
and what illicit behaviour would you be referring to ?
i would like to add that i do really appreciate your non hostile feedback thats not very common for a trump supporter on reddit haha .
i would also really enjoy hearing your thoughts and beliefs on other subjects as well you seem like a really good person to have a healthy conversation with .
there is also a specific fire thread for government workers tsp at https old.reddit.com/r/govfire
generally speaking load up your tsp for the tax advantages .
you can start to build a second pile for use before age 59 later but starting heavy early will really make that tsp balance soar .
well it 's the only pll that has 4 variations yeah .
best way to combat that is learn a new alg for them and be excited to practise it .
it 's guaranteed not to come up for about a week then .
no one is supporting them but this is an issue that can and will be fixed with a simple software update .
it is n't an issue related to the amount of ram or the hardware it 's a bug .
even apple has shipped iphones with ridiculous bugs and they are historically pricier .
it 'll probably fix the memory issues hopefully improve battery at the same time and tune the microphone .
i would feel so guilty leeching off my parents more than i absolutely needed to .
they are people too and deserve to retire early or travel if they can afford it .
many parents have a hard time saying no and would give anything for their kids though .
wait a minute this is kill la kill all over again
if it were possible to simply remove the fetus in one piece and leave it to fend for itself in a test tube would you be ok with that ?
i 'm a happy hapa because i choose to be .
not because i think i 'm better than everyone based on my mixed race .
happiness comes in all forms and it 's taken many years for me to get to where i am in life .
i think putting people into categories is n't such a great idea because we as humans go through ups and downs all the time .
i ca n't say i 'm always 100 happy it would be ridiculous to say that .
not sure but i do know you 're not getting it on the 26th .
hank well ... saying cheese '' makes you smile apparently . ''
connor then perhaps you should have said smile . ''
i feel like it 's common to feel this way .
i sometimes find myself fantasising about a happy future ...
i just ca n't seem to see a path there .
you should play waht you are really like to .
i can craft golgari and selesnya with ease i have all the cards but i dont really like the style so i crafted counterburn and having a lot of fun with it .
eventually ill upgrade it to jeskai as soon as i can farm dual lands\\wc .
dont play the deck you cant afford mana base with .
excuse me i 'm on tinder and as you can see from my avid contribution to r/cripplingalcoholism r/bpdmemes proed that i am most certainly wife material s
i 'm never getting warcraft 4 return of the rts am i ?
the problem is that giving a platform to fascists inherently normalises fascist ideas .
but branding all opponents/wrongthinkers/dissenters as 'fascist ' trivialises fascist ideas
qflash headbutt is always a good call early on in lane .
there 's 9 or 10 guys after him most of whom we were not linked to i realize mitchell collins allen adebayo giles a reach i know anunoby kuzma hart bell and brown who are arguably better players even though we would never have taken the majority of them with the eighth and they are n't a fit with our roster .
dsj can also be better if he fixes up his efficiency and defense which is similar to how frank can be better if he completely rebuilds his handle aggression and tunes up his shooting .
i 'm not sure which one is more likely .
not a christian but my opinion is this is the biggest issue with christianity .
literally all the time dude get out of your echo chamber .
can we please zoom in on the spray can the nut is holding ?
except it 's not because it 's a significant part of most people 's diets
okay first of all you look like a completely different person !
i lost 40 lbs by counting my calories and people say the same things to me .
i do n't eat much for breakfast and lunch so my dinners are big and sometimes i get fast food or ice cream because i have the extra calories for it .
even though i 've told my friends about how i 'm counting calories they still go around telling people that they 're surprised i lost weight when i 've been eating nothing but ice cream and fast food .
it 's so frustrating because most of the time i eat healthy and i 'm able to eat junk food every now and then because i 've worked it into my calories !
so wait is it the 23rd or the 25th ?
downvotes were probably from people that did a double take that love double rye and thought they were missing out on a triple .
the two of them sharing that moment made me so happy .
kamara would become rb/flex and crabtree would replace hopkins in my lineup .
should be 7-0 so looking toward building playoff team .
well it 's a great thing that i 'm closest with hell !
what the fuck do these people do for a living ?
i wish i could quit my job for months at a time and do something fun .
yeah i 've jumped straight in front of a car when i was younger .
looked each way and in the time i jumped the railing to cross suddenly a car was braking right next to me .
did n't even know until it was meters away .
where are you and what network are you on that you can get over 59gb/month without dropping a new house mortgage every month ?
has the right atmosphere for a cursed image but the subject is straight from r/hmmm .
since you got the title wrong when you reupload it i 'll see you there !
do you know what will happen with the people who had already voted there ?
i heard it was n't many but will they be allowed to vote on a corrected ballot ?
what is the liquid you used and does it sort of reflect the colours too ?
fuck you alohas sandals i was busy talking to all my friends !
no you guys stay let them leave is n't that right alohas ?
also the shoes are ugly and look like they 're made completely out of shoelace .
i mean it is also a thing that is probably extremely difficult to get away with especially since the best forensic teams will be on your ass for weeks months or years .
but still like terrorists they are just pretty bad and make mistakes or get very unlucky and then only occasionally things go right .
its more likely for things to go wrong than right when it comes to murder .
it was so heartbreaking to see obie try to interact but not be able to keep up with the other dogs .
you know who else likes to play outside and keep up with their peers ?
but if it 's a revolver it 'll blow your fingers off
then would you be so kind as to name some of them ?
ducking reduces the chance of you being the path of least resistance .
but part of the lightning position involves keeping your feet close together and your heels touching which is meant to lessen the damage from a ground charge .
because we do feel there are forces we have no power over .
and the religions are trying to create public and communal experiences around this psychological feeling .
because it is quite possible that god does not exist in reality or in science but people continue to feel lost and do need some consoling ideal future fantasy .
you 'll sign your enrollment form stating you agree with being sworn in if your regular force it will also state your terms of service contract length .
other paperwork will include emergency contact next of kin memorial cross family care plan etc .
the news stations should have a list of water districts affected but it 's not just austin water .
it 's very easy to spot and the colors really contrast with each other .
it 's not easy on the eyes and just blares .
umbreon from pokémon had similar colors but it works so much better than this skin because they are softer blacks yellows
nezha the dude who everything thought was a girl pretty obvious
is that cat in a pocket and are you wearing backwards jean shorts for a shirt ?
i see a lot of people saying that and i loved origins .
thank you but this post is about what to do when you do n't want to dance at all .
also hard to say 100 but gal gadot is a goddess for sure .
i mean mexico is like totally paying for our wall in the north maybe they could get a buy-one-get-one-free deal at wall-mart and stick the other one on their southern border .
lmao op wishes that 's what it looked like when he slid one of these on lmaoooooo
mental illness is a serious problem in society today and social media only exacerbates the issue .
stinging slashes reduced the bonus granted to each tick of twin slashes to 1350 extra damage from 1500 .
just one week ago i got master dual wield weapons and golded them .
it is a mmorpg you see other players everywhere you go it has instanced maps just like ffxiv does the only thing that was similar to me from diablo or poe was the isometric view thats it
obama is n't the smartest president ever despite what the msm seems to think .
my guess is a handful of mediocre dept of commerce economists have a much better idea how the economy is doing .
how about we hear from them and not this idiot .
his unearned time in the sun should long since been over .
this was actually addressed in the training i took when preparing to scuba .
how to react if your mask gets knocked off your face .
water in your eyes only stings for a moment blink a few times to get the air away and when it 's just your eyes and the water it 'll feel pretty similar to having your eyes open in air except visibility will be less .
is there any rental company that i should stay clear off ?
read all the comments here and transform into bear grills
solo queue is full of toxic players like incarnation .
if they want to get there mind off of it help them .
if they just want to be held hold them .
populists inherently sell people what they want to hear .
it 's always a bunch of anti-elite fix all your problems pie in the sky bullshit .
a good huckster gets his mark to trick themselves into believing what he 's selling because that belief will be more powerful than an external one and it 's a lot less work for the huckster .
the more specific you get the harder it is to fool people because they 're no longer in charge of filling in the blanks .
geese are most commonly known for their ability to regurgitate large concentrated amount of their stomach acid stomach acid and spit it with a range of up to 450 meters.also their eldritch physique grants them some great perks.regeneration blood-bending some reports claim that a single goose drained all the blood from an elephant at a distance of 12 miles in 3.5 seconds assimilation of victims to grow larger ftl speeds and they are virtually indestructible.there is actually no difference between a normal goose and a canadian one they just killed a moose and assimilated it to grow larger they are the exact species .
amazing how we now compare real life to video games instead of the other way around .
it 's just that my hand is a but shaky .
you can go to any fast food and order 20 1 burgers .
i 'm totally going to steal this and make a youtube video of it .
then invite a bunch of little street kids and tel them to eat as much as they can .
i thought the tax deduction would be worth a lot more than it actually is i guess .
i 'll definitely prioritize the other things you mentioned over this thanks !
or a male version of young lady '' which i 've been called by superiors after that age .
vor ein paar jahren gab es änderungen am §184c .
ibiza got some but it is n't worth it at 17e a gram imo
when it comes to the virtual machine and web assembly we have communicated wrong about we support all '' languages integrated into webassembly .
actually we support numerous of the most common programming languages .
the truth is that we at the moment support c and c and 5 languages in total are under process to be integrated hence we support numerous languages but not all languages .
i do n't really see it as anything to do with the compressor unless the attack of the compressor is too fast and squashing all your dynamics .
also the same lavine 's and parker 's stats look true to the eye test as well
lpt if you are n't sure if it 's gas or not .
light a match or turn on anything with electricity .
better than the equiv i had as a kid for sure .
then there 's instagram where an attractive person 's face with 5 filters over it gets 5x the likes that your original meme does
essex really does breed some of the worst coming from another esser .
you might still be misplaying your zoo games you may just not be aware of them .
feeling comfortable with a deck and getting worse results is actually more worrisome imo than feeling uncomfortable and getting better results .
while obviously its nice to see the aims for winning trophies i think the growth targets are more interesting as thats what will help sustain and grow the game even further .
proper coaching set ups proper club set ups etc ... are necessary .
when you see the shambles that is going on in the fai at the moment its nice to see the irfu with proper plans in place .
i used to be on several stax decks monow uw bant gw bg monor etc etc .
right now i 'm thinking about a gw smokestacks list featuring tireless tracker exploration crucible of worlds but i 'm not too happy .
remember stacks basically exists on the back of turn 1 chalice/3-ball so exploration usually bites with the deck 's main job .
carbs are the only things that will kick you out of ketosis .
health-wise of course it 's best to eat as clean as possible but it 's certainly not necessary for keto .
unless you 're trying to eat super clean and wish to avoid all preservatives i 'd say go for it .
even if i no longer use some of picks they have served me very well at one point of time .
i dont expect the korean computer cafe is better than sakura personal computer thou
one good way to stop bleeding is to kneel on the site just use your whole or most of your body weight
omg i thought this was from the main sub mentally screamed
set him back in lane with a nice ole camp .
and then get dat magic resist and bully him .
of course bait out the gravity well and engage .
ganks are quite effective against a 1 stun champ .
use default tactics just change pressure on heavy touch team press on dpad if you want
as there is more than 1 italian team in f1 it is relevant .
those guys are driving 198mph for hundreds of miles with basically no driving assists besides power steering .
but it is n't any less boring than any other televised sport .
edit yes i know f1 rally and motogp exist yes i like that too .
my point is that nascar is still a motorsport and you can still enjoy it for what it is .
some people like football i like nascar so fucking shoot me
as far as body goes i wish i was more shapely .
i got the f50 in the wheelspin too sad to see that s942 was the highest i could get it .
on that note does it make any sense that the gt version of the f50 is dirt-cheap relative to the standard f50 ?
reminds me of those tiny dragons from how to train your dragon
we learned how to construct popsicle stick throwing stars from my best friends older brother and he was 6 years older .
we threw them at cars driving by at night .
not to mention an na team 3-0 'd a korean team
if you think they didnt then you are ignorant .
this post has been removed in an effort to consolidate duplicate questions .
please post your question on the daily question and answer thread stickied at the top of the subreddit for a quicker answer to your question .
please review the rules in the sidebar before submitting your comment and check the sidebar search and/or wiki for an answer before posting as your question may have been answered before .
if you believe this action was in error please message the moderator team with a link to your post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blackdesertonline if you have any questions or concerns .
if you started the game 10,000 times which would equal about 27.3 years assuming you fresh started the game once a day it would amount to 16.7 minutes of time spent loading the video
assuming you played 4 hours a day on average for 27.3 years you would 've play about 2,391,480 minutes total and spent 16.7 minutes loading the video so you would 've spent a total of 0.000007 of your time played loading the initial video
it is only because we are actually in the case that the event happens that god can correctly state that it happens .
it 's just that to me it seems that it 's less that god eliminates free will but more that you ca n't have a being that is never wrong about a future at the same time as free will .
because despite being presented with choices and options you ca n't ever do something that god has n't predicted will happen .
so you ca n't say hitler had a way to not be evil as even though he could have theoretically not done the things he did at the beginning of time god would have already known about hitler and how bad he could be .
and to not be that evil would necessarily mean god was wrong .
you do n't understand the basics of ballistic missiles ?
what specifically about them do you think people should n't have ?
yeah my lungs are still affected ill definitely nevef make the mistake of being around people smoking again
part of the sound is probably the microphone clipping but overall sounds like a smooth engine
some folks are all worried about his 3 's but he goes in and out of that shit .
their latest desktop is chrome-based so i would n't expect a firefox sync .
i do n't know how old you are but my advice would be to get out make friends you can trust and live your own life .
i have dealt with the same issue with my own mother and i can tell you that as an adult i do n't let it affect me or alter my life in any manner .
this was not an easy task when i was younger since i lived with her and depended on her for certain aspects of my life but as an adult i do n't need her anymore .
sometimes when people show us how important or unimportant we are in their lives we have to take their actions as their means of communicating this .
trust me i know it is hard but distancing yourself is necessary to try to get your mother to see where you stand and show her that she needs to either change or stay out away at arms length while you live your life .
i 'm not generally a fan of crazy muscles but your build looks incredibly good on you
if i had a body like that i 'd probably have the balls to post my face too
yes especially if you take classes that meet once a week for 3 hours .
i 'll be taking 3 days next semester full time 14 hours
a guy from my county was addicted to jumping into water usually on bridges so on a field trip to san fran he jumped off the golden gate bridge he survived but was injured .
i bought a 168g star eagle this year and thought it was misprinted broken or that my arm was n't nearly what i thought it was .
so i changed my mind and decided to get the special edition with the pro controller and steel book instead of the standard edition .
am i shit out of luck or does anyone think nintendo will make more ?
my gripe was with the wording 10 goals and 20 points does n't make sense to me when the points are partially comprised of the goals .
so the lines are the same as last year or at least similar .
read an article on dobber today talking about how their production is way down .
they were saying it 's either time to buy or sell depending on if you think this is a new norm or if they will turn it around .
like i see so many people noping right out of there but there 's at least 2 who just ride it took the crash and another who is obviously snagged which really sucks .
imo the goal of a sustainable diet is to cause a calorie reduction not force one .
forming good eating habits and prioritizing high satiety which as you say seems to come mostly from protein contrary to meme keto '' .
this will be the most dumb idea ya could add to a growing competitive game .
if you have a shit car and no snowblower or friend with a plow it sucks enough for you to want to move .
also north korea it 's hard to get into and out from
the kashmiri pandits were killed in kashmir and muslims were killed in jammu .
i do n't know what you really want by bringing kashmiri pandits here .
unless you have some sort of solution to that problem .
i threw mine out by looking left then looking right while driving .
that is hate speech and he should be arrest for a hate crime
i made this topic while i was on crack thank you very much .
another console switch would probably be the start of the end for the am scene .
especially least if they do it mid console life .
yeah people seem to think that lots of people would be fucked '' equals thus there is no hope . ''
humanity has been through worse shit through our time on this planet than us suddenly losing the cushiony existance we have now .
i mean hell you could argue that with the fall of the roman empire you had the proverbial shut the walmart down '' type of situation in parts of europe at least and we walked away from that fine .
we 've also survived multiple drastic changes in temperature and every natural disaster that 's been thrown at us .
nobody can snatch defeat from the jaws of victory like the democratic party it 's almost like they want 4 more years of republican control .
it 's like the dems have some type of twisted public humiliation fetish elizabeth warren clinging to a shred of dubious native american dna maxine waters falsely claiming that russia is invading korea it 's like we live in fucking bizarro world .
trump speaks on a 3rd grade level and democrats ca n't hold their own heads above water against him .
i detailed my 2018 1500 yesterday and decided to apply a coat of meguiar 's ultimate paste wax to the wheels .
just wondering if anyone else does this as part of their wash/wax/detail regimen .
kits in the series include barbatos alex gto char 's zaku 2 and the gto grandpa .
i can add that we tried reaching out to the local bdsm community and where met by a hurricane of horny young boys and a few ego tripping women and basically no serious response or conversation ... left me a bit bitter with the whole thing .
over the years using spotify i 've noticed several instance in which the song playing contained noticeable differences to me at least from the versions heard on the cds .
i wish i could tell you what 's going on but i 'm just as clueless .
i have noticed that saeglopur is very often unavailable which suggests difficulty in procuring licensing .
once again i have no idea why that would result in slight differences but it could very well be connected .
you are hugely underestimating the power of the cards .
oaken summons can be used to thin your deck for your combo as well as providing great armor for synergies .
spellstone is the single best removal printed in the history of the game especially with all the armor synergy in druid and branching paths is broken .
for people to not hate druid either ui spellstone branching and especially plague have to be addressed .
please use the search https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all before posting about something .
duplicate posts or similar posts around the same topic will be removed with the first submitted allowed .
feel free to view our epic plz wiki here .
it will be updated to reflect removals for whenever the community begins to overwhelmingly post about the same topic .
for more information you can refer to our rules page here .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules you can inquire about this removal by contacting us via modmail .
if you do not include a link to your post you will not receive a response .
reposting content in an attempt to bypass a filter or moderator action is strictly prohibited and can result in a ban from the subreddit .
honestly it 's just the luck of the draw with any department .
there are a lot of great managers out there but there are equally as many managers that suck .
i 'm a cs associate but i feel my produce manager and the assistant are both really great people .
i 've even seen online reviews complimenting my produce manager .
the point is n't about transaction control it 's about how long the user is waiting until they 're able to use your service again .
if the migration hits a snag how long does it take to roll it back or fix it ?
and how much of your system do you need to take down while fixing it ?
you do n't even recognize what the problem actually is .
all this applies the same to to the data store of a service-based architecture .
guess what if a data store in a service is needed by multiple other services that depend on it you have .
the crux of the matter is that to really deliver zdt you 'd want a system that has 2 versions live at the same time and you redirect requests incrementally to the newer version which means supporting deprecated apis and a system to synchronize the data changes between both eventually .
hi this has existed since basically forever i 've been administrating clusters with hot standbys replicas and different redundancy schemes since forever .
you 're not bringing anything new to the table here .
you should take a look at how the architecture of your precious rac looks and how they architected the database to be highly available the truly highly available modes for example .
redo logs mirroring snapshots etc just to handle using multiple dbs at the same time .
if you think the only needed to make your application highly available is to simply spin up more instances of it you truly have n't learned shit .
but the concepts for making a highly available application are the same regardless of whether you run one codebase or fifty .
whether they live as separate app modules or separata applications is fundamentally the same with the exception that again separating into 50 apps is highly overrated for everything but actually distributed teams doing completely disparate things .
and seriously a large db is capable or running a multi-terabyte store with tens of thousands of concurrent connections .
an as/400 from 20 years ago was managing more concurrent clients than 90 of the pathetic service-based '' services you see nowadays with meager throughput and overcomplicated architecture .
where did they teach you that monoliths are trivially horizontally scalable ?
you 're like a 1st year undergrad exclaiming to the world why do n't we just give this program more threads ?
it 's so easy and it 'll automatically make n times more resilient ! ''
again the huge huge majority of monolithic services are composed of general request-response cycles and some batch jobs .
distributed file systems caching systems and other things have existed forever and have done a fine job .
ask the people running wikipedia they have a monolith over which they server one of the highest-traffic pages in the world .
if you overcomplicate a monolith you 'll overcomplicate a service .
oh yes i 'm sure that their solutions from the pre-internet age totally did n't need to evolve with the times .
this shit is still space-age next to the primitive diagnostics capabilities of current x86 tech .
a lot of the problems we still have today have been solved in other architectures ages ago .
i never had to work less in my life than when maintaining a fleet of 500 aix machines that just did n't go down ever and supported hot cpu and memory swapping pretty much without operator intervention .
when you first write a single threaded application do you just spin it up on 10 different threads and expect it to just scale 10x ?
of course not you have to architect it carefully to make it useful in a multithreaded environment .
but apparently to you it 's just trivial to make a monolith and then just deploy 10 nodes of it and it 'll just work .
if you write what 99 of people out there write which a simple request-response based web app yes it scales almost linearly .
that 's what pretty much everyone is doing out there .
the instances of problems where you have serious issues with locking and scheduling are a very small minority of cases .
here 's a sneak peek of r/suicidebywords using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/suicidebywords/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
1 this guy killed himself twice https i.redd.it/3p0ex97qwnv01.jpg 306 comments https np.reddit.com/r/suicidebywords/comments/8grdnb/this_guy_killed_himself_twice
3 ouch i felt this one https i.redd.it/74jjjl6w03v01.jpg 236 comments https np.reddit.com/r/suicidebywords/comments/8g19vf/ouch_i_felt_this_one
i have nothing to do with any of this other than as a way to kill time between cases at work .
well as likely as it is that this is what actually happend considering the reaction by scg and their reputation as a trustworthy company unless you have acutally been there and saw what happened i would refrain from calling it a fact .
we only know that there are allegations for sure .
and it is not our job to decide what actually happened that is what court is for .
it has happend before that accusations like these have turned out to be wrong .
if you talk to average women they feel the exact same way as you .
my dog jumped up to give me kisses and her nose bumped into my eye and blackened it and threw my head into the table and i got a concussion .
once i hit the ground she gave me actual kisses .
i probably should have titled my post why i used to drink '' so it sounds less like a relapse .
i 'm still learning how to navigate this sub .
will be at one week soon so i should probably request a badge .
we do n't have the perfect marriage mismatching libidos lead to arguments but we 're both victims of sexual assault .
when one of us needs to talk sadly the other totally understands .
i would have married her either way even though we 've discussed divorce in the recent past .
was n't there a dude in bioshock 2 who was turned into a big daddy to be with his little sister daughter ?
my first doctor told me i was completely fine the second doctor diagnosed me and then had me get the mri to check if there was anything seriously wrong .
treatment went from nothing to drop a class rest more do n't push yourself
however the graphics quality adjustment on a pc lets you get to 60fps and pretty solid quality which is comparable to a console .
you may need to tweak a ton of settings but usually theres a happy compromise where you get something resembling console quality .
it 's a school night so i 'm silencing you forever little boy .
negative '' are just unlisted because they were all posted as early access reviews which does n't really hold same weight as after launch reviews .
sprained my knee trying to start a go cart which is basically just pulling a cord like on a lawn mower or chainsaw but it was middle of winter at night .
i pulled my knee popped i fell on my knee ended up in crotches for like a month and a half .
this is the sad truth and the hgbc hands do n't fix this issue completely because the backs of the hands never match then .
she is telling felicity that the citation is needed yes !
i heard her and could n't believe she really said that and could not think of anything in the episode that supported her having that opinion .
ok bud i was just sending you a add friend steam link if you search jish777 or something you should find me bro i wasnt scamming you sorry if you got the wrong idea
it appears your post might be more of a general question than a specific question about a particular relationship situation you are facing .
if you would like to have your post approved please consider adding more detail about your situation to give the community context for the question you are asking .
additional details might include concrete examples of a general pattern further background on what might be motivating the issues in your relationship or clarifying any possibly confusing parts of your situation .
specificity and clarity help the community in providing constructive feedback without making any incorrect assumptions .
you must make a new submission with additional information and please ensure that the submission confirms to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
this is n't a question i just want to thank you for being a part of two brilliant things .
do you have a personal highlight from your career as a stunt coordinator or at least an interesting story to give an insight into the industry ?
thank you and i hope you have a nice day !
8/10 for not giving back eastern portion of anatolia to armenians .
yo thank you for replying that was n't me someone actually hacked my account this brought it to my attention thank you for the help .
to anyone who believes they saw a ghost or something supernatural what representation in movies or television most accurately depicted what you saw how you saw it ?
like if you saw something come out of a wall was it like the ghosts passing through thing like in the frighteners or like shadowcat in x-men 3 ?
i 'll do it for 2 ncvr or ncvr 2 elevation crates .
i wo n't be on for another 30 minutes or so .
i think sales from this remaster will determine if we get a third one or not .
i actually just got a tattoo from the movie .
fyi u/gays4hell made a throwaway and we 've been role playing some pretty hardcore nasty gay shit .
i was right this dude is as gay as the day is long .
the city of sydney council does n't control the sydney opera house trust at all .
this alsof affects your profane bloom explosion damage which makes the whole pack explode when the first mob does .
oh snap my first real girlfriend did this and then she 'd like about smoking all the time .
edit to add not only do i have more than one i do the same thing on both pvp not at the same time i cant multie and not risking 6 years of my life on 3 acounts to get banned
jj is really good at making movies that you think you enjoy more than you do .
the nice thing is if you are busy and end up missing a game its not a big deal .
britt was the same for us when he wants to score he 's fantastic but overall he 's just lazy
i 'd like to think of them as they 're own original character !
it sounds like some way you use them or store them is causing this .
if it gon na be on the cost of social security it sounds rly unfair for on pension that have worked theyre life building up the country and no longer have an income at the same time as they arguably have the most need for social security and health care .
he introduces an element of randomball as there 's a bigger chance a cross will find his man but it 's absolutely not a sustainable plan and it 's frankly ludicrous it 's used by a top manager and side .
same idea in south america most buildings will have an unfinished roof .
you do n't pay full taxes on your home if it is not finished '' so that 's why there is an unfinished floor on the top or at least some rebar showing that it might go up another level
yeeees i was at the glasgow show n got a v tasty t-shirt and a poster !
i have the wiki openin a few tabs but i try to minimize my time there to avoid spoilers .
but i 'm almost twenty captains deep and making it nearly to the beginnings of endgame each life not too much left to easily spoiler me with .
and like with this trophy it just seemed like the few things i am looking for actively online because i cant figure out in game a short list for the ps4 are n't on the wiki or are very hard to find online .
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f for information on how to find the resolution .
you rehosted the image from an original source or approved host
please read the our rules in the sidebar and faq r/earthporn/wiki
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
you 'd be surprised how easy it is to internalize this kind of stuff without even realizing it 's misogyny .
second he never said he wants to grow them .
yeah i definitely think you 're right that a lot of that stuff is blown out of proportion by adults that think anything with a screen is harmful .
i do n't think that stuff is too bad at all with the right restrictions .
the only problem is if you do it all the time and never exercise or read at all .
i do think some video games are worse than others .
unlike popular opinion i feel that fps games are n't the best because you kill people in them for fun and are definitely not good for kids .
however games like minecraft and that astronomy software you talked about are okay or even healthy .
do n't worry i 'm pretty sure 69 would be very into it .
why do we need defensive work rate when azpilicueta sits so deep on the right side already ?
looking pretty bad for booger that mnf coincides with free dead batteries night at the linc .
btw i get a lil yachty vibe from the first guy .
not my jam just rhyming words man i like stories and passion ! !
shout out to u/actionbust for the help along the way !
i just do n't feel any pride in the fact that i do this .
how do you tell if it 's too loose or too tight ?
i know it 's probably just the mirror but you look tall in this photo .
the whole point of danse macabre was that death was surrounding medieval people all the time black plague wars 30 year old lifespan people were not scared of death .
the open metal cave in fertile lake of aberration is a good example of this .
there is absolutely no tricks needed to get in there you literally just walk up a ramp and into the metal structure .
idk if that spot is bannable but it is where i 've built whenever i 'm on unofficial .
if i got devwiped for building in a cave i would be pissed .
how am i supposed to know what they consider good base locations and what they consider unintended exploits ?
weird she spoke irish against miggeldy when he is fluent .
i think the others are far less competent and she could have used that against them
as an american it 's almost like our government 's actions affect more than just americans .
i was passing through indianapolis a couple of years ago and had to stop at a kinkos .
one was of korean descent and the other was caucasian .
and they both were extremely overweight in the exact same way .
so did i happen to walk into a place where i found the one asian genetic anomaly or was i in a region of the nation with a lot of unhealthy habits ?
f £ lied about it and now trying to reserve blame by character assassination .
i have become much more of a dress-wearer since becoming pregnant .
the pants problem is real and i have found only one pair of pregnancy pants that are comfy and feel like they fit and they 're basically tracksuit pants .
now summer has hit where i am i ca n't even wear those so i 've been wearing old shorts that have elastic or a string-tie instead of buttons and not tying the string .
whether it 's actual pregnancy clothing or just pants in a larget size find what works for you .
not everyone 's bump develops the same way so even pregnancy clothing is iffy for how well it works .
someone bought middle earth shadow of war or whatever it 's called for me when it came out .
i 've recently taken up learning linux centos 7 and this is very helpful .
it 's not the fingerguns that kills them he just does that for show .
it 's the pow ! that kills them like skyrim .
assumindo que as pessoas que apitam são racionais claro .
looks like you were trying to add a riven post but forgot to add the riven '' tag .
please repost and add the tag to your title so that it is properly flaired .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wartrade if you have any questions or concerns .
only time it spawned the other team melted it .
so disappointing three times i 'd probably quit it .
i agree with proper technique one could fight off multiple toddlers
for an airsoft noob who still has to play his first game could you put some of the things in perspective for me ?
would this be on the low/mid/high end of beginner replica 's ?
2.015 is up only change seems to be to genius accounting now working for bulk buying buildings
was n't there more news that surfaced about saudi in the morning ?
costco knows what 's up anyone buying a 72 lb block of cheese is either a pro or someone that wants their efforts recognized .
thank you ... another question ... compared to seasons 1-2 trials how hard are those ranks ?
i was a consistent 5 win in a row guy with the spire trip 2/3 times .
absolute legend for doing this giveaway thanks so much my dude !
i paid 600 to see the royals in nyc even though it would have been cheaper to fly home and buy tickets .
this submission has been removed because links to summoner profiles are only allowed in text posts with 250 or more characters .
please use the text post body to provide your own thoughts to start a discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not against free speach i actually think it 's our most important right .
but i hate the way the media portrays violence and how they never cover the topics completely .
when you are convicted of a felony you lose privlages that law abiding americans have the right to vote and own a gun are just two of them .
i personally do n't think that letting them vote or own a gun is good .
they lost those rights when they decided to commit a crime so i guess my question is why is it ok to pick and choose what they can get back and what they ca n't ?
i am keeping my schedule too which is m-f ... . so i guess i will be doing 6 ... unless i am dead on halloween 😂
do you know where it pulls the info from ?
so hoping that he slipped on a piece as he ran down the stairs .
i 'm waiting for both 9700k and 2080 ti .
guess i 'm not gon na be able to play any games until early november
and also i wanted to point out that humour and satire is the best antidote against fundamentalism
so why is he dying on this hill then ?
the important thing is to not so things or think things so you can feel smug
it 's a glitch but not on spawn island .
it 's addressed in the most recent khorne designers commentary .
i just hate his guts for being another overpowered self-insert power wank fantasy character and all his annoying fans who shill him with tears in their eyes as they bow down repeatedly and cry sasuga ainz-sama '' with not even a hint of sarcasm or irony .
i do n't think it 's at the same level or quality as blacked or blackedraw but noirmale https www.noirmale.com/en seems to be a transparent attempt to create content that is similar in style .
they 're a very new studio brand and it does n't seem as though they 've done a gangbang scene yet but here are a couple threesomes https www.noirmale.com/en/videos/threesome/1338 and one foursome https www.noirmale.com/en/videos/group-sex/1330 .
there 's also a famous series that involves black on white gay gangbangs called blackballed https www.gayhotmovies.com/series/4810/black-balled-all-worlds-video from allworldsvideo .
i could n't get the zmaul to work yoda destroys me after i annihilate revan
on a full year basis eloi amagat makes more money than sean johnson .
you can call that the dome torrent friends and family bonus .
that there was a reboot or something in particular about the show ?
i would guess gressel is the most productive offensively per dollar of anyone in the league .
edit or salloi holy crap that guy has produced for what he gets paid .
like i said i knew this post was toxic from the get go .
big pharma has taken what should be a normal common sense regiment of vaccines and bumped it up to a volume unheard of and untested .
you dont go 0-19 in 20 minutes without giving up
the bench press is a pretty new lift all things considered .
the bench originally started as a supplemental lift for the olympic press and the first set of actual bench presses was comical looking in how flimsy they were designed .
men got big and strong for decades without benching .
that being said i 've trained for 18 years benched the whole time and never had a spotter .
they used what we call screen screen '' and that 's when you use a screen .
dybala is making fantastic runs on that right side but his right foot is n't good enough for consistent crosses .
i barley jumped while jamming out in my room and snapped one of my foot bones clean in half .
i 've also bent my pinky sideways to my palm and broke it getting the mail ... .. when i was in first grade lol
it 's not actually debuccalized but takes the following consonant 's place of articulation .
this is so much more straightforward than any other explanation i 've read .
go to your boss right away and say because i 'm still learning the material i know i 'm not going to make the deadline for all of these .
i think i can do x y and z by that deadline but i 'm thinking that a b and c need to be extended or assigned to someone else in the meantime .
or is there a better way to prioritize these projects ? ''
it 's far better to be up front about this than get close to the deadline and leave everyone scrambling then .
reasonable people will appreciate you being proactive about this .
yup i tore my meniscus putting pajama pants on .
she needs to leave and do a consular processing whether it be a k-1 or cr-1 since she did not enter with inspection which disqualifies her from inland aos .
not long to find out though just 2 days and 2 sleeps .
olav mol even said it was n't strolls fault but what does he know lol
the one time he would be right to rip on stroll the way he normally does is the one opportunity he did n't take
but.. they got pretty much nothing.. a 4th round for a 1st round pick ?
we 've got too many prejudiced people tbh i could understand if that 's why she 's not happy .
it seems like a lot of georgians are kind of scared of the spanish language idk why .
vortex i sold my strike eagle for a steiner p4xi because it was n't daylight bright and had a busy reticle .
it would be nice to at least have all models be daylight bright at a minimum .
as someone who has marched dynasty tenors i stand in owchie solidarity with you .
as the guy said about the other guy saying what the other guy said the other guy saying what the other guy said the shadows are distracting .
things are not going to get any better for the non-us players.. the t80u and even the early t90 's are not going to overcome the m1 with a 120mm gun ... and even more protection that the m1 will have ... and the leo 2a5 will not have the protection you think it does unless they ninja model more in ...
i do n't understand such emotionally charged comment section on these .
i get that people are frustrated but a nail polish is considered a hazardous material and usually is prohibited from shipping international on individual basis so yes of course it is going to take a lot of time and effort on the business side to get it a go ahead .
i guess that concept is too complicated to grasp for some people ?
i live outside my home country and there are so many things i wish i could get my hands on but the fact is it 's a different country and it 's not easy .
i 'm sorry it does n't match with your arbitrary idea of what a zodiac sign should look like but stop bitching and move on .
on a personal note i love taurus 2 and virgo .
i may have to grab them even thought i just got my last kl polish order delivered yesterday ... .
show you proof or have evidence to back up claims ?
it 's 2018 and we 're living in the trump era .
the very first comment i made to you is a trump quote .
just because they have not interviewed cash does not mean that there was not an invitation to attend a record of interview made to her .
it is a voluntary interview and one that any legal mind worth their salt will advise their client to ignore or decline .
you guys are joking about someone 's deceased child .
yes it was an overshare but he 's a grieving parent .
going to try and clean this up a bit because it 's a hell of a read i 'm not op but i was bored .
this title was difficult to come up with so i will explain a little more in detail .
i have previously voted libertarian in 2016 but have otherwise only ever voted for the democratic party .
i find it difficult to socialize with other liberals preferring the company of my more conservative friends .
we tend to argue over politics during which they explain their reasons behind being conservative such as viewing taxation as theft and religious view .
these religious views usually lead to more arguments as i am predominantly atheist .
my more liberal and democratic friends have drifted from me as they seem to be lacking a desire over time to continue
conversing or hanging out with my more republican friends .
i had always believed that liberals were the more tolerant party but
it seems more and more of late that there is a lingering bitterness and an increase in name calling .
very few fact based arguments and it has become normal to see calls of racism or bigotry similar to the media at large .
i watch a lot of the intellectual dark web folks and some of the crtv/dailywire folks and even though though i do n't agree
with their beliefs i find them to be preferable to what i 've found within my own party including a hatred of cnn msnbc and the
the main reason for this post is what 's been happening with half of my more liberal friends who have decided against voting on november 6th
as an example a married gay female childhood friend of mine has always been a yellow dog democrat and as
someone in alabama has not been well accepted in the area due to their lifestyle .
neither her nor her wife are planning to vote anymore
for reasons relative to the rhetoric of dave rubin .
in summation it is my belief these are the reasons trump won in 2016 and why i do n't see him losing in 2020 .
i took a couple liberties and may have misrepresented the middle bit but it 's better than the original wall of text hopefully .
why do you feel like you should tell other people what to care about ?
but it pretty much is banned to do those things if you have an issue with it seek it out yourself .
it is n't going to be dealt with on a 'per incident basis ' how much resources do you expect people to dedicate towards people who can literally just get out of everyone else 's way rather than trying to be special .
thank you for that but when i click root all the shows up for me is library and application support .
that 's great but when you act like an asshole that 's what you get back .
is there any guideline on how to formulate a good question for this sub ?
i 'm not necessarily talking about good-quality philosophical questions just question that would generate answers and discussions in this sub .
r/askhistorians for example has this meta-discussion https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/505nw2/rules_roundtable_18_how_to_ask_better_questions on how to ask a better question .
is there a version of that which fits for r/askphilosophy ?
coulthard might be credible but the site claiming that coulthard said this ... not so much .
i would argue that list.count is more similar to list.sort because they both come from the list class .
and with any luck the person who wrote list also wrote list.sort to exploit the special structure of list to improve sort time whereas sort list would either use a mediocre all-purpose solution or would have a ton of overhead code to maybe branch into the solution appropriate to list .
there 's no reason to rush through the manga since there is nothing to catch up to .
the manga is completed probably wo n't get a sequel anytime soon and the anime is butchering the material anyway so there is n't any reason to rush to watch it .
i guess you 're running out of new accounts to buy because we have n't seen you in a while .
why do n't you try mixing up your style a little bit ?
you 're using the same type of account years old but completely scrubbed of any history exclusively commenting in liberal subs to complain about democrats and posting the same i 'm totally a 'liberal ' but are n't liberals just awful ? ''
but i never made the claim that any particular cartridge was better than another .
literally the first line i said was calibre is inconsequential ''
do i have to explain to you the difference between a calibre and cartridge ?
i wish it could work at least in air rb .
i said something akin to what you just said in a review of an album .
you pull what you want to hear out of it and if a marxist critique of consumerism is what you hear so be it .
other people may see the glorification of consumerism as the way to happiness .
point is vaporwave is vague and you will hear what you want .
i mean hes being scummy but isnt it against rules to post stuff like this that in incites witchhunts ?
garments would be best for a rogue because their attack stat is so damned low .
right of way in the air works the same way as in the sea it 's based on having or not having an engine and speed .
this is true for everything except paramotors ultralights who yield to all .
again it does n't make sense and i 'm not sure why this is the case but it is .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3aorange 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3aorange 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think the black you see on the front end is actually open grilles ... much of the area is just solid cosmetic panels .
she 's the only warrior who wanted none of that shit
they ca n't work around the propaganda that 's literally the only reason this deal is happening .
you think saudi arabia is paying that much money just to fantasy book and nothing more ?
or to provide entertainment to the people that they oppress every day ?
i wonder how this compared to what you 'd normally have to pay to get your company logo on a drivers helmet for one round .
hmm irene is great but i do n't think i like this song as much without leslie grace .
kind of the same situation when the kard girls filled in her parts .
in the world of digital electronics low voltage '' often means less than 5 v or maybe less than 3.3 v .
we like to stick to stuff that wo n't kill us .
i got an iphone 8 plus about a year month ago and my battery capacity is at 89 .
my friend got also got the same phone as me but 2 months later than i did so it 'd be almost a year for them but hers is at 92 .
my other friends iphone 6s plus is at 87 .
i ca n't imagine what you just be going through right now .
cherish the memories and he 'll always be in your heart
if you read the p4k critiques of btd and then lfl where they admitted that they just kinda jumped on the hate wagon you can see that it got critiqued for not super valid reasons .
stuff like it feels out of touch '' because how dare lana 's character be unhappy even if she has all of her dreams come true or her not having enough personality '' for off to the races .
i do n't even know how that makes sense since the song is very characteristic and one of the best from the album and lana definitely has the charisma and personality for it .
the problem with critiques like this is that on the surface level they seem ok and convincing because well how can you counter an argument that 's 99 personal ?
lana 's music could feel out of touch for most people and only the ones it 's written for could understand it so it would seem that it 's a rightful criticism but if look below the surface then it 's not the case .
her music became relatable and a big part in the underground movement of the tumblr generation paving the way for many similar artists so these mentioned criticisms are n't standing their ground .
the other parts of the critique are just as bad her music 's point of view is outdated and awkward ? ''
because they expected more modern themes after video games the only modernish song from the album and less 50 's aesthetic and it relies on cilchés because of the hamptons line in national anthem a song basically about the kennedys who hung out in the hamptons .
also the writer lindsey zoladz calls the album full of underlying sexism because lana 's lyrics objectifies women '' which could seem right but her aesthetic and style is not objectifying but rather using and expressing her sexuality in ways she wants it which idk how sexist is .
especially considering that her themes are usually about her being all badass and everything ruling the world .
the writer brings up blue jeans as an example a song which is super weird since for someone claiming to be feminist criticizing a woman for her emotions and her loyalty to someone she loves even if that person is a problem is not very cool .
and let 's not even talk about the critiquing of this is what makes us girls where the writer ca n't recognize the song 's sarcasm and sour truths with the do n't cry about it '' line .
overall thr critique just like many other stuff on pitchfork is full of pulled-out-of-ass meaningless critiques where the writers do n't bother to actually understand the albums/songs they do n't like and just try to create something minimally believable so some readers can have made up excuses to jump on the hate wagons .
this is not most of their reviews but many of them .
for being so indie and elitist for no reason they sure as hell like to use blanket statements and meritless criticisms for albums they gave one listen to .
also yoko has fine stuff in her catalog but her new album is just rough .
love that jonah hill movie where he plays the fat self deprecating loser
i think the alliance must 've dropped theirs on accident weird how the horde has all their portals right next to eachother but the alliances dalaran portal is across the city from the rest .
missed out on legends steup up step 7 ... don'tgo for it yeah even with guaranteed sparking .
that would 've been hard on the last fight with two brutes and a bunch of rocket guys and gunmen .
do not take accounting just because you are good with math
after experiencing 4-5years of accounting i do now wished that is all i need whenever i do hear .
edit i 'll take that as a no try again when you feel like actually talking to us .
would love to fuck your wife but just watch ?
you could be getting your hard cock sucked as well
but as an andro you have to first kill that healer and damager covering terminus not aim for the tank
it 's a bit front heavy but i like it .
i 'm not small and can stand easily though the pa is easier .
really appreciate your courage and openness in sharing this .
having three seperate people post damage videos of three seperate bots all in the same division shows how brutal it was this year lol .
funnily enough you hit it right on the head .
only i do n't think in the way that you had hoped .
i actually started with the bottom and worked my way up .
the piece is made to take into account the strength of childlike wonder versus the utter detail of a professional .
before you can talk about isomorphisms you have to define your structure .
isomorphisms preserve some sort of structure whether that of a group or topology or order etc .
i would expect inheritance to be not be an isomorphism .
if b inherits from a then every b is an a but not every a is b .
the relationship is n't symmetric so the map is n't an isomorphism .
dude doesnt even want to spend time with her .
he might as well just stay he 's been living with a cheater this long anyways
they 'll be talked about in the same breath even though kershaw is way better because madbum is jesus in the playoffs .
i got to play 4 with my brother and black ops .
for some reason i had decided to make a video of us playing blops at the time and i 'm really happy i did and still have that video because he took his life a few months later .
edit thanks for the kind words i honestly did n't expect this comment to blow up so much .
it 's been years now and i still watch the video sometimes when i miss him .
it 's nice to hear so many others have videos and such of their brothers and families that they can look back on .
do you realize that before we had crates full of items once per several month so you always had something to spent bp 's on fresh stuff ?
one or two items for crazy amount of bp once per several months wo n't solve the problem ... all we can buy is old crates and most of them are key locked .
tho i have to say i did n't like where the show ended .
they wanted an epic cliffhanger to prevent show from being cancelled but i do n't see how they could 've continued from that point in a good way .
i think my posture at the time of impact had a lot to do with the fact that i walked away with no issues .
by the grace of god i was sitting straight up back against the seat .
my head was n't quite against the headrest but close to it .
not digging through a bag drinking coffee or anything like that .
i try to be much more aware of my driving posture now that i have such a positive experience as a teacher .
i estimate the speed of the vehicle that hit me but maybe i 'm wrong .
i 'm linking some photos why do n't you tell me what you think ?
https imgur.com/lragjip from hitting the van in front of me .
rate ups a very bad in this game especially in ww until we get multiple character banners .
you should expect to spend around 20 25k stars to have a chance to have anoher chance of getting good luck and grabbing it wihin that star range .
fishing for specific cards is probably the worse mindset to approach star usage .
this math applies for normal featured banners as i ca n't remember the rates on attribute banners but it should be the same or worse even .
today i spent a 10 pull on the cool attribute gatha hoping to get any 3 cool card ... and got 2 power 3 's instead .
i think if you reaaallllly want a specific card the best approah would be to roll accounts for one sadly .
otherwise i would expect to spend 25-75k stars to get featured gatcha members and an absurdy massively amount more for ones that are non-featured .
on the bright side you will get a bunch of 4*s as the rate 3 is n't that bad but the rate for featured cards are .
think of it this way for a standard event featured gatcha .
within the 3 chance you were to pull a 4 you then have a 1/6 of getting the gatchas featured member .
if you 're f2p antifire potions aee not available to you .
he 's been a fine 4th liner but that 's not the point .
why is it a problem to give a job to the person who will do it for the least amount of money ?
if you wanted to sell your house and one qualified real estate broker wanted a 7 commission and an equally qualified real estate broker wanted a 5 commission would you chose the more expensive broker ?
showing off your tits and ass does n't make you a super smart business person .
if anything it shows how much of a potato she actually is .
this is likely a pretty ignorant question but how do you get that texture on so many of your clients ?
i know it 's called a shag is it all from the cut itself or is it how you style it ?
i think 25 goes to the players and 25 goes to the org
about as deadly as any 100 lbs object would be when flying through the air .
my younger sister sat down on our couch and dislocated her knee when she was 14 .
although i 've had the game since launch i 've basically just started really getting into it now and i really want to improve and i just have two questions i 'd like to ask .
after doing all the combo challenges these 3 interested me the most particularly base vegeta and zamasu .
so i 'd like to know if this team works well together and if so what order should they be played ?
if they do n't work well together i 'd be down for any suggestions but i 'd like to play base vegeta and zamasu if i can .
2.what are some good resources/tips for me to start improving ?
now that i 'm starting to get interested i just do n't really know where to begin and i 'm starting to feel sort of overwhelmed as i 've completed the story mode and combo challenges for each character but i do n't really know what i should do next .
do your research on the topic if you do n't understand why .
and certain specialists at the moment are a little stupidly powerful .
while i agree the community does complain an awful lot the points you bring are n't exactly great .
i doubt you can make your type system precise enough to make this actually a useful feature in real life .
ime with idris and agda this is probably the case .
term inference is a nice trick but it tends to fail apart for functions with much real '' logic .
i still believe in tdd type driven development but more for checking the programmer rather than generating whole programs .
i was pleasantly surprised that idris was able to give me the whole implementation for zipwith a b c vect n a vect m b vect min n m c but i honestly think that might have been near the limit .
terible idea would devalue tier pking which is what makes bh profitable
drummond=the son who picks up stuff when the cook drops it .
there 's a handful of local companies that are only sold in my region that are sold in supermarkets .
i think the smaller shops would be willing to stock up and coming product on a regular basis .
edit i think that 's a good point you made .
the first few to the block and those with celebrity endorsement would quickly swamp the bigger places .
the problem is he does but unfortuantely he is not that bright .
are you visiting or do you just live in japan ?
one could argue that a solved game is no longer a game .
i like 90-95 of what trump does so him i guess .
you have a life altering accident so you ca n't work so no bonus and/or loose your job .
or your company gets bought out and you get the boot .
i could probably think of some more what ifs if you said what industry you worked in
as i read in another post that someone pointed out this is literally making a less rng version of bouncers in build fights .
you may or may not have had bouncers to escape high ground but you 'll always be able to pull your glider .
as a child its like 'fuck ya sugary sugar in chewy sugar form that only tastes like sugar '
now as an adult its the exact reason its gross
pa is fine lategame i do n't get the argument of her evasion being useless because of mkb yeah she gets outscaled by some heroes but she 's great because she offers some of the highest consistent burst of any carry hero and comes online amazingly fast .
she 's not an insta pick hero by any means but she 's a very okay hero right now .
however this build is kinda trash but i 've never tried it so who knows
hes playing really well but hes not playing as well as people are acting .
he definitely looks much better this game than against the magic when he was terrible .
he looked really good finishing at the rim and hit a nice 3 .
i 'll remember that for the future because my current dorm building does n't lock for better or for worse
why do you guys have to play things that synergize with each other ?
you just got ta find the right girl and make it happen
one example that 's been driving me nuts lately is iphone batteries https i.imgur.com/yn8gswf.jpg .
then there 's a stiffer plastic shell around it .
i have to remove all of this shit to get to the battery .
got ta have the tiny screw driver in there too .
except it 's some kind of asshole schrödinger 's tiny screw driver that is neither flat-head or phillips until you open the drawer .
at which point its probability function collapses to the opposite screw driver of what you need and is never the tiny oj/vodka screw driver you want after that disappointment .
it 's fair to say he 's more entertaining to you but i do n't know where you get this more talented scorer idea from .
every statistic says lebron is a better scorer fg 3pt ppg .
but even more than that lebron is a far superior passer .
as for talent he is both stronger and faster as well as generally more dynamic in the open court .
there is basically no grounds for saying kobe is better than lebron .
the only thing you could say is that kobe is better at certain aspects of the game but even then i 've found most of those to be overblown .
i totally do n't just automatically hate the celtics because fuck em .
beautiful course that has all types of shots with a good amount of elevation changes .
it will melt soon and everyone will be cool .
the 'ugly hag jerker ' sounds like a barbecue chicken dish i would pay £15 for in a restaurant with exposed brick walls and 8 kinds of negronis on offer .
maybe if you read the sub guidelines you would understand the reasoning for it .
imagine seeing nothing but kids all day posting absolute shit i feel badly for the mods who have to clean it up .
reporting is really the only main course of action we users have to stop low quality bullshit like this spamming the sub .
telling someone you 're going to report them for a particular reason is normal at least they have an understanding on what and why .
do you have a link to where i could learn more about this ?
specifically that long term 30 calorie deficits 1,000 calories do n't cause metabolic damage over time .
i 'm aware of the woosh effect and the need to meet your protein goal but not your fat limit .
i 'll admit that my understanding of metabolic damage at extreme deficits comes from others on this sub when asking about my own experience with stalling at a 37 deficit .
it made sense with my existing knowledge so i did n't think to question it .
i 'm always open to learning more or challenging my previous beliefs when faced with solid evidence to the contrary .
a ban wave for anyone who ever did anything vaguely toxic '' would put the thanos snap to shame .
and in those doujins she still bumbles herself into getting the bulli
the one thats sticky 'd on the front page !
never really had the chance to do dmt so i figured i 'd give it a whirl !
i did find the krabby research catch 5 water types quest
i 'd feel like fucking shit because my ass would have gotten kicked too .
i do n't let anyone fight for me and i sure as fuck do n't let anyone hurt my man .
yay an actual adult who handled the office of president with dignity and respect .
kindly make it as easy as possible for facial recognition to track you .
good phrase for anybody experiencing this in a medical setting i 'd like the contact information for your patient advocate department legal department . ''
je n'ai pas grand chose à ajouter de plus a part lâche pas !
tu ne le vois pas maintenant mais y'a une lumière au bout du tunnel .
ça peut prendre du temps mais on finit par s'en sortir !
as someone who has climbed from 1100 sr to currently 1606 sr .
it really helped me when i just stuck to my main and stopped flexing maining support specifically ana .
i managed to get to 1400 by myself but what really got me out was finding a group that i really synergized with and sticking with them til i made it to silver .
martin was nursing an injury from beginning of the year if i 'm not mistakin
he litteraly walks in crouch mode for 8 minutes and shoots 2 deer .
the key here is that the type of people i 'm talking about and the one described in the post are n't just offering a dissenting opinion they 're making it their identity to be opposed to something .
it 's absolutely cancerous and ruins any legitimate discourse .
i know because i used to do the exact same shit .
i did n't just oppose a few tenants i would group anything i considered to be under the blanket of feminism or leftism together and opposed it all .
i would seek out extreme stupid opinions made by fringe members of these groups and then use that to justify my hate and generalize those extreme opinions to be held be the entire group .
i see this same exact behavior in many 'anti-feminists ' 'anti sjws etc .
today who are obsessed with the groups they oppose and it 's very frustrating
you seem to think these dissenters have some civic duty to disagree with people online so as to stop the uncontrolled spread of dangerous ideologies but you are massively overestimating the impact of online criticism .
viciously opposing someone with the same level of extremism as they display does n't change their mind or slow their growth it only gives them more unneeded attention a victim complex and makes them more intractable and convicted .
in fact instead of stopping an extreme ideology you just create another .
now you have two extremist groups instead of one and you 've destroyed the discourse because now anytime someone reasonable steps forward they are immediately dismissed as a feminazi '' or an alt-right '' or antifa '' or nazi '' or insert other extremist group ''
your world is very idealistic and just does n't reflect reality .
the people who constantly hate and dispute are n't righteous they 're just as stupid and misguided as the people they oppose
are dudes like you aware of your own repellent levels of toxic masculinity or does it not really ever occur to you ?
and it should only be 1 freeman devonte that i will be trading away .
do n't know why i put him as receiving .
it 's close enough i 'm sure we 'll get there spells will be the biggest thing we need to track even later i think .
still it could be fun to print out actual spell books .
the cops wanted adnan to confess and then they could charge jay with a higher crime .
they had to settle for a lower crime to get adnan and got further reduced by the judge .
his two actual specific complaints are that he finds her text messages boring and she does n't make him always happy when he has depression and always making someone happy is deeply unrealistic anyway .
i 'm not saying they should stay together but jumping from that to her being an awful person is a bit extreme .
i could do without a tub but i 'd want a large shower with a bench in it .
clearly we are producing more new ice cubes to get the temp down in here a little bit .
watching the world series while pulling for players on both teams kind of sucks
might wait for trade values to come out tomorrow though
scream as loud as you can for no reason .
well yeah butt he 's still 12 in calculator does n't change the fact that other 10 units above him still does more damage than heathcliff even tho their base stats are much lower than heathcliff 's heathcliff 's base attack is 4.3k where 's others ...
let 's not count gun units coz we know their stats are usually much higher bcoz of their weapon type ...
this is bonus sb kiriturd has 4k attack yet does more damage than heathcliff despite having 300 less attack than him ...
above all sitting here none other than our god savior skill connect kirito aka alo v1 kirito .
sitting on 1st with highest damage with only 3.1k base stats also he 's water element ...
for me all i had to do was get 3 stars on all mirror cups .
i like how the modifiers look esp the cmd and opt keys
i was on electra until snowboard theme froze phone and kicked me out of jb .
attempts to rejb on electra have not worked so i decided to try unc0ver .
i 'm running out of time waiting for the s10 .
i almost bought a refurbished s8 active but i 'm waiting for the 10 announcement first .
there is hope for gotenks i 'm tryna see hype for buu for the ultimate regen team
basic logic is such a great weapon against them .
coercing somebody to do something against their will is wrong .
the only question is the interpretation of what causes these things that are bad and what we should do about them .
just because you believe that the root cause of coercion and injustice is the capitalist system for example does not mean that we would fundamentally disagree on morality if i were to say that the government is the root cause of injustice in our society .
if i see you raping a baby or stealing my grandmother 's watch i 'll kill you or knock you out cold respectively but nobody disagrees that those things are wrong .
what we disagree on is the source of injustice which everyone agrees is bad .
thus if i have a lefty friend and i 'm a right-winger i 'm actually pretty centrist but this is just an example i know that we both agree on what basic right and wrong are i would n't be friends with him if he was a murderer or a liar or a cheat .
btw props for going out of your comfort zone to talk with people you disagree with .
this is the reason we jailbreak is to stand out from every other iphone !
yuba is what they 're called just had my first and got ta agree there the best noodles '' i 've had in a while .
i have about 10 or so guns that were passed down to me from my dad when he passed .
ranging from .22 all the way to an m1a in .308 .
mostly just .22 ar in .223 and the sks .
i still have a problem with anticipating the recoil jerking the trigger with some guns .
i think the reason i like the sks better is because it 's heavier than the ar so it has less recoil .
i want something bigger than a .22 because i want to get rid of my habit of jerking the trigger but then again i want a gun i can buy a shitload of ammo for and shoot for cheap .
so i 'll probably either get an ar or 10/22 .
carson will get his money but it wo n't affect the cap for 2 years .
he 'll get his 5th year picked up and an extension and play out both on the cap even though he gon git paid .
how thrilled would ross have been if she was the one who said someone else 's name at the altar ?
actually she was well within her rights to ask him to move since they were married at the time 'til death do us part ' and in order to do that you 'd have to move because you 're moving in with them and you need more space and he would 've gotten to keep all of his furniture had he just said the right name at the wedding but she promised him she 'd buy him new furniture for their new start that was just theirs so yes she was well within her rights since she needed ross as far away from rachel as possible .
ross made his own bed and should lay in it .
paige and spinner did n't sleep together then but they did at the end of season 5 .
i 'm just not sure whether she and alex were sexually active before that .
5 yrs of pain misery searching for this video has come to an end
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
r/politics/wiki/index wiki_be_civil we are temporarily only allowing accounts with a combined karma of 100 or more to comment .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i think this was his first healthy offseason in a couple years .
can never underestimate how much a summer of training without injury means .
link to aiko 's tweet https twitter.com/aiko_yamaide/status/1054723101794037760 ? s=21 and a translation of kaigaifukei on twitter https twitter.com/kaigaifukei/status/1054854393030303744 ? s=21
trench coats both sound and look mature so it 's something that i 've admired😍
does it fit me ? ←i 'm not forcing you to answer ! 😅
i 'm going to concentrate and study for my tests now🤨
i 'm looking forward to the comments i 'll get today❤️
and then there was the one where nothing happened it was just her looking more and more excited and crazy interspersed with still shots of her belly
afaik it 's either you are in a game with them or in a party .
i do n't think your ip is tied to a message .
i can only imagine what he was like in high school .
we will be performing a regular maintenance this wednesday october 24th at 04:00 am cest .
during this period all servers will be unavailable and we anticipate the maintenance to last approximately 5 hours concluding at around 09:00 am cest .
note please note that the estimated length of time for each maintenance is subject to change without notification .
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
it took me 30 minutes to exit 183 and get on i-35 due to traffic and construction so ... ..
it 's so sad cause these kids actually believe him and do it it 's taking advantage of the youth .
that 's the wrong way to use any social media imo
we need to make pa dap pap padap pap padaaa '' the official lyrics of brick by boring brick if it 's not already .
i just took it at face value as the fluent cynical tirade that it is .
once i moved out of my mom 's house i kind of kept doing it but mostly grew to hate my own reflection .
now it 's very difficult for me to stand in front of mirrors .
i do n't like using my sun visor because you ca n't cover the mirror .
when i catch my reflection i immediately hone in on myself and instantly start thinking/telling myself all the reasons i 'm a bad person i 'm ugly the things that are ugly about me etc .
robigo runs bought me a well fit python and conda both lmao .
the conda can make some serious credits/hr with a little engineering .
can you give us a video title and timestamp ?
i 'm a mom and it 's going to be okay .
your mom just wants a better life for you and is just experiencing her own worry for you .
there are other schools that are division one two and three that accept lower sat scores .
you need to find a school that is the right fit for you .
sometimes it 's better to be a big fish at a smaller school that is n't a big name and has more average test scores .
each sibling is different and should not be compared to the other .
i have three girls two in college and one is a senior this year and they are all different with scores and learning and we just found the right fit for them .
talk to your counselor and coach and look at in state colleges that have scores acceptance closer to your range or have test optional .
a lot of smaller to medium colleges are doing this to be more competitive .
plus some schools are more forgiving with scores or gpa if you are a good candidate for their athletics .
keep your head up and do n't give up .
explore other schools you have time before regular decision and there are ways to waive app fees just ask your counselor .
and yet nobody talks about the thousands of people in jail now who are innocent but did n't have the camera footage to show they were elsewhere .
for every 1 lucky innocent guy like this i assume there are 99 others who were n't so lucky .
not sure if you 're fucking with me but the workaround is to use the free xfinity wifi network from your or your neighbors rental modem .
not an actual work around using your own modem and ap but better than nothing !
i explained why it makes sense to not promise a date with this strike as it changes city to city and they may miss days from a new city slowing down people in the city not getting packages .
seriously not that hard to understand what i meant i do n't know why you came in here trying to tell me why i was wrong .
also that it is n't the first time because it would have affected windsor 's orders yesterday as nothing went into that city
if you are n't afraid of your government then you are n't paying attention .
and if you are afraid of your fellow americans then you are afraid of your government .
but i have a gsd mix and every collar and harness i 've bought her she has managed to chew it off .
the only thing i want is height control on a desk clamp i do n't even want an arm
i honestly do n't know how well infinity war did in the uk specifically but fantastic beasts is going to be a force to reckon with
good point is it possible for the liquid i strained out all solids after a month to start to decompose and become unsafe even though there has been no color change no taste change after the initial souring and it smells perfectly fine ?
because it 's halloween and a little creepy mysterious trailer would fit perfectly for the underwater theme .
20 hours really is n't very long for an rpg .
if you do n't have the time cool but i would n't say most people who play this genre would agree with that sentiment .
the blurriness is a massive red flag and it already seems like some of them use general images you can find online .
crunching the numbers an overcast rain of fire that lands on a large blob of multiple infantry units is going to be outrageously efficient .
the real problem is that in multiplayer that 's unlikely to happen and likely to backfire if you try it ... .
you ca n't list a scenario that wo n't happen to dismiss an point and then dismiss your earlier argument .
i could just as easily say 'blorfaqs nullify any scenarios that you listed .
' and then say 'also blorfaqs are n't a thing . '
both of these perfumes are 58/1oz and the minis are .15oz each so this gwp has a total value of 17.40 .
i have a cart and maybe if this had something to stack with it or something .
but i 'm pretty meh about it right now .
i mean personally i 'd also like them to half si duration it 's active for too long imo .
i used to use weed mostly for anxiety/lacking mental health reasons had an indifference to death at the time and used it to fight depression/anxiety since then i have n't smoked for at least a year or two baring a few anxiety attacks and such .
i tried a cigar once during that same time but i was n't very interested and have n't since .
i used to occasionally consume alcohol almost always in social settings .
i 've never really gone overboard with it but to be honest i lack proper knowledge into the longterm effects of drinking light vs party drinking for example .
i 've more or less subconsciously used my lack of knowledge as an excuse to get drunk at parties but without a doubt i should at least know what i am doing to myself .
the fact that i do n't is probably cause for alarm .
except that one time you had a civil war though right ?
on a budget the syba sonic linked in my approved list .
or something ps4 compatable from creative like the g6 .
go to the conquest part 1 program in the programs menu .
it should be the first thing you see when get to the missions screen
nothing happened even if it 's legit someone just posted a picture claiming to be their husband .
you'ld find more relevant news by googling the actress and seeing what she 's doing now .
do you happen to know how time dilation can be calculated ?
and if possible is there a eli5 explanation of it ?
i know the basic idea of relativity but checking the time dilation wiki page has me floored .
you have to realize that it 's your mess and that you 're responsible for it .
there 's no one to be mad at but yourself .
now that you know you 're responsible for your reality change it !
the game is a fork of the 7.3.5 legion client
i know that with a trashy o line a cb ca n't do much damage control .
i bought it last year on ps4 but will not buy again with that crap going on .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
what kind of scum sets up the tourists who support their country ?
drug tourists have a habit of dying and costing more than they spend .
at first i thought it said i 'm an all powerful dump truck at first hahaha .
that 's true but he is still the best director in hollywood .
the only movie who usurped titanic at the box office is avatar ffs .
hollywood should fund all his expeditions because they make incredible movies .
two eastern european college girls at the same time .
honestly i watched all of friends along time ago and would remember the eps and goings on within those eps upon watching them but that episode and ending always sticks with me such a classic joey moment probably only beaten by the thanksgivings turkey on the head antics .
there is no such thing as recession proof '' stocks anymore .
that 's a bit of a hyperbole but there is great truth in it .
so 16/58300 die in a car accident due to distractions
assuming you drive for 40 years of your life you would be driving for 2087 weeks
therefore chances of dying in a car each week are 1/7605549
so if you are above 25 chances of dying become 1/10140732
the mega-millions draw on tuesday and friday so you have a 2/302575350 1/151287675 chance of winning .
thus it is only 151287675/10140732 times more likely to die in a car accident due to distractions
chances are n't in your favor but at the same time they are n't as bad as he is trying to make it seem
this happens to me when someone interrupts me mid hoedown .
is n't it amazing though how you guys care so much when grown white men are a bit overworked but when it 's children from south-east asia who make your clothes and your phones in much worse working conditions you could n't care less ?
i would laugh every single time i got a snippy comment like they just told a great joke .
but i 'm kind of an asshole so ymmv .
obo and tenz on esea they both have better bullet control than every professional in the game today and far better than any other player on the server unless they 're in the same one .
obo and tenz on faceit they both have the same bullet control as most every other player in any given server when they play in their status servers .
now i find it consistently occurring and i find it hilarious that on the manual ban platform they cant spray transfer worth dick then on the non manual banning platform they never miss a spray transfer .
ive played with tenz quite often in esea and its down right hilarious watching him spray and transfer .
and ive watched obo on esea and faceit via his stream and its a night and day difference
assuming no-deal by next summer there 'll have been several months of enjoying the benefits '' of brexit .
riots are not implausible regardless of how people voted .
and it was not the majority of the country it was a majority of those who voted .
man the mexican voice sounds so weird almost like a grown up guy .
as someone who had one of these majestic beasts shit man you right .
other people being racist does n't have a direct link to effecting your views
most people 's goal is to exterminate racism so it effects everyone 's views .
seeing racism should make you more sensitive towards the subject .
you 're pretending america is n't a 2 party system .
if you want your vote to count being driven out of the right means voting for the left .
throwing away your vote helps the establishment which is the opposite intent .
if you believe being right wing politically is inherently racist .
the right wing party is inherently racist https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_strategy .
as is additionally demonstrated by their staggering 80 approval https news.gallup.com/poll/203198/presidential-approval-ratings-donald-trump.aspx of historically racist trump
this is even further demonstrated by the fact when trump started locking innocent hispanic children in cages his approval from republicans skyrocketed to 90 !
the only way to really get something decent is by rerolling .
when the acc lvl is low rates on 5 star chars/cost are incredibly higher than for a higher lvl acc .
i got 4th 5 star chars 3 x 10 pulls on my 5th reroll less than an hour per roll meanwhile in my first account lvl 37 im on my 14th 10x pull and have n't gotten any single 5 star char yet .
looking at pokébattler most of those can trio at level 30 and most you listed seem more like level 35 .
start with your dragons then fill in with the dark and ghost type attackers .
the future does n't matter if these people starve to death today because the only job in town dried up completely .
this post has been identified as artist 'wale ' and track 'my pyt ' .
which is a playlist dedicated to the latest first 25 top weekly posts with in title in r/hiphop https www.reddit.com/r/hiphop/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
it 's really proactive and brave of you to post online seeking harsh critique but it 's one of the best ways to improve so kudos .
other people have said that it does n't make sense to have a thick ballerina but it does n't bother me .
you 've spent a ton of time getting detailed shadows on the face but the tutu is extremely sketchy and rough .
you probably should have more detail in the face than the clothes or background but not by such a wide margin .
the style is very different from the style of the face and it 's jarring to have the two styles juxtaposed .
your background is also really streaky particularly above the arm that is lowered .
for shading you need more dark values throughout the piece .
you have some decently dark values around the face but that needs to be balanced in your composition .
overall it feels like the face got all the love and attention and the rest of the piece was an afterthought .
the full piece needs to be intentional and coherent .
if you had cut out just the face and submitted it you might have gotten a better grade .
a lot of love and joy shows in your ballerina 's face .
i really like your choice of subject and emotion .
if you had submitted this to the subreddit as as passion project not as a request for feedback in regard to a class you would have gotten a much warmer reception .
some like it hot burn the roof of your mouth twice with the same slice of pizza .
all i 'm saying is if those passionate about climate change were as passionate about innovation and entrepreneurship there 's a lot more that could be done for climate change .
right now it seems most of the effort is on lobbying and activism .
putting current resources on stability and performance and adding some extra employees to add some more guns and a vehicle/the sedan within a few months would go a long way
that 's one of my biggest problems with it .
they hyped up all mhigo so much only to push it aside for the far east .
it 's harmful in the existential sense that having your attention drawn to functionless features of your sensorium is harmful it detracts from the finished of our attentional which are temporal on a very basic level resources .
and it could be more literally harmful if you zone out in colored dots or other low information processing features if your sensorium like while driving or doing other unsafe actions
your submission in r/army was automatically removed as a violation of guidelines 1 4 and/or 8 .
please review the guidelines and consider posting any questions to the weekly question thread https redd.it/9qc3bs the recruiter thread https redd.it/9knovo or r/militaryfaq .
click here. http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/army subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+post https www.reddit.com/r/army/comments/9qxmme/joining_the_reserves_with_an_msw_while_working_on was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+why.+i+would+be+grateful+if+you+could+explain+what+subreddit+rule+or+guideline+i+broke+with+my+submission.+thank+you+for+your+time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/army if you have any questions or concerns .
been 164-170 every day the past fortnight near me in the burbs of melbourne .
the yellow mask could be the one clancy brown 's general character for the life of me i ca n't remember his name wore when under grodd 's mind control in season 1 ?
cannabis may seem harmless even beneficial to you and me but the last thing a dictator wants is people kicking back and saying well that 's just like your opinion man . ''
glad your tesla can get the tlc it needs .
i got the update but i 'm not sure about other regions aus btw
well this was also when the racist dick bag stephen harper was prime minister .
he probably said no because he 's secretly just like trump except way smarter about the economy and benefits of free trade .
this post has been identified as artist 'fit for a king ' and track 'shadows echoes ' .
which is a playlist dedicated to the latest first 25 top weekly posts with in title in r/metalcore https www.reddit.com/r/metalcore/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
would be fascinating for you to do a livestream with nick rekieta !
this post has been identified as artist 'westside connection ' and track 'the gangsta the killa and the dope dealer ' .
which is a playlist dedicated to the latest first 25 top weekly posts with in title in r/hiphop https www.reddit.com/r/hiphop/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
yeah that would be a really crazy talented artist if it was a drawing the shadows and subsurface scattering are really detailed in a way that would be hard to achieve by a human
that every generation is happier or as happy as the previous one .
the victorian values of poverty being a moral failure has never left the tory party .
there 's a very good ian hislop documentary about it knocking about .
you 've become my new favourite i 'd love to see some closeups after wrecking your ass with that monster !
i found that taking a activated charcoal pill when i decide i 'm done drinking has the biggest effect .
simply take one with you when you go out or have it when you get home .
for me and everyone i told this about tell me it either softens up the hangover by a lot or outright makes you feel like you never drank the night before .
i based this on the ambulances giving this to ridiculously drunk people on the verge of coma .
try it at your own risk and do not abuse alcohol after you stop having hangovers please .
i need this pattern where might i find it ?
adrianne is bae she always just stands around so i can use her tools and she even looks over me so i dont hurt myself or make a mistake .
i noticed the annoying booing more during the smaller venue matches .
that if i do good good things will happen .
why do you keep posting this in loads of different sub reddit 's ?
it 's popped up on my feed about five times now ...
one i 'm pretty sure i would n't pay to take lessons on .
i 've asked for auto pass before but i think i kinda get why they do n't want it .
right now you have a lot of players forgetting to press the button which slows down the game .
but they 'll get used to it and things will end up going smoothly .
but if you make it that you sometimes have to press it and sometimes not people will take much longer to get used to it .
especially since certain leaders will disable auto-end-turn for half the game until you decide to use their ability .
so i think i 'm happy to accept it being a manual step .
one weird thing i noticed that tapping space bar ends the turn in gwent but not in thronebreaker .
raids used to be 24-players and were much harder in this picture the entire raid wipes for failing to 4x cc six adds simultaneously .
damn i 'm high and i just thought that was the funniest shit i 've ever posted at 6am😂😂
so what new sex do you want to label someone born x or xxx or xxy ?
since you 've got such a hard on for chromosone sex you clearly wouldnt arbitrarily say whatever they look closest to '' all of a sudden just for convenience sake .
youd declare we need new terms to be scientifically correct here right ?
oof that might just be william 's being william 's at that point hard to tell .
it 'd be like their rental rules no renting to a solo shooter yet if you bring your own gun you can go in on your own .
i 've literally walked out of their indoor range with my pistol walked up to the counter and asked to rent a used xds i was eyeing up got told no .
c'mon grab your cameras and go spotting at your local ractrack !
i do n't remember hearing his name for a while now .
calling people love '' to act like you 're above them .
using the good old this is why trump/robinson are so liked ''
having ranged weapons for equinox has won me some games .
especially since we 're on console and dont have time to drag stuff out of collections to use .
so despite his previous behaviour you do n't care ?
why not support someone raising these issues who 's not a criminal ?
surely it 's obvious why i do n't like him ?
he 's a violent criminal not much more reason needed .
his acceleration and agilty is fucking terrible the guy seriously needs to lose weight .
you do n't have to be some muscle tank to be a great striker look at guys like aguero and messi .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
to be honest if you load yourself up with the correct flavour of adblock then the illegal sites become infinitely more user friendly and reliable than any legal one especially the tire fire that is crunchy roll .
if we 'd been a part of ireland through that time we 'd be where they are now .
and let 's not pretend that the civil war did n't have a huge impact on the development of the south or that the manufacturing industry in the north would n't have helped the south develop faster .
both sides of the border have suffered our unnatural separation .
i was carrying over 600 at one point wondering why i couldnt find why was weighing me down .
guess i forgot how to put stuff in my settlement from fallout 4 .
yeah when i was a kid i always read in bed because i was never sleepy .
now i 'm always tired at the end of the day and when i get to bed i easily doze off .
i usually read on the sofa before heading to bed so i do n't feel like reading is restricting my sleep time .
lol making pk accounts isnt a huge part u can make accounts so fast unless u wan na do some stupid build that gets fuck all fights anyways
the new viper school witchers turn them into bricks pretty reliably though
sort of unrelated but i find it kind of annoying that youtube lets video authors change the titles of their videos a long time after they upload ever ? .
another was a documentary on bob dylan 's songwriting that chnaged its name to this is why he won the nobel '' after he won it .
for me the scariest part of this journey is the idea of telling my friends family and colleagues when it eventually happens ... and certainly no chance of liquid courage then !
it 's even more frustrating because i know my fears are totally irrational..ugh brains suck sometimes
so just observe them and the mind will settle by itself .
china has clearly said it was not an accident .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=what is the most inappropriate statement you have always wanted to say but have never had the chance to until now ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
technically an ecp ca n't authorise it it would have to be a medical officer .
by letter of the law neither volunteer crews or actual paramedics can do a valsalva either but perhaps could with consult .
i 've never heard of a volunteer crew giving adenosine and i ca n't imagine it ever happening .
considering they are n't trained or authorized to even place an iv .
if you are xbox can i have the ps4 code lol ?
nah it 's way easier to gain rep with 7th legion than it was for any of the reps in legion .
if you were starting fresh for the legion allied races it would take way longer .
there was no equivalent of the island expedition weekly for a guaranteed 1500 rep each week for those .
then u should trust as most news media hide there fault
there was a lot of anti german rethoric in the uk right wing .
tbh i got the kramer stainless out of curiosity as i thought the shape of the blade was odd and unique at the same time after finding out how much real kramers cost hell no ! .
to me it was pay the 1-2 for like 80-90 of what a real kramer is after reading through the forums .
i was lucky to find the stainless one going for a large discount and ended up getting it .
was pleasantly surprised by it and the relatively thin edge and its profile at least for me has very good sweet spots on the blade for cutting .
being a carbon steel lover i decided to get the carbon steel kramer and ended up with a blade that to my surprise was thicker at the edge than i had expected i 'm alright with the spine thickness of it but may have to thin the blade a fair bit when i have time though i am more of a laser lover .
i tend to use my knives pretty evenly when i cook but if i were to say what my favourite would be it would be the moritaka aogami super and the ashi white 2 honyaki they are just great knives to have .
except the dalstrong one yeah that one is the only one i rarely use xd
your submission was automatically removed because twitter.com is not an approved site .
if you feel the website you are trying to link to is trust worthy please contact the moderators .
note that this is a work-in-progress domains may be added and removed as needed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shinyporn if you have any questions or concerns .
you know this entire comment chain started with a facetious remark right ?
edit and i ai n't just doing a just a joke '' defence .
if we defend a very specific version of christianity then the whole point of apologetics is moot .
specific version only defend against other denominations more than you are defending your faith !
i 'm tired of seeing ignorant people making blatantly false claims like 'no proof that much is clear ' .
the only thing that is clear is your unwillingness to accept massive amounts of empirical evidence in favor of evolutionary biology .
people already gave you the best answers for the grass but maybe some creeping thyme in your rock garden fills in with green nice and really gives contrast to the stones
it was sweet and encouraging and i sorely needed that .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
all posts on the subreddit require a tag surrounded by brackets in the title to describe what kind of content it is these are the current tags you can use non-lgbt crushes article picture video audio rant sexual health coming out family/friends discussion relationships
if you are confused on how to use the tag system just pick one of those tags and at the end of your post title add the tag including the brackets so example title i found out my crush likes me !
once you do that i will then automatically flair your post depending on the tag you 've picked and now users can sort your content by the tags !
if you have any more questions feel free to contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lgbteens if you have any questions or concerns .
united are responsible for the security at the arena and obviously it was not good enough .
but like seriously i 'm asking for higher quality not to get rid of it all .
bakgrunnstrålingen i de områdene som ble renset etter ulykken i byen pripyat hvor 0 mennesker bor idag tilsvarer vel omtrent ett røntgenbilde hver 14. dag 0.3-1 usv/time .
støv og leire kan ha vesentlig høyere stråling fra cesium noe som jo ikke er veldig bra for f.eks lunger .
ingen av de som jobber som vakter/guider eller slikt i områdene har lov til å oppholde seg mer enn 15 dager der før de må tilbringe minst 15 dager utenfor katastrofeområdene .
guidede turer i området oppholder seg f.eks max 30 min på gravplassen i pripyat da denne ikke var mulig å rense på en fornuftig måte .
som sagt jeg er ikke motstander av atomkraft men foretrekker sterkt at vi reduserer energibruken fremfor å finne løsninger for å øke den .
og det finnes vel fortsatt ikke ett eneste sted i hele verden som vil fungere som langtidslagring av det høyaktive avfallet korrriger meg gjerne om jeg tar feil men downvotes fordi folk er politisk uenig er rimelig teit ?
not really i buy all the games i play .
in fact this is a repeating cycle pirate then buy a few games then buy a game without checking and it 's broken ... repeat .
last one was grey goo buggy shit show that i almost did n't get working and would n't have attempted to make work if i 'd pirated first .
when you pass someone you know make eye contact say hello and they do n't respond at all or turn their eyes down in an attempt to ignore you .
when chatting with a group you make a point .
it is clear that everyone heard you make a sound as they politely waited for you to finish speaking before speaking again .
they nod or grunt to acknowledge that you have said something .
someone else raises the exact point you just made and it is now a matter of great importance .
when someone speaks to you in a sing-song manner when making a request sort of the same way someone speaks to a dog when asking it to do a trick .
when friends talk about having to set up someone they know who is single saying she 's so great .
i ca n't believe they 're not seeing anyone. you 're sitting right there within earshot thinking i guess it 's no surprise to you that i 'm not seeing anyone .
he is threatening me a lot and i 'm scared please help me !
going to sleep now i have the day off though !
message me on psn zefzack and we can figure a time
you are right but i 'd say more problem is with i 've read it . ''
while that being not true at all and ypu 've listened to it .
nothing wrong with that it is great and you know from the book the same thing as if you 've physically read it .
the only thing is that you didnt read it per se but listened to it .
and we were all taught what reading '' looks like so when you sqy you 've read it people imagine what you said .
while that not being true and you 've listened to it .
i dont think audio books are bad it is great option especially if you can do it while working haha .
i find it weird as well calling it reading while it is listening .
definition is different as calling it reading is twisting the definition of reading imo .
and i dont mean this in bad way or anything i just think there should be visible differentiation when talking about something and not using same word for two different things .
i think it 's great there 's option to reading and listening to books .
amazing thing and you made a great choice to listen to audio books while having that time .
and i dont think you did or got less than from reading by your own eyes even kids listen to their parents reading and noone thinks they dont know the story or it is bad .
tl dr reading nd listening to books is great i just think it is reasonable to differentiate which one person did and i dont think there 's something wrong with either .
further the freedom that members get is much reduced .
finn despite never formally joining the resistance chooses to leave .
he is n't breaking an oath they do n't pay him he does n't know anything that could undermine them .
you could argue that they have the right to stop him using their escape pod but they do n't actually use those escape pods to ... . escape and if rey can have the fastest ship in the galaxy as a loaner finn can have an escape pod no one is going to use .
essentially finn is being held against his will by an organisation with no oversight and no due process .
compare han just deciding to up and leave the rebellion in iv and v he gets moral judgement and requests to stay but true to an organisation fighting for freedom he is free to go if he so chooses .
rose knows that finn is a hero who helped blow up skb .
how can she just assume that finn leaving with a bag means that he is deserting ?
what if he is being sent on a mission for the resistance ?
instead of bothering to at least question him her solution is to taser and arrest him .
and if rose bothered to question him she would have learned that finn was trying to find and warn rey about the fo tracker .
rey being force sensitive and a future jedi is an important resistance asset .
finn was correct in wanting to warn her and keep her safe and his taking an escape pod for this purpose was reasonable .
and yet on the side of the first order we see the same .
snoke harms and humiliates hux albeit more severely for the same battle that got poe punished and yet is not even demoted and remains the unchallenged commander of the first order war machine meaning that on paper hux technically got a lighter punishment than poe .
just because somebody posts on a subreddit does not mean they are part of the cabal .
i mean do i have to spell it out for you ?
i do n't even know what to say back to that you ca n't logic someone out of a position they did n't logic themselves into i guess .
i was in a big discussion yesterday about these issues and many people were ashamed to admit that when they learn about the catastrophic weather you 've been experiencing in the southern states they think you goddamn well deserve it for your profligate and uncaring guzzling of fossil fuels .
of course we sympathise with the suffering of folk on a social scale but as one chap said i call them yanksthe planet fuckers
they 've only released it on ps4 for now .
so after several days of high profile liberals being sent letter bombs a suspicious package arrives at the largest liberal tv network in america even if it turned out not to be an actual bomb can you blame them for taking a highly likely scenario seriously ?
you definitely do n't need shark cards to buy everything .
you can easily earn the money over time especially when they released their newest heists that are doable with just two people .
also since playing on ps4 i 've been randomly gifted well over 5mil just as a thanks for playing.
that being said i have definitely bought a shark card and that goes back to because i wanted to and i do n't regret it at all
and it was so long ago before i officially joined no sleep that i ca n't even try to figure it out .
can we swap this shield sooner so that most of us can deconstruct/sell those crap exotics taking up space ?
all you have to do is glance at this man travel photos and you 're a fan .
i think sanya really appreciates how you can be so dedicated to your family but still make sure to make time for just the two of you .
sir when we said it was okay to be stripped to the waist we did n't realise you 'd just be wearing a t-shirt .
i have to ask you to put on your pants and leave ... ''
well then we clearly just need to ramp up the police and fed 's attacks on the left .
that 'll show those right terrorist who want to destroy america what they 're dealing with .
is that the default assumption when two characters both have an extremely rare technique and a strong connection to one another ?
also what constitutes learning it on your own if knowledge of the technique is a basic understanding of what it does ?
all of those sites used to work fine on monday .
i got a tik tok what musical.ly turned into ad for this video and that made me laugh .
that is actually the complete list of her personality traits .
ive always liked edmonds because he 's a frequent color guy .
but ive heard his wife was on those real housewives show and that he 's unlikable .
ive also heard yadi can be a jerk although ironically contradicting that he won the clemente award
if a random guy comes and starts smashing the fuck out of my car i 'm assuming i 'm next and i 'm making my self safe by getting out of there .
same here man i love everything about the game the people who bitch and moan all the time are annoying
a backer apparently reported suspected self pledging '' to kickstarter but as usual no action from them .
it 'd be very difficult for kickstarter to prove self funding as the project owners can just 'wash ' the money through any other account they have access to like their families/secretaries etc .
also it 's not in their interest to police this as if the project does n't get it 's goal ks do n't make any money .
looking at the graph it does look a little bit shady but at the same time a lot of projects will see a little flurry of activity towards the end .
because you ca n't see individual backer amounts on ks although you can on igg it 's very hard to 'prove it ' .
in any case a travel iron is a little silly as every hotel i 've ever stayed at has had either a laundry service that will do it for you or will let you borrow an iron from the front desk .
please for the love of god stop saying this actually your probably one of the banned players alt accounts stfu they were all cheating since long ago same circle of players using the same cheat zzz luckily their last player stopped playing and went irl before it got detected
this is n't a problem it 's just a dumbass doing what dumbasses do
i would have thought that griffin players might have had a chance though given their showing .
similar artists to explore not in playlist echos https open.spotify.com/artist/6snmmblq4is8wiyt3ksmcr tiësto https open.spotify.com/artist/2o5jdhthvphrjdv3ceq99z dillon francis https open.spotify.com/artist/5r3hr2cnccjt220jmt2xlf kaskade https open.spotify.com/artist/6tqj5bfpoota08a7pk8aq1 patrickreza https open.spotify.com/artist/1tjnpde5opdb6zqmscttyx remmi https open.spotify.com/artist/14eqoejwqwefzqlaxusmjf afrojack https open.spotify.com/artist/4d75gcng95ebptnvonvxhz larcy https open.spotify.com/artist/0z1yz23m0wxsacoc54pdcv levianth https open.spotify.com/artist/1ktbgibgfuqaxbdexx3l6h madeon https open.spotify.com/artist/4pb4rqwsogugxm63xmj8xc
no one here at the centre of intellectual and educational findings is available to take your call
if it were in russia it would be in russian
we 're a year away from the games after next months lets go games and those will likely be brand new gen 8 games .
so it 'll be another year after that before we can possibly get remakes .
why would mcdonalds be hinting at remakes so far in advance ?
it 's just to tie into the current year of legendary '' promotion .
the other toys available are latios/latias reshirsm and zekrom etc .
the thing about that sort of racism is that it 's not just an incidental part of people 's lives like preferring poached to fried eggs or thinking phil collins works better within the confines of the group than as a solo artist .
it 's really fundamental they view all their relationships and actions through that distorting lens .
they 're willing to burn any and all relationships to the ground in order to pursue their racism .
does n't melmetal look like a transformer or is that just me ?
especially what you said about how your mom choose your ndad over you and your siblings made me think .
i often forget the situations where he was treating me disrespectful and she just stood there doing nothing or even defending him .
a part of me just wants to leave it all behind while another part wants to save her .
you are right in the end it will be her decision .
ya um ... your not supposed to have fun bud sorry .
call her out on how this is on her not you and you got some serious trust issues now that werent there till she wanted permission to fuck around on you .
ya when it was an equal situation and you thought you were being honest with each other .
hypothetically if your password is stolen and lose a significant amount of value would you be forced to call yourself an idiot or to admit that the system is imperfect ?
i was wondering if you can heat the oil to petroleum using the thermo aquatuner but that would n't work because of the aquatuner 's overheat temperature .
how about sending oil in a pipe though the volcanic biome ?
assuming we can stop the oil heating beyond 500°c can the pipes handle the element change that happens without taking damage ?
i 'll pimp my sailing club sunday is the balmain regatta http www.balmainsailingclub.com/balmain-regatta first held in 1849 .
you can either sit and enjoy music and a bbq from the shore or i 'm pretty sure there are still some tickets left for the vip cruise https www.eventbrite.com.au/e/vip-balmain-regatta-experience-aboard-boomerang-sunday-28th-october-2018-tickets-51003326322 .
if you mean you do n't like background blurr just stop down your apperture .
i love the gta series and was incredibly dissapointed by v. the only opinion that matters to me is someone who does n't think that gta v is all that .
could it be that you ca n't charge the move controllers at the same time as the regular controllers ... ?
i have one of those all in one chargers from amazon
the majority of iranians do n't have anything against saudis we simply want to live in peace .
the middle east is too small of region for so many countries to be at each other 's throats and at the end of the day it 's the people that are losing the most we need to put a stop to that and work with each other to improve the middle east .
looking at the events that have taken place during the past few decades there have only been two groups that have benefited from the death and destruction in our region the weapon manufacturers and the elites who mostly reside in the west .
that needs to stop there 's absolutely no reason for our people to not cooperate to better our lives .
it sure reminds me of the its safe to turn off the computer '' screen from back pf the day .
the car clock which wasnt connectedcn had novalarm cost 2
i have a few more to finish first though .
if you really hate this place so much why are you even here ?
i 'm not sure kunoichi is 2,000 dried leaves ?
or checking if they 're at a new dominos delivery spot .
athena clearly thought he was setting her a series of challenges each more fiendish than the last ...
i hope we beat you but it is n't yerrys fault
you are using some of the very best decks atm .
there 's a number of ways to improve your gameplay .
generally the most effective one is to record and review your own games and think about what you could have done differently .
you can also find a partner to voice call and spectate each other and debate every single decision .
the other thing you can do that at least in my experience helps improve skills faster is to participate in tournaments .
the wild community has lots of events where you get to faceoff with tier 1 players .
i 've learned so much by playing with better players than me in tournaments .
if you 're interested start with topdeck gaming https discord.gg/ctgmgja and prehistoric bucket https discord.gg/2qjtp3r .
unless you were having issues from pronating before switching shoes then you do not have to worry about probation .
many people who pronate do not actually need supportive shoes to correct the pronation .
feeling confident in my picks for today so probably gunna go 0 for 3 .
this team is a train and you can either hop on or get out the way .
ev odds at home is too good value to pass up .
in edmonton i still see the caps laying a smackdown .
teams still at cup caliber and theres only so much mcdavid can do .
with both teams a game away from .500 and flyers being a team that wins away and loses at home i see both teams getting to 5-5 tonight
posts about medical hygiene and toiletry related tips are no longer allowed as they have been placed on our restricted topic list which can be found in the sidebar r/lifeprotips/about/sidebar .
please make sure to read through the sidebar before submitting in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lifeprotips if you have any questions or concerns .
if it were real it 's a lousy way to waste the opportunity to have a proper meal before you die .
i do n't know for me the last meal is the high point of being on death row .
'she has been fingered more time than david attenboroughs passport '
'seen more japs eyes than a nissians wing mirror '
dude can you see my page and answe my post ?
the fact that no one has gotten hurt makes it funnier and okay to laugh about imo .
i 'd have you try to hold them like that while i tickle between them .
remember when we had just lost to wisconsin in ot in 2016 and we thought we could knock off osu and then got 62-3 'd ?
i immagine this isnt final yet it is only the demo client and i immagine the addons api is lower down the priority than getting the base gameplay to work .
so i would n't be see surprised if they adjust the functionality before actual launch .
you should probably buy a house condo so you can get a return in the long run .
maybe we should have a sticky post about what a flashback is because it 's so not like the movies .
fill in the bubble as in pen and paper which is counted by hand no computers .
the progression of his statement literally has me belly jiggling laughing .
but you say you do n't care about portability ?
that 's a great find and surprisingly good words coming from swift .
refrigerators are modern inventions and we did n't have them for a majority of our history .
food was scare and even if you had excess it could n't be stored for a long time .
that meant that humans evolved to favor foods that have high sugar content that can provide an instant burst of energy since it can be metabolized quickly and fatty foods which are also a rich source of energy .
so when we eat something sweet or enjoy a nice juicy fatty steak our body is saying yes !
i can use more of this ! since these kinds of food were favorable we evolved to identify them through having a desirable flavor .
so if sugar had no flavor we would n't eat it at all and that what be a great thing .
it would drastically reduce so many major health issues around the globe .
my stove has 2 normal burners one large and one small .
the small one does n't seem to ever get liquids to a boil .
you can remember it by n before the m .
that 's a common occasion for most countries where b teams are allowed .
the b teams of the best clubs in the first division usually win it or are at least the very best squads in that tier .
thank you for your comment i 'm still learning the ins and outs of my fetish and words of encouragement help me more than you could know .
i know it 's the most common fetish in men but i 've never met anyone who does anything other than mock or ignore the whole idea all together partner or otherwise .
this is two guys on different shifts that do n't like each other and do what they can to annoy each other .
lived to tell the tale a little more scarred a little wiser .
seeming like you 're confident is n't really a great way to go as it 's just a facade .
i got my first job when the hiring manager asked me what is lubricity ? '' .
i told him i had no idea and i had to go look it up .
everyone else excepting one other candidate tried to sound smart and answer things easily even if i know little about something '' .
that one other person and myself were given the job because we did n't try to bs and fake our way in .
the hiring manager told me that he used that question specifically to weed out the fakers .
fake it 'til you make it is great up to and until you fail to deliver on expectations .
u/texasforever95 your submission was removed for not including properly tagged location information .
since this post is not public you may immediately make a new post .
your title needs to include city state and country information .
you must include a hashtag symbol between the city and the first parenthesis .
if your country does not use states or provinces you should use your county or district .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not an oversight at all they are definitely acutely aware of how often they need to replace the rails .
the project is still very much in development they 're only recently beginning to outfit a few ships with them and even then its still mostly for testing and i guarantee you that increasing the longevity of the rails is one of their primary concerns .
and even then if the rails are relatively inexpensive compared to the rest of the system and maybe they 're not i 'm just speculating here it might still be worth it to deploy it as is for now and simply replace the rails when needed and continue to research ways to increase their longevity .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
mayfield has the better matchups of the two but obviously stafford has the proven track record
i 'm shocked at how many of my teammates routinely ignore healthpacks that are right next to them do n't pick up a million shards that are left after we frag the entire enemy team etc .
but then again there are players like that in every online game i 've ever played .
however you can pick up all you want if you ca n't move well and your aim is n't worth shit you 're still going to get fragged quickly .
lost count of how many scalebearers thought that megahealth and megaarmor means they can bumrush me as nyx or slash without thinking ... big mistake .
if however your movement and aiming are really good you can often get away with not being overstacked all the time .
besides i do n't get satisfaction from just shitpiling on the enemy but outplaying them as nyx walljumping all over them and pulling off a good rail mid-air now that feels good .
mine goes from one extreme to another an hour 's worth of makeup and matchy-matchy clothes lots of red she loves red also home-sewn clothes that look like a little girl picked out the fabric but flattering lines on the clothes themselves but she 'll also walk downstairs when people are over in her nightgown with no makeup and obviously no bra she 's well-endowed .
you go slow ? i 've tried to take my gravel bike raleigh tamland up dirt roads that are so steep you ca n't get out of the saddle as when you unload the rear tire you lose traction so you have to spin lower gears help tremendously .
i still think i disagree that a rider needs to increase fitness as long as they are enjoying their ride i see no issues .
riding a bike does n't need to be hard it can be fun and if you do n't need to go fast who cares .
touring bikes often used mtb cranks and wide range cassettes so you can spin up steep hills with heavy loads and big tires .
saying what others are afraid to because it would affect their image .
stay away from sugar learn to love savory vegetables .
just think of healthy being something you owe yourself .
ive lost over 100 lbs and im still chubby .
if you love to eat healthy will be a life long battle .
but if youve met your goal it 's time to celebrate !
and keep fighting for the healthiest you you can be !
too bad the maps are awful and game balance is a joke
it 's helpful for people who did n't know or don'tvspeak english as their mother tongue
you will have to secure the number 1 overall pick in 2020 to get tua at this rate .
he could stay his senior year as well but if he keeps playing like he has he probably wo n't
there can be some shift of a 1-2 lbs but not 5 lb swings in plates unless you 're at some old school gym with really old weights .
at some point you have to just assume they are what they are the best you can and go from there with micro loading .
i would n't use plates below 1.25 for the exact reason you mentioned though .
a set of 1.25lb plates costs like 25 on amazon not a huge investment for something that will literally last you the rest of your training career .
i just use my thumb nail to make a little dent in the stem and it practically peels itself .
in vietnamese it 's hải cẩu also pretty much the same
lunafaction+rift means a solid 15 seconds of grenades too .
but i 'm running enhanced grenade loader on the raid gloves and i have the fl catalyst completed .
so your sister knew it was coming but did nothing about it ? ?
kept seeing them on reddit and it was driving me crazy .
if i see some more i 'll snag some for you .
whenever i had customers come to me being like wtf i am always negative i would set them up with online banking .
if you are n't using online banking you are missing out .
i use the desktop version as well as the app .
other than that my only advice is to budget and live within your means .
pay your bills on time so you can get approved for a credit card !
i 've been hit 3 times at intersections along st georges road i feel for you .
yeah whatever it is switching to another tab and switching back normally fixes it for me .
because the argument does n't address the right to choose it describes a method and a person 's emotional state after dealing with an unfortunate tragedy in their life .
if this is why you 're opposed to abortion then you simply do n't understand what 's being discussed and are basing your decisions off of bad reasons .
while i might usually agree this literally has essentially zero to do with this entire disucssion and adds nothing to the conversation of value .
that would certainly be a logical argument for why otr and the shahins would want vaping sales restricted to licensed retailers as happens with tobacco which is n't what the governments changes do but it does n't explain why them selling tobacco would make them want to lobby the government to outlaw the very business they 're already engaged in selling vaping apparatus online which is banned by the new laws .
if they are lobbying they 're fucking horrible at it .
we 've got those where i am as well as tropicalis .
is your heart rate regular with a good steady beat or does it seem to kinda skip beats ?
have you ever had an ecg or anything done ?
i would definitely suggest having it evaluated by a doctor so they can see what exactly your heart is doing when it speeds up with a holter monitor or something of the sort .
140 bpm is pretty quick and if it has no apparent cause like exercise it 's certainly not normal .
also the heart rate readings on both fitbits and blood pressure machines can give false readings your best bet is to feel your pulse in your wrist and count it for a minute to confirm that it is actually elevated .
i stopped by iceland to buy these for lunch just because of your post !
they are pretty good i agree better than linda mccartney .
only disappointment i have with all uk meaty '' veggie burgers is that they are soy-based .
beyond burger is based on pea-protein and while soy is great for many reasons i 'd like to have some options based on pea protein too .
you want things that are more impactful when you 're behind than things that snowball in arena .
pair 4 elemental weapon for lily with valiant crown and watch that def buff turn into a str buff as well .
no which is another part to the point but it 's still something they have the right to that they do n't want other people having .
like marriage or adoption rights or having their choice of seats on a bus .
things they take for granted and do n't actually care about except to say that people they do n't like do n't deserve them .
yeah because nobody wants to give 20 of their pay just to have health insurance ... .wait a second .
is that a slice of butter or tiny post it notes
i would imagine it 's just a battery needing replacement .
the confusion between pachycephalosaur teeth and those of theropods is actually old news to anyone familiar with the history of research into the group https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_pachycephalosaur_research .
did n't say i did n't want one just do n't have one . ''
cracker 's attempt at hunting for a sugar daddy on national tv found dead .
the advantage of a quality build is that you can basically use most weapons in the game .
each has their own advantages so it depends on your playstyle .
growing up in the maritimes it was an open secret that you could use ei as a vacation .
given the low cost of living it was n't hard .
ask a maritimer what 'no no no yes no ' means and they 'll laugh at you it 's been the answers to the pogey questions for quite a long time .
any emoji that adds time is great for this i average around 10 per game with white rabbit
if you love him and he loves you and you both see the future with each other then nothing should matter to you .
this is sensitive question for him so if it is not a problem for you then leave it as it is not required to bring into the conversation with him .
people around you would always notice it and may think differently but you have to make sure that nothing would affect your love for him as the important thing is that you are happy with him .
nice to see salah getting back into form it 's been wrecking my head hearing every commentator say ‘last year he would have scored that ' after every half chance he gets
your post does not have much of a body .
please write more than a title if you would like to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reddeadredemption if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm still curious if rockstar will even do singleplayer dlc for rdr2 .
turns out conor does that strut because hes got a gerbil stuck in his ass
this is just one lucky escapee of the quality control line .
judging how the cuts are rounded i would say the cut was done while the cookie was not baked yet and then the waste cookie can be recycled seeing as how it didnt get contaminated
i have those exact same though about not being enough too much or that i am driving him away or that he will find someone else who does n't have these problems .
yeah i get extra protective and insecure when he talks to other girls as well during that time .
or i take his normal joking very seriously and take everything personally .
i feel like its very interesting how our minds can pull things out of the wood work that happened so long ago sometimes like hey do n't forget they did this or said this .
i also read some where on reddit about it being the werewolf '' phase and it resonates with me so much ! !
that 's the worst stat kd was shooting over way shorter players .
so while it was technically contested it was pretty much open .
new chapters have been coming out but the fan translators have been unable to obtain some raw scans of them
got my first ace with an sl i do n't think the print them anymore nice find
there 's a delay in between drinking them it 's really a bug it used to only affect minis but now it also affects big shields .
he surely isnt a black natuonalist.. and his fake orange tint does not count
l'alternativa ad avere gente che non condivide la tua idea .
nulla ti vieta di esprimere il tuo pensiero e prendere i tuoi up/downvote in uno spazio tipo r/italy .
se hai paura di trovare gente che la pensa diversamente al punto da downvotarti puoi cercare una community dove tutti la pensano come te e quindi ritirarti nella tua bolla .
kick back and drink some wine out of a coffee cup with barbra while some stoned college kid watches your monsters run around .
i also understand the whole burden to your friends thing .
my anxiety has been really bad this past week and it 's getting in the way of my conversations .
whenever i start venting i feel like i 'm just being a bother .
and i get it it could be hard for others to grasp stuff like depression and anxiety .
but it still sucks that i do n't feel comfortable sharing with others .
amazon is on track to capture nearly half of all online spending in the us this year according to emarketer .
in addition amazon web services its cloud computing division is the premier service in its field capturing 17.5 billion in sales last year in a market estimated to expand to 83.5 billion by 2021 .
this leadership position makes amazon a perfect buy-on-the-dip stock as well as one to hold for years to come .
my first interview was in lubbock and it cost me 343 for round trip and one night hotel near the school .
on other sites it was 600 at the same hotel and it was one of the cheaper options .
is a very fine one that 's hard to miss
it 's content that op personally does n't enjoy .
but the thing is that this is a shared space so you ca n't unilaterally ban andrew huang or whoever he is making veiled complaints about .
other people enjoy those videos and frankly without them i think we are in for more what should i buy '' and monologue pics '' type of posts rather than thoughtful text posts regarding synthesis .
i think the rules for this sub are good and i wish r/modular would pick up on some of them but i 'm not for overkill .
nasty nate in your area about to cause mass hysteria
this is back to back years our opponent has an iffy pen and it wont matter
i think i 'd be happy if joel never shot another 3 this season .
i really do n't like bullies and you seem like a bully .
i think some people ought to stand up to people like you .
do you really have to make sarcastic comments just because it 's reddit ?
would it be wrong for me or anyone else to not make sarcastic comments here ?
hi there it looks like your comment is a top-level reply to the question posed by the op which does not provide any links to sources .
this is a friendly reminder from the np mod team that all factual claims must be backed up by sources .
https www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/wiki/guidelines wiki_source_quality we would ask that you edit your comment if it is making any factual claims even if you might think they are common knowledge .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/neutralpolitics if you have any questions or concerns .
did you name your cat after a metal band ?
well xyz in arc-v got screwed pretty hard by fusion so it would be internally consistent for xyz summoning to be terrible in vrains s
i am aware gabapentin is used to treat anxiety it just does n't seems to be working for you .
it appears your doctor is on a path to discover an effective medication for you .
i 'd consider adding therapy to your treatment plan .
also i 'd do some reading on somatic symptom disorder .
recognizing our body does things daily that may not mean danger is key .
but what would even be the point of the sub if not for new posters ?
did some research and turns out bruce was working as a doctor in beginning of the avengers .
not sure about the credentials for the 616 version .
and then he was moping around on offense for the next couple possessions annoying .
had this happen when using an outdated version of epoe .
right now i prefer chubb but if you 're in a comfy spot michel has the higher ceiling
like someone beside you in a car screaming owww ! into your ear because a fly landed on them .
the multi-hyphenate begins this endeavor must 've enjoyed the play and film bug but incorrectly assumed that volume was a cure-all .
i returned to this movie because i think it 's lewton 's best despite the flaws and even though i 've already seen it it 's the only lewton available to me .
lmao he does n't have an answer that wo n't contradict his whole ideal so he goes after your grammar .
you are the person i wish i was i would be too chicken to say anything and regret it a ton later .
giving someone half your shit was n't enough so you had to do it again ?
1978 https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_afghanistan 1978 e2 80 93present the us supported those who fought the soviets and once the soviets smartly pulled out of afghanistan they had all they needed to take over the country and turn and get the american invaders out also .
the taliban was the main government and had farmed and exported massive fields of opium poppies which to this day is still the number one exporter .
america 'invaded ' https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_on_terror on the false pretenses of osama bin laden both being responsible for the attacks and being in afghanistan and the war in terror '' which is a war on ideals borderless and illegal .
they wo n't say it was to put military bases on each side of iran afghanistan iraq and to take over the opium production .
osama bin laden was apparently found in a raid in pakistan https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_osama_bin_laden who possesses nukes but i do n't understand how a man who was dying of kidney failure before 9/11 supposedly lived in a cave for so long needing dialysis
america has been going through an opioid epidemic and i like to think it 's correlated .
those saying that it goes back to 9/11 are wrong .
9/11 was perpetrated by saudi nationals https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hijackers_in_the_september_11_attacks at least according to the official report of a passport found blocks away from the collapsed twin towers which indicated who were the hijackers .
it 's also taking the camera off the other team 's offense to show joe flacco on the sidelines .
or maybe a recording of a moment from earlier in the game .
it is extremely unlikely that any attorney will give a free consult over a couple hundred in damages that op probably ca n't recover .
they were all released at the same time fenix 's story matches up to that .
adrian was the one who brought his favorite bread to the practice if i remember .
had i not said somebody remind me about this in a few years '' then that would be creepy .
as it is though you simply do n't understand plain english .
he 's an adorable kid and i expect he will become a handsome man .
i want them to say underrated so they stay cheap
you 're experienced in the gym so i can say this to you ...
so you 're saying that after not training kicks and endurance your whole life that your kicks and endurance suck ?
i 'm one of the ones who started that rumor lol .
it only makes sense if you look at the rework list .
next up would likely be the ussr and france with a nordic rework since finland and the ussr are so intertwined in the war .
it 'd be unfair to rework one and leave the other one on the shelf with chopped liver .
the reason i say ussr and france is because they 're the last 2 majors with a common theme communism so it would make sense to rework them together .
italy is gon na get stuck with poland because there 's nobody else left to rework .
not saying this is better or worse than ubi probably better however i am pretty sure that 's how the chinese system worked .
i guess a key difference is that they were required to work unless they had a good reason like being sick .
someone i was close to for a short time drew me some pencil sketches of some random pokemon .
i do n't look at them often but sometimes it 's nice to remember him .
i wish my whole body felt like this gif all the time .
one thing i 'd wish it had more of was other races .
i know you were probably limited to a budget and could n't afford the additional makeup/costumes but it would have just added to the star wars feel and vibe .
i should probably be a good person and join my merle hay neighborhood association ...
my favorite ac game would have to be black flag .
there was nothing better than sailing the open seas with singing pirates and that beautiful ocean .
i really hope he means he agrees with this ... how can any logical person disagree with this ?
oh wait right fish tastes good and without animal protein i will literally fade away .
i mean in coven almost all of them could do the 7 wonders but some choked during the actual test
but the most infuriating part is that they spelled losing wrong
hi your post has been removed because we do n't accept censored posts .
please review the guidelines and resubmit either a new photo or you can crop this one .
they would go off if they have a dick or vagina
yup curling up in bed with a nice cup of tea/coffee and a podcast is how i usually a good bit of my time on off days .
i was expecting it to tell me why the likelihood is n't 100
cap hits which affect how much money can be spent on the rest of the team
if you look at the other categories of stress '' family money health/safety wy ranks right near the middle .
only in the work category is the state an outlier 2 .
i 'm pretty sure it has to do with wy 's reliance on the oil/gas/mining industry which accounted for 27.7 of its gdp in 2017 0.8 in mn .
the state 's median household income peaked in 2013 71,084 around the same time as the price of oil .
as of 2017 wy 's median income is 57,837 and the state 's economy is 6 smaller than it was in 2008 .
that might be enough to induce some work-related stress .
if you want a high quality flexhead look in to gray tools and as a bonus theyre made in canada bit pricey not snap on pricey but i love my 1/2 drive flexed from them you can tell its built well just from the feel of it
after rewatching coven to prepare for this season ... .i felt the same way .
i lost track of how many times everybody died and came back .
i remember the discussions being oh she 'll be back next week .
lebron 's uncontested rebounds was nearly as high as westbrook 's .
sure but sometimes you skip the intro and the in the middle of the action she screams fuck me big brother '' or some weird shit like that .
they all also invented new names for themselves separating their most important work from their parents lineage .
nc since march 2017 i 'm hitting the hard part now thankfully my husband my friends and my therapist all support me being nc ironically during all of this i miss my grandmother who died when i was young and was always there to protect me from her
well i guess that 's one way to use your body gauthier lmao
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/9r5bi0/my_21f_roommate_isnt_letting_me_22f_sleep and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likley consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
in a lot of movies those maniacs actually chew their pills .
you said i dislike brown people and generalize them to be less than me .
stop deflecting and provide your proof for your claim .
difficult when your strikers are shit due to lack of investment though .
i will fully admit that i do n't understand metaphysics because i do n't think anybody can truly .
ryu has never pitched in a temperature quite like this ... ''
i 've never heard of a falcon i guess that process your point .
could n't agree more and i 've almost been grinding my teeth hearing people echo the sentiment it 's great when i find it profoundly lacking in substance and almost unwatchable .
m-5 please nominate this post for an in-depth analysis of why star trek discovery is intellectually and morally regressive .
hahaha i 'm sure he carried cutie into his afterlife .
gg georgialee but i could n't pronounce that when i was a kid always had these 2 blue jays that she fed peanuts to .
my bi weekly visits started including trips to get bird seed so i could lift it for her .
anyway i was always convinced it was the same two blue jays .
i plan to get a tattoo of a blue jay with a little slip of paper that says catch ya later gg in her hand writing .
the last letter i got from her dated a week before she went into the hospital says it at the bottom .
she always signed her name with smiley faces in the gs .
did not know that neocutis skin products used aborted fetal cells
dude was making it out like he should be the 1 overall in pre-draft interviews .
i think the concept was great and i chuckled quite a bit .
i liked the buildup of tension as ron goes into his rant about mexicans and jobs .
i feel like there could be a bit more tension/dramatization and a better delivery for the final punchline though .
and cut the skit after the phone call ends rather than having that extra dialogue bit i think would be good
if you have a rooster they might be fertilized but it 's basically a chicken 's embryonic cell or two .
i had no idea this was coming out but ultimately if it 's a great product for a reasonable price i 'm in !
i 'm not saying fly seal team 6 in at night in some stealth choppers for an extraction .
but all trump has to say publicly is that we welcome them to apply for asylum and that should make them slightly safer because touching them after that would be a big deal .
i 'm kind of concerned that you equate human lives with families friends etc with tea to be dumped
okay so just pitching then lol aside from corbin which big free agent would we be spending the money on .
i do n't think cc will be a big target for anyone else and i think we should be able to lock happ up .
i do n't think we should get harper but i do n't think pitching is reason why
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
you can both read a chapter of book in a language you study if your level is high enough then discuss it together .
you could take a look at this extension we made for studying languages with netflix
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
how much is btc down since it 's ath ?
granted you found 10 but it was 10 that you lost last week
cause nothing i said was an insult but you did call me dipshit whitey and a racist .
you have n't addressed a single point in my last comment if you actually want to discuss something let 's do it just know that your absolute disdain for white people in itself is much more racist than anything i wrote .
i 've never played again picking numbers for something you have such little chances of winning is too much work .
have an infection under my sack groin whatever u call it
but its on my leg sits under my sack near my waist and bladder
im not even old enough to even have this stupid ass problem ! ! ! ! ! !
and i have to fucking go through this ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! !
looks kinda like naomi woods if you want someone who looks like that
yeah the new renders are n't exactly doing it for me either .
alright since when is verbal assault i 'm assuming inter-team worthy of a penalty ?
i personally agree with the rule since it 's a way to prevent bullying on the race but it seems so strange at the same time .
his last tip to me was over ten times my second best tip ever
hopefully she is fine it could be something very subtle about the environment changed and bothered her and she will chill out soon .
edit for example my sister 's cat once spent a few weeks whining because a dripping tub faucet he liked to drink from had been repaired .
he had his water bowl of course but preferred the dripping faucet .
try several species of small furry animals gathered together in a cave and grooving with a pict
of course if they get to the point where they see it they better be smiling because ...
i feel like that would be a nice change of pace given the current political landscape .
just saying that to take the ambiguity out of my statement .
the person that created iampicard got permission/help from db and when they first started working on trying to crack down on people running scripts the tool was specifically called out as safe .
sorry i 've watched gamexplain stuff in the past and everytime all i can do is roll my eyes at what they 're saying .
it 's not that they 're that bad it 's just i ca n't believe they have a million subs and just repeat the same shit every other leak '' channel says and of course reupload trailers and basic game footage .
i do n't have any honestly i 'm just going off of my own experiences with pants
i do n't want to read it too fast but i need to know what happens !
the battle royal mode looks like fun plus it 's been a few years since i 've played a call of duty .
stop trying to drag me into your shit and i 'll go straight back to not giving a rat 's ass .
i found out that you could n't do rmt posts with a 3 day ban .
with a monthly pass it comes down to roughly 15/day .
you also get in/out privs and if you visit downtown for events dinner etc. you get free parking .
who amongst you will be in indonesia comic con https www.indonesiacomiccon.com this weekend at jakarta convention centre ?
i would say that if he goes through the classical portion of the match and holds carlsen to get into the shorter time controls the psychological edge will go to caruana .
try and check out the monasteries at mount athos though they only admit men and on a super-limited basis helps if you 're a practicing orthodox christian .
do n't overlook thessaloniki either it 's very different to athens and in many ways i preferred it .
it does n't have the acropolis sure but it does have a cool young vibe to it without the simmering political tension that always seems present in athens and there 's a bunch of cool early christian churches too .
other islands are better and corfu has a huge issue with garbage apparently the bin men have been on strike for a couple of years because the landfill is full .
the government built a new landfill in an illegal place too close to homes water sources etc so the bin men wo n't use it and the riot police are there to control the locals who hate it .
in the mean time there 's just enormous and i mean enormous piles of garbage just sitting around everywhere .
perfect example of how poorly-managed tourism can just completely ruin a place .
if you want to listen to an album that is basically on par quality wise to the room try angelic 2 the core by corey feldman
are you talking about the inside survivor edgic article ?
that 's why i love this sub no drama just love of nail polish .
for me it was 3 months between getting my class date and my class date .
it varies widely but it will rarely be that low .
this submission has been automatically removed due to a title formatting issue .
for subreddit cleanliness and search feature use the year tag in submission titles is required .
please format your title thus documentarytitle year optional description ''
our sincere apologies for any inconvenience this has caused and thank you very much for your contribution to the community !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/documentaries if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't remember this was a month or so ago .
i approached only one girl and she was listening to music all the time .
so no luck and i have almost no previous experience approaching women .
of course an accountant is going to be held accountable it 's his job duh
except if we are adding just simple assaults the list is ridiculous .
the number of people punched and such on both sides is insane .
our team was going through hell overtime every fucking day for 8 weeks at least monday-saturday 10hrs every 2nd sunday as well .
bob '' was this guy i had lunch with a few times quiet guy .
but the poor guy 's in his 40s and stuck in a 23k pos job with a new wife at home .
morale was at an all-time low and then the pricks up above told our hr team to relay that we 'd be doing even more overtime for the next 3-4 weeks .
'' do n't worry this is the final stretch .
you 'll just be working every day for this month . ''
i turn to bob '' and shrug cos like what can you do ?
just as i start walking back to my desk i hear a thump as he punches a cubicle wall .
they ca n't they ca n't keep fucking doing this to us ! !
40 heads turn towards bob '' it was one of those stand-up meetings as he slowly realises what he just did ...
i love you to bits for wanting to adopt them !
and i 'm happy to spend the time to help someone bring home kitties !
i would highly recommend pet insurance if you can afford it but there are a few things to keep in mind
senior cats are going to be more to insure have higher deductibles and lower payout rate
unlike people insurance companies are not required to cover preexisting condition in animals .
this means that if they already have something insurance will do nothing
a break in coverage could mean that thing they got diagnosed with is no longer covered
i recently insured both my kitties through figo because i liked their coverage amounts and what they covered .
for each one of my cats it costs about 35 a month .
my senior kitty 12 or 13 years old i think i have a 500 or 1k deductible and it pays out 90 of medical costs .
you can of course raise the deductible and lower the payout rate for a cheaper price .
they have other plans that cover say 10k in a year that are definitely cheaper .
i do n't know if you can start at the 10k plan they get diagnosed with something then move up to the unlimited plan .
also ask your vet about pet insurance they probably have experience with multiple plans and can give you their honest feedback on who does a good job !
some vets even have a preventive maintenance plan where you get all their shots/checkups at a small discount .
i probably should have asked my vet what their experience is but we were about to leave on a trip and i had a bad feeling so i only researched it on my own .
having an emergency fund is also a useful thing even with insurance .
so if your deductible for both kitties combined is 1k definitely have 1k .
when you go through the pricing with your partner do have some rough end of life conversations about the kitties .
like if they cost more than 10k how would their quality of life be ?
what kinds of things would you decide to ease their suffering for ?
it might also be worthwhile to talk to emergency vets in your area about the actual cost of an emergency .
i know a friend who adopted a puppy who almost immediately got parvo and that was 1k .
but if it requires overnight stays surgery that can be so expensive !
i got the unlimited plan because i did n't do the research and the difference between something like 14k and unlimited was a couple dollars a month .
as a side note if/when you do adopt them spread the love !
post that all over reddit on how amazing your senior kitties are !
kittens are the cutest things ever but they 're crazy and their personalities are still forming and they 're work !
senior kitties tend to be super chill and wonderful but because they are n't these tiny weirdly proportioned things no one wants them !
wait who 's fender ... i know bolts and phelps but fender ?
lebron i think is 70-24 in games he has a triple double i think now info from april of this year so pretty close
oh they did dude ... lots of people bought those packs and even more people bought the summer packs that 's why we are here today with a 55 cosmetic pack .
here in ecuador a 20 pack of marlboros runs about 5.25 and a 10 pack is about 3 .
it 's crazy to think any random idea any firebrand lunatic in the early medieval period thought up could just be tacked on to the back of the quran and its 'yep this is a law too now mate ' .
i do this but with specks of gunk on the window and i jump '' them by bobbing my head so that they look like they jumped up on to the next road sign or rail or whatever
one good chef 's knife ideally with competent sharpener .
safer better and makes a fair amount of cooking way less of a hassle .
probably 90 of non-grilled cooking can be done in one .
non-it/business folks i know are awful at using electronic calendars and seem to remember shit they wrote in a book far better .
i carry a pocket sized notebook with me almost all the time for thoughts doodles reminders and whatnot and my first task once i 'm alive every morning is transposing yesterday 's stuff to outlook/notes/etc .
i have a small shelf of the daily thoughts of me do n't go in there .
this is a short film i made for a local film festival called the germ .
every 3 months the germ is held with a theme and limitation .
this theme and limitation was day of the dead '' and the limiter was that it had to be shot on a phone audio can be captured separately if wanted .
as always these come down to last minute so i shot and edited this in about 5 hours to submit it on time .
this was really fun to make and has given me some motivation to get started early for the next germ .
if i could make this in a couple hours with a phone i bet i could get a lot done in 3 months with some good pre-production put towards it .
asl and bsl make it a true inside joke .
do n't give up hope do n't start slamming those panic buttons .
everyone take a deep breath and let 's see what this team can really do .
yeah i think our realistic best case scenario is go be like the 20th or 21th team and give boston the 10th pick .
hopefully 4 teams jump and our pick ends up being the 14th
we were hardly in the champions league in the 90s .
i would argue the best solution would be to avoid comp like the plague and encourage others to do the same then watch the comp population stagnate should those people follow suit .
although you said in a previous comment something about how solos should be at an inherent disadvantage against teams in a team-based mode .
why then should solos be allowed in at all ?
if they 're to be at a disadvantage in some cases so bad that the stack is basically fed a win why should they be allowed to queue ?
not to mention if solos were to be locked out all the complaints about solo queuing become null and void .
i am not accusing you of this belief but i do believe there are those who want solos to be let in for easy wins and stomps .
it shows in the stacks who dodge other stacks .
competitive needs to figure out what it is and what it 's for and changed appropriately .
it 's on the same level of competition as trials ?
it 's a playlist for all players to test their skill ?
then adjust the matchmaking to better suit this with priority to match solos with solos and stacks with stacks .
i see people who dress in such a way that they clearly take themselves way too seriously .
man i know he 's amazing on offense but jokic 's defense is really hard to watch lol .
he literally just does n't jump most of the time and la was just taking it right at him .
i hope he can at least get a little quicker to contest some shots but y'all got ta chill on that best center in the league talk for the joker for a little while .
she might not end up with a huge warrior .
he gets his castle in the form of evenfall hall while she gets a husband who respects her and wo n't try to change her .
or perhaps she 'll marry some guy she wo n't meet for a year or two after the final credits role .
or perhaps she wo n't marry at all but will become a hedge knight like her ancestor ser duncan the tall .
the only destinies i do n't want for brienne are to be coerced into marrying someone she does n't want to marry or becoming a king/queen 's guard .
if she learned nothing else from jaime it 's that being a king/queen 's guard will inevitably put you in conflict with your own honor no matter how good the king or queen you serve .
their friendship had no purpose if she ends up making his mistake and their friendship was fundamental to who they 've become so far .
i really enjoyed it fun moments between characters cool new grimm solid fight and the ending was a slight cliffhanger but no where near as bad as most episodes in v5 .
i hope the rest of this season is like this .
it can be easily mounted on windows osx and linux
all it takes is 75 stamina for 20 books bruh .
i 'd highly recommend at least getting marco books if you 're inclined towards skipping lucci .
marco has a kind of a long special to max and he 's so so good with his lb especially on enel teams .
even if you do n't have him you 'll be extremely glad if you have the books for him laying around on the off chance you pull him some day trust on that
eh i transferred to a different campus of my uni in a different country for my third year and they made me sit with the first years for orientation and gave me the bag with orientation stuff even .
having heard everything before i minded my own business on my phone messaging family in the second last row of the hall and the first year lecturer giving the orientation called me out for it .
are you delusional i have suggested a fix ... a tc or plot pole .
man i always knew that guy was giving me the sex eyes https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1a/giovannixii.png !
also no one was killed in weather underground bombings except for three of the groups ' members who accidentally blew themselves up so even if they were around today islamic and right-wing terrorism would still have a much higher death toll .
odyssey surely was the adventure game i waited just that it was assassin 's creed odyssey
this was good but they could n't help let the song invade their lines.. wish they made it more spoken and less melodic .
last i seen they were 21 to 24 i think i have a pair of victor cert crimson for 22 ?
i 've never seen anyone use those boosters tbh .
alot is sold now this was to try '' what felt best sooo much money
love bomb is one of my top songs of the year .
the new b-sides are good but i 'm not listening to them too much .
i still like their earlier b-sides better in particular 22nd century girl miracle and pinocchio among others .
i remember going back and watching only to be surprised it showed him strangling that dog .
jojos will probably be the hardest colab to get possible .
maybe if grand summoners was bigger but as of now probably no .
or daisy could be pissed about the fact she was violated by one of her friends who said point blank he did n't remotely feel remorseful and then had to deal with literally everyone siding with him .
then there 's also the fact fitz is a massive hypocrite for putting daisy through that for the good of the world but then literally helping terrorist ruby in the next ep cause she threatened jemma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cakeday if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry to hear that the 8 plus is a dope phone too
ask her why she does n't want to swallow if it will settle your curiosity but do n't expect to change her mind just because you found it to be nothing .
if she does n't like it then she does n't like it .
i 've always had a hard time on my inner arm .
if a journalist took it there 's probably very little to no post processing
seems like the only alternative to them soaking in it is it getting all over something else that 's going to be much more difficult to clean .
also at least it 's contained away from their face i guess ?
i was in my 3 hour lecture so i missed it and am now waiting for it to pop up on the app .
the sheer will power it took to not just leave half way through to go home and watch it was insane .
on october 25,2018 at 18:00 utc 8 only the following trading pairs were removed open/usdt and drgn/usdt .
the town centre is getting new restruants on a fairly steady basis .
if you prefer to drive you could try the hilton or notcutts complex .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not correctly order the tags .
the tags are being required in a specific order to keep everything easy to read .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleagueexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
the fact that it was completely free of any and all bloatware pure android experience .
also it was insanely fast and super easy to use .
i have n't gotten another one because i just ca n't afford it right now .
once i save up enough though i 'll be getting another one definitely !
you are aware that 30,000 registered republicans and 10,000 non-affiliate voters also ca n't vote in our i live in georgia election .
if you like canada so much then just go there and stop spewing false narratives like shit from your enflamed asshole
would n't credit card companies eventually catch on and just cancel your account that is you would n't be able to swipe anymore ?
it seems you 've posted a huge wall of text ...
now the largest paragraph size is only 181 words instead of 569 words .
if they are going to bomb everyone who criticizes trump they are going to run out of bombs really fucking fast .
just like a lioness with a mane your chicken has a little testosterone overdrive .
i also have a rir with little nubby spurs.. she wo n't put up with my rir rooster trying to mate with her she 's tougher than he is !
i can cry about new gwent '' if you feel like it 's missing .
played the beta for 802 hours best card game i 've ever played .
it was so good that even after the midwinter fiasco it was still playable in a decent shape and enjoyable .
what we have now is a casual mobile game .
looks like it feels like it plays like it .
i 'm still giving it a chance been playing it a lot since it came out but the 'umf ' is gone .
it 's not a game designed for me i 'll have to accept that and move on .
be a bunch of slutty rocks like slate that rock 's a slut .
i dont give a shit about your self promotion .
you are literally spamming multiple subs and now being a self important self styled intellectual and writer .
i just checked in the po-603 which is the rural carriers duties and responsibilities it helps to save a pdf copy and reference it with questions
you must deliver parcels to any residence or business that is on the line of travel or within one-half mile of the route and has a passable road leading to it .
you do not have to go on the driveway and never needed to in the first place .
what 's the seller going to do they do n't have the guitar .
those two combos make for a good video am i right ?
everyone talks to themselves out loud either about what they 're working on or having a discussion with themselves on how to solve a problem .
i agree but unfortunately the public perception seems to be that it 's a mark of beauty
u/justanicetexasgirl your submission was removed for not including properly tagged location information .
since this post is not public you may immediately make a new post .
your title needs to include city state and country information .
you must include a hashtag symbol between the city and the first parenthesis .
if your country does not use states or provinces you should use your county or district .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
do you guys have the legend upgrade on ps4 ?
if so just trust me you need to try lafluer .
a crap load of stock sold hence the major drop people not liking the volitility but just like every new sector in history the first couple years are shakey supreme will be a gem in a few years you guys are nuts to sell its on fricken sale right now
supreme took this 100 mil and are expanding the ontario facility and the adjacent property
salvaged ash wood from a felled tree in my backyard plus epoxy and polyurethane .
i never imagined that i could ever leave the church .
i had questions as a teenager but somehow i kept coming to the conclusion that i just was n't faithful enough to understand .
the experience freaked me out and made me start to ask harder questions .
my husband placated me and i figured he must know more because he was a missionary .
i started to wonder if it was possible that joseph smith messed up or was a fallen prophet .
more questions led me to read more and i realized the church was probably bullshit .
then together we did something that had previously been unthinkable to us and we walked out forever .
we went from doing family and personal prayer scripture study family home evening weekly church attendance serving in time consuming callings to being done with it all in the blink of an eye .
i see no problem with a woman being sexy and smart .
there 's no issues with a man being sexy and smart .
i 'm not flashing all of my goods all over the place .
and i know that i have more to offer the world than my tits or ass .
but i 'm also not going to be ashamed of accentuating my tits or ass because i work hard to keep in shape .
that if a woman accentuates her chest she 's acting like a mindless bimbo with nothing to offer other than sex .
female empowerment is feeling comfortable with your sexual powers and knowing your intellectual worth .
god i love meta music like this where it 's done correctly and harmonizes with the bgm
mccain is only good in the slot i dont know why everyone is so up on him this is the same thing that happened last season once team had some tape on us .
at least it 's still a game though turning into a shootout maybe ?
in my opinion an author 's lack of literature intake may not harm things like story structure character development and other things which can be absorbed through other media such as film but it would definitely affect his or her available vocabulary .
when i 'm reading something i find that i need the word choice to be at a level i 'm acclimated to in order for me to truly enjoy the work .
sure i can read something written in relatively simplistic language but i will be no where near as engaged as another work with a more complex vocabulary .
that being said i 'd like to also state that just because i enjoy a more complex vocabulary that does not make a story which uses a simpler one a lesser story in any way .
we 're looking to get a new panel in our house and we were quoted 3500 .
you 're only 99,800 karma away from joining us in r/centuryclub !
and all the downvoters yeah you fucks will never qualify ...
edit it was this when i clicked on it https twitter.com/hbelz4/status/1055650740734189570 ? s=20
thanks for the support and let 's all help make america sane again ...
whats the story on her retiring and cutting her hair ?
the game would be 24-28 if brock did n't miss parker
generally they believe trans men are lesbians in denial regardless of who he says he 's attracted to .
poor guy only knew how to make giant knives so they fired him i 'm glad subway sees his knives as useful !
now i 'm thinking of a 2 mile long roller coaster launch track to launch people into orbit like what i did in roller coaster tycoon
i managed to get all the way to the top once .
i think i used the walls past the statue to get the initial height .
wait 1 year before even spending a dollar of it .
but i think apart of the boob was trying to be understanding but he 's just too damn dumb .
most good schools require 2 for hebrew and 4 years for greek
i have milkshake straws as well however i prefer metal and glass ones .
given that one exposed the other i 'm trying to figure out how these can both be bad in your mind at the same time .
all home appliances and house hold things like water heaters and ac units and furnaces .
yeah i know ssj4 goku mybe a better replacement but the problem is that this team is under 120 which still not that much in term of percentage boost so when you face strong enemy like ultra instinct you will find gohan much better as he provide 50 defense support and has a chance to guard their attacks so bascially he will add a defense capability to the team while goku is just a normal hard hatter
i just picked up the progear 1600 which is basically the fitness reality with a different name .
got it at walmart with the matching bench for under 300 .
i usually start with a song i like and then develop a theme/character from there !
google searching is n't looking at a single website .
google is working very hard to keep itself from getting gamed by bad actors who manipulate their algorithms to skew results .
this pisses off a lot of those bad actors who like to say things like it is known that google skews its results ... . ''
if it ai n't after this game armstrong sure as fuck better have a press conference .
i saw the one for the unbridled enthusiasm https www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/comments/9fc4x4/dave_samuel_helping_to_mocap_his_emote ? ref=share ref_source=link was pretty funny/awesome .
i 'd say if it gets holes easily then it 's not very strong 🤔 .
but the fact that it 's cheap easy and light plus easily enough patched up in the field still makes it 👌🏼
do n't keep the lights on too long though !
i used to go a few times a week or more ...
i havent gone since that franchise owner was a dickhead after ontario raised minimum wage .
havent missed it everything there sucks now especially the coffee ... and whats uo with the meal ration bread they use ?
but are n't you saying muslims are the same ?
you count them as one group and talk about cultures clashing .
oh but no turks do n't count when it 's inconvenient .
i 've have n't met a muslim as toxic as you seem to be i figure we 'll be just fine unless we see millions more of your kind .
as a woman i would support you in whatever makes you feel good as long as it is n't hurting you .
you do you and the right one will come along !
we seem to be installing and using the cables not designing them .
the maximum distance between the telecommunications outlet and the horizontal
cross connect shall be no more than 90 meters .
cords and jumpers in the telecommunications closet shall be no more than 5 meters
and the total length of all patch cords both in the telecommunications closet and at
the work area shall be no more than 5 meters
well at least the ball movement is a lot better now
i found something awesome in pubg mobile ! i got it for free thanks to my friends !
https www.pubgmobile.com/en/event/bargain ? module=1007000 uid=583878182 orderid=279027708 name=chu4c src=system adjust_t=1ccqjjq_28blkbm adjust_deeplink=igame1320 3a 2f 2fmodule 3d1007000 26uid 3d583878182 26orderid 3d279027708 26name 3dchu4c 26src 3dsystem region=gl
never in a million years would i have thought this could happen ...
wait hold on there 's a level above reddit gold ?
i always thought gold is like the highest form of upvote
it 's one of the easier titles to get into i would say .
it 's also 14 on steam right now instead of the usual 20 so it 's even more appealing !
he 's either contractually obligated not to shit all over the officiating or there is someone from the acc in the booth with a gun .
nothing else he got going on in his life i assume ?
i ca n't imagine a busy person pouring that much energy over something that clearly does n't bother the actual person you involved .
the reference v56 is somewhere in between a 1070 and 1070ti .
get snacks or drinks from the kitchen without bothering anybody in the rest of the house
nothing says fit in love and happy 40-somethings like a nicotine addiction !
i will always choose the front side since that is the one that has your face your very best body feature
even from a distance you can see the ducks are starting to pile on top of each other .
as the pile starts to grow a large dark grey storm cloud appears above them .
you start to hear low rumbling thunder from the clouds .
they share many of the same traits but are a distinct species with their own evolutionary cycle .
i admit i can not say for sure but am leaning to them being intergalactic beings .
personally i prefer standard fused clapton coils as i experience a far different flavor profile from mesh .
it 's more ‘crisp ' i guess accentuating top notes and providing less depth .
i like deep nuanced bakery/cream flavors more than light fruity types so i have stuck with claptons in the tobhino the best single coil flavor monster imo .
this post was removed because it is not from an approved domain .
note that all users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
other than i.imgur approved domains are gfycat and and integrated reddit host i.redd.it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/highheelsnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i think they are just incredibly stupid and i imagine most of them probably do n't understand the case outside of the music .
the irony is that he was much less likely to go to prison because she was defending him .
or at least not cooperating much with the investigation .
tikal a booty i do n't fap to nearly as much as i probably should .
i guess i mean cartoons catered toward kids but good point haha !
which is why i 'm not giving 2k any sympathy .
they know about this and still have n't patched it no matter how many times you report it on their site .
this is not a company i want to keep giving my money to if this is how they do business .
they should have fixed it with a patch last year not let it continue onto 2k19 .
he 's being facetious trying to rile you up and you are eating out of the palm of his hand .
carbon taxes are not the smart way to deal with climate change .
people need less govt and more money in their pocket to be able to make better purchases .
imagine if you had more money to invest in green energy companies or could afford to buy green '' products in the store .
the private marketplace is much better at solving problems than the govt .
legend has it they 're still navigating that ikea to this day .
no he promised to come back tomorrow i told my brother to not take anything except his contact information until we get this cleared out .
but for the time being nothing has been given to us .
came into the theater an hour and a half early
if we remember both clerks and clerks 2 then this might sound like some one is confusing the end of one with the beginning of the other .
it 's not even clear that it 'll be an arc yet .
tammy returning is a fair bet but i wo n't be shocked if phoenix person only returns for a gag at best .
if you wan na nitpick on definitions go ahead and waste your time .
you spent more slapping my wrist than actually just telling me .
ended up selling myself as people watched but also now i have criminal record and a court date to look forward to .
i once worked at a small but politically connected consulting firm in springfield il .
illinois ' state 's capital the son of the mayor was hired but he only lasted 3 weeks .
it 's just really difficult to understand that sa knows how to destroy the dna evidence for the pool of red liquid if it was indeed a puddle of blood but ca n't remember to not touch the hood of the car or keep the spare key .
embiid is averaging 30. you run your offense through jokic .
embiid is miles closer to closing the offense gap than jokic is closing the defensive gap lol
well on the bright side at least these odds are better compared to the mega millions
your post https www.reddit.com/r/nocontextpics/comments/9rfvwe/pic in r/nocontextpics was automatically removed because you used an invalid title .
if your post is nsfw title it pic '' without quotes and tag is nsfw using reddit 's nsfw tagging option .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nocontextpics if you have any questions or concerns .
i just found a pretty crappy copy on youtube !
thursday night has better quality broadcasting but monday night has shinier looking helmets
be the cool stage mom/dad and bring treats every now and then .
make sure to communicate well with the director and other department heads of the show so that you 're not missing out on things or failing to have your daughter meet the requirements of a show missing deadlines etc .
as a long time theatre tech director please do n't be that '' mom or dad .
be courteous helpful and an all around good egg .
there 's nothing worse than a parent who will not listen and will take it upon themselves to do things contrary to what you 've asked .
this is not only frustrating but can be dangerous at times .
please do n't alter her costumes unless asked to .
whether or not you like the costume is not important and does not matter one iota .
it 'll teach your daughter a lot of life lessons and she will make life long friends in the theatre to the point it 's like an extended family .
since hot water increases inflammation im sure that alone would defeat the purpose
i feel the same exact way ... so many bitching tryhard kids who suck and ruin the game for the rest of us
outside of this sub discovery is n't all that popular .
it did so poorly that netflix refused to pay for season 2 forcing cbs to pay for most of it this time .
the picard show has been rushed in case they are forced to cancel discovery .
majority of pros who actually are skilled players with vast knowledge of the game along with coaches hate sr and competitive and thus barely play .
the mode doesnt work and it just a casual mode .
was only given cards by my uncle before that .
i do n't know why but i hate it it gives me a really weird feeling .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i 'm more forgiving in games where they cost a small amount like r6s or something like cs go where you pay 10 or 20 bucks to get in but still while i 'm okay with cosmetic dlc i 'm not happy with skins that are unlocked through gambling especially when there 's no economy which is why i 'm even more forgiving when it comes to cs go .
your spelling hints are really shitty because they 're all essentially remember the fucking spelling of the fucking word '' .
you are reading it wrong it is reset your pc and clean your drive this is so deleted non os files can not be recovered .
do you want me to look at grandpa 's phone ? slash_rage/grandpa 2020
i have n't had a chance to install it yet but i watched the trailer and wanted to say it looks fantastic .
my teacher told me if someone is paying you 1000 per month then he will expect you to give him a profit of atleast 2000..
if you want 2000 salary then prove it to him that you can give him a profit of atleast 4000 .
not really sure if it 's in support or not but i 'm not really seeing anything of them mocking it .
and i have to ask any of them was hack checked ?
because most of gen3 event egg pokemon i got were hacked
sorry your post has been removed it did not begin with aita meta or wibta .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
the issue is that you do n't have to do them right now .
just distribute them your blessings when you want to and do the blessed grounds when you gave out enough .
could be a change in your worldview or bad acid ?
i 've got 17 but i think i can go vun deepa
is it safe to come out of the air raid shelter ?
i agree with you but if it 's an ongoing trend for you where every guy says the same thing maybe you need to take a step back and evaluate yourself .
there might be a quirk or a personality trait that 's turning guys off .
when i speak i dont sound cool though i sound like a nasally american
update in case anyone cares we ended up cutting down 60 just by switching exclusively to small snaps through a decent-sized percolator bong .
the joints were very wasteful which i probably did n't want to admit !
also i 've found that i can still get the same medical benefits from a smaller amount i was just impatient .
waiting 15 minutes for the effects is no big deal .
also after keeping up our old regimen for a couple months i noticed increased amounts of anxiety .
reading this article about overabundance https www.elitedaily.com/life/culture/from-a-stoner-to-a-stoner-why-smoking-too-much-weed-can-fck-up-your-life actually helped put things in perspective for me .
these are just some tips i 've found for anyone in a similar position it 's a miracle plant and you can often still get relief from smaller doses .
and it 's sure nice to have the extra spending money !
is this the movie with tim allen in it or am i misremembering a completely different movie ?
description/changelog github https github.com/jonarzz/dotaresponsesredditbot ideas https github.com/jonarzz/dotaresponsesredditbot/issues responses source http dota2.gamepedia.com/category lists_of_responses thanks iggys\_reddit\_account for the server !
there i was just a young rook about to get my feet wet i shaked with fear as my feet reached the battle bus .
the whole squad was dropping in tilted towers so we knew things would get messy .
just as i deployed my shoot and reached the ground i ran over to a chest opened it and to my surprise it was a golden scar i did the hype so hard the ground shook .
that 's when i was killed by a double pump .
not even most engineman can be engineman after that force conversion lol .
that quote has been around for ages he didnt coin it .
why do i exist when i ca n't get my hands on those.. so purfect 😭
we have way more than two i just wish we had some good ones
chuck this in the daily discussion thread does n't need its own post
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
sharp-eyed i did n't notice that was actually missing from the list .
even as a seasoned programmer i 'll make use of it .
vs really shines when it comes to things like fsm .
i would n't exactly call it common it 's used on ix only .
the ad for their new waffle sandwich came on the other day and i actually yelled at my tv .
i have a shitload of heroes at 130 enough that i can send 6 expeditions and not dip into the loadouts i want to play .
that said leveling a second or third copy of something for a skin just feels like shit .
there are still heroes and loadouts i have n't bothered to get to 130 survivalist warden explosive assassin bladestorm enforcer vanguard ...
they are all terrible but there 's more point in leveling garbage than a duplicate only usable as a skin .
it seems pretty neat and good for taking cool pictures .
the weird part is why they picked up a rock with scissors .
who does n't check before plopping their ass onto the seat ?
it was his mannerism and appearing by surprise as much as anything hence mildly .
when its released to live it will be one or the other and once you upgrade you wo n't be able to go back .
there 'll be a bit of a gap between release of prime and forced upgrade though .
no perks for prime its an update not a new game .
that 's not even the equal amount of people in china .
not to mention africa and south america will probably prefer to side with the country less likely to force a coup de grace as soon as they do n't toe the line perfectly
feel like texting my ex a lot recently too .
it 's tough but i have n't cracked yet .
natty light is n't that good but still gets you drunk after enough .
so what you are saying is you are gon na make profit by their stories without giving them even one of their books ?
it 's not an excuse your lack of resources since you are selling these books for profit .
it 's the first time i 've heard an author not getting his own book for free !
unfortunately your submissions has been removed from r/art because we noticed it most likely does not comply with rule 1 .
here are our title guidelines see the title formatting guidelines in the sidebar for examples
for digital works the size can either be in pixels or in the intended printed dimension of the work .
please resubmit following the guidelines in the sidebar and if you feel like your post adheres to our subreddit guidelines please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty sure she thought they were just gon na confront the guy but nothing serious .
you can tell by her scream she was not expecting that at all .
companies need to stop using celebrity airheads that buy '*easy ' and '*pretty ' to promote tech brands .
so what happens if you do n't draw tundra or the ai wrecks your board with the aoe that kills all 4 or less attack minions ?
i feel a little more connected to the gang now
anyone got another source of the rant etika made after twitter suspended him ?
red is zerg player so there is going to be a lot of zvz
yeah had to wait for wk to scale he lost the solo lane against bristle
i do n't see trixie fans on there freaking out or saying mean things ... ?
you 're also forgetting that the pollution it does create is moved away from busy roads and cities even if the levels of pollution were exactly the same then it would still be an improvement because people are n't breathing it in .
i charge my leaf at work 90 of the time and it 's a carbon neutral office building so all the power it 's getting is 'clean ' read offset i realise this is an idealistic situation that most wo n't be able to emulate but a completely zero emissions car is technically possible .
i like the fact that airpods feel natural in your ear whereas the ticpods feel like you 're wearing foam ear plugs .
well it does n't help them out money wise so i 'd say it 's crappy design where it 's not intentional
i wanted to use facebreakers with dancing duo activate rampage then swap to second weapon slot with the tukohama shield for 1 totem and then have an ancestral warchief totem setup while dancing duo carried on .
best andaman sightseeing tour packages only the best of andaman island packages !
tour 2 andaman is the preferred tour operator for celebrities and high end customers who needs special assistance in the islands .
we have been planning and executing trips for many corporates government employees retired officers groups adventure seekers lone women traveler people with disability and couples on visit to andamans .
i like how he stopped slowly stopped swinging and looked around like wtf was that ?
any replacement if i only have one dark hex fusion and one ruin ?
i was half an hour into a mission and just assumed it would auto save at a checkpoint but it did n't so now i have to go through it again .
you can still use tdh single cast works perfectly fine .
it 's better to be alone than to be in a crappy relationship .
luckily he inked over the actual usernames and password with yellow pen .
i 'm on about 3 hours sleep so my brain is n't exactly fresh ''
who lightly toasts a sandwich then puts it in the fridge ?
sometimes we need to make difficult decisions that while they are the right decisions are far from easy decisions ...
when to leave a relationship that is n't viable long term even though the other person is a good person
when to turn off life support for a loved one because it 's what they expressed in their written will
when to leave a job that is making a difference in the world because you need to earn more money to support your family
there are n't right '' answers to any of these all the options hurt in one way or another .
if you have n't had to make one of these in your life then you should be grateful .
if you have then you know that you will likely be thinking about that decision for decades to come .
by the looks of it its a misleading title they are just the best schools in each country .
looking at the map there is one per country there .
i very much doubt that bsu business education is better that every other uni in uk except oxford .
it is not usual for cross country skiiers that dominates to be ped users .
do n't forget the renaissance painting of a pig who wanted öats from his bröther .
if chat did n't go away as soon as your phone goes into sleep mode then it might be an ok app .
it 's pretty much the app you use to send nudes for the he might save this so i better use snap over kik
i 'd advice you one of the new cdpr titles thronebreaker the witcher tales .
while there 's little influence on the ending and it 's a well-known sequence of events in the witcher universe the choices that you make impact you in many possible ways including plot twists heroes joining/leaving your army etc do n't want to spoil anything .
not to mention that the choice is often emotionally heavy and you never know what to expect of it later .
valencia is much more similar to barcelona than sevilla is .
sevilla has lots of moorish architecture etc and you have the real alcazar which is like a mini alhambra but easier to get to than granada .
if you can get cheap train tickets then i think three cities is possible .
the sevilla train should be cheaper than the barcelona to madrid train .
i believe that the universe is big enough that some other intelligent life probably exists somewhere .
i doubt any humans have encountered it at all much less knowingly encountered it .
for any civilization to have beaten all the hurdles to interstellar exploration it would likely be vastly more advanced then us which puts our ability to comprehend it at all into question .
it would be like an ant encountering a boot and having any awareness whatsoever of the foot inside it .
jeff bezos wont b the richest man in the world by years end
there will not be a subscription for fallout 76 .
however if you are on console you will need to pay for that consoles online subscription in order to be able to play fallout 76 .
i live there and instantly recognized the light fixture and color layout .
idk i got real possessive gf vibes from that lol
if they win their respective offices i 'd rather keep them there .
i 'll just stay here in austin i guess .
on the bright side he now has another feature that he shares with his son
hubby is gon na kill his wife and is gon na be universally celebrated for it ?
description/changelog github https github.com/jonarzz/dotaresponsesredditbot ideas https github.com/jonarzz/dotaresponsesredditbot/issues responses source http dota2.gamepedia.com/category lists_of_responses thanks iggys\_reddit\_account for the server !
una risposta inutile a roma ci sono tra i migliori atelier al mondo con vestiti dai 4000 ad infiniti soldi .
a boy once asked literally if a person has hiv and she dies and then you have sex with her can you get hiv ? ''
another one asked anonymously on a piece of paper if someone 's mum could be sexually interested in her son 's friend '' .
i have enough essence for special lb but the scarcity on fina for unlocking a slot is real .
nm could 've warn us before implementing another use for fina 's ...
you can always try poking some holes in it with a needle .
i do n't remember but it was a really good movie .
it starts off with a dagger and this guy is drawn to it and hes in mexico then he finds it and gets possessed or something
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
safe refers to safe against block punishment so 9 on block at most .
eg highs are usually safe but can be ducked all moves can be sidestepped except homing moves etc .
in short if this wasnt a 3d game then yes all safe mids would adhere to your definition
reply to the fulfiller with thanks solution verified '' once your request has been found .
chances are high that the chapter you 're looking for is already available !
search for its doi/title here http libgen.io/scimag or doi/url here http sci-hub.tw .
alternatively you might be able to find the complete book containing the chapter by searching for its isbn/title here http libgen.io or here http b-ok.org .
if this answers your request please flair your post as found .
if your chapter is not available via sci-hub/libgen be sure to provide us a full citation a doi or the isbn of the source book and a link to the paywall or if you ca n't find one a link to the source book 's worldcat http www.worldcat.org record .
if your chapter is not available online flair your post as needs digitizing .
if your request is n't urgent please try an interlibrary loan ill instead .
if you receive a pm from someone asking you to pay for the chapter please understand that this is against the spirit of the sub and we do not condone this .
message the mods if you believe it to be a scam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scholar if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's why i started reading the light novels .
hes not a great mc but i enjoy the setting enough to tolerate him .
yep i had no problem running sr2 on my pc or my sons pc we played it co op gog version
morrison unveiled his 5 billion drought future fund ... the first 3.9 billion of the scheme which would operate similarly to the medical future fund is to be paid for out of a pool of money originally intended for the national disability insurance scheme .
of all the places he could have taken the money from .
i am sick and fucking tired of this government .
lg would n't pull quantum dot enhancing color space for gamers if they would n't know we want it .
there is a well known theory in psychology called attachment theory '' that describes the type of attachment we had with our primary caregiver as children .
this is the same type of attachment we look for when we search for a romantic partner .
when we meet someone new we unconsciously pick up on and look for behaviours of theirs and feelings within ourselves that remind us of this initial relationship with our primary caregiver .
if we meet someone that matches that type of relationship our brain will release chemicals that tell us to bond '' attach '' to that person .
this is what the feeling of falling in love '' can be attributed to it 's actually your attempt to attach '' to that person to feel whole '' again .
like you did as a child bonding to your parent
if a child attaches bonds to their parent securely '' they do not need to go around looking for that type of attachement in other people .
they have it already and they feel whole '' .
if they have one of the other 2 types of attachment that are insecure in nature they will go around searching for that same feelings in other people to right the wrongs of their childhood and complete the cycle .
this is why some people are just not attacted to eachother .
when someone tells you they did n't feel a deep emotional bond '' with you what they are actually saying is you did n't behave in a way that reminded me enough of my relationship with my primary caregiver ''
thats why men say that their gf reminds them of their mother and why women say their husband abandoned them just like their father .
and unfortunately the people we feel deep emotional bonds '' with after first meeting them are the exact people who can not give us what we wanted as children as they will most like behave the same way our parents did .
this means that that feeling of not being whole '' remains and we are doomed to repeat the same patterns of dating people who are not good for us '' .
this is why women always go for assholes '' or men always go for needy women '' we are acting out our childhood traumas in the hopes of completing the cycle and feeling whole .
finally proving to ourselves that we are good enough .
but do n't trust what i say i could be mad .
if sloane wins the top 4 seeds will be knocked out and the bottom 4 will advance to the semis .
dude in my 5th grade thought the upcoming subject was some guy named edward
kečua torbica ona što se smota da stane u šaku pa sam sad dodao i arpenaz 10 litara ranac mali flis rukavice i bice jakna zimska i neke aktivne majice vidim povoljne su dosta .
ima neki tip sportino se zove na kp švercuje valjda baš robu iz dekatlona jeste da profitira fino u odnosu na prave cene al ' jbg svakom dobro .
od 'kinlija jedna maja jedna jaša i sad uzeo za 950 dinara pederušu neku dobra za bajs da turim novčanik ključeve fon sluške punjač stuffs .
let me explain myself better i was too laconic.sandalore has a mole mass of 210.36 gmol-1.500 μm of it means 0.10518 gr/litre .
since sandalore is insoluble in water they used dmso to dissolve it and transport it through the skin .
in this kind of experiment is safe to use from 0.1 to 0.5 of dmso .
the scientific paper used 0.1 so in every litre of the solution they used 0.10518 gr of sandalore 1.1gr of dmso 0.1 and 0.999 litres of water 99.9 .
but because of 1 litre will last for more than 1 year i halved it and to make the dmso easy to weight i considered 0.19 of dmso still safe to use since is far from 0.5 .
with this modifications the result will be 0.05259gr of sandalore 1gr of dmso 499.09 gr of water .
so the quantities are sandalore dmso 0.05259:1 gr but it 's not a real ratio because you do n't apply it based on how much dmso is used
but if you want a ratio the ratio is always 0.10518 gr of sandalore per litre so even if you want to change the dmso with another solvent or with another dmso percentage on your head 's skin receptor should arrive always 0.10518 gr of sandalore per litre of solution**.at this quantity in the experiment they achieved the best effectiveness .
sorry but i ca n't explain it better because of the language barrier .
you do n't see a whole lot of video game stories feature a romantic love build .
ffx was also the first thought that came to my mind .
the slow burn between the two in that game was done so amazingly well .
from painful introductions to the awkward tension breaking scenes like that laugh .
the scene in the forest lake the 'wedding ' and reactions to it it all just flows so well together .
i 'll def look into luteolin as an alternative for dim .
bulbine natalensis i probably wont mess with because of the side effects it can have on liver and kidney health .
and thank you i did some reading and found that some people were taking doses of 100 150mg of dhea so i assumed 50 was low .
if i drain half the capsule to make it around 25mg is that a more reasonable dose ?
this has been previously reported here on the silph road
yes i 'll do it on friday and any other day i can 😏😘
i just read some stuff online about this .. on some indian articles
i bet you this guy is also used to kicking people 's asses over making comments about his disadvantage .
honestly this are what v1 bolts look like there 's no such thing as they have thicker bolts .
i do n't get it why are you guys doing this ?
the only truth is that yeah i do n't think there 's many people out there who knows about this .
truth be told there is really no room for growth in ems/emt as much as people think there is everyone wants to get onto fire asap so the backdoor way in is through sadly emt promo to fire and fdny will probably never change this but then again they might lol if this promo goes away i am willing to bet a lot of the new and younger guys on ems are going to leave and ems will be down in numbers it 's truly sad emts max pay is 50k after 5 years ... how the fuck is anyone going to live in nyc with that much base pay even if you do ot emts have so much stress and mandatory ot that it 's no point to even do this job unless you want to feel back stabbed by your union
i 've never actually played a game with warriors of arnor are they interesting to play with ?
it 's not easy being green but you do it so well ... 😘
i just add a pound of frozen cranberries in secondary per gallon of cider .
make sure you mash them a bit or they wo n't work as well .
it will get pretty tart so i like to sweeten it a bit at the end with some xylitol .
cranberry cider is one of my favorites that i 've made .
i think it was a sudden realisation of what he had done or had n't done that caused him to say oh god i do n't blame you if you want to break up with me '' and i 'm not going to lie i thought about it .
he felt real remorse for the way he had been and explained that he will try and be a better boyfriend but it might take some time .
maybe i need to nudge him about that conversation ?
he has been busy at work so i understand his attention is else where
this is an r/facepalm considering he 's calling this quote ddoi when it 's a classic shakespeare quote
genes giving him a beefy appearance you are projecting your weakness so hard
other than bellinger 's diving catch the team had it 's chances to win and they blew it especially ian kinsler .
do n't want to go back to bad history especially the 86 series where the sox had a 2-0 to 0 lead and let the mets right back in it .
you 'll see what the team is made of tomorrow either 3-1 or 2-2 tomorrow .
ja vuoden välein itketään kun se kutsuu middlewarea joka on so last year
i am 4'11 and 125 pounds and i take seroquel 3 times a day for anxiety/panic attacks and i know not to touch people inappropriately ever !
you should go higher up the chain of command .
this sort of thing should be documented so that if he comes in again it will be known and hopefully he wo n't get the opportunity to do this sort of crap again !
i 'm beginning to come to this realization as well ... it 's not necessarily wrong timing '' but simply wrong person . ''
this was at the nevada test range so the yield is smaller .
the big thermonuclear bombs are the ones that vaporize everything for a mile they shot those off in the pacific proving grounds .
in a presidential vote i think they would be dreaming of 51 dreaming of 21 would be fairly stupid as it is not enough to win the presidency .
props to all the fans to staying for 18 innings i love all of you !
electricity has a hard time moving through the human body because of our high resistance factor so you can take a high energy shock with a high voltage and it wo n't do a lot of damage because it ca n't quite flow through your body .
amps are a measure of electrical current so if you have a large current flowing through your body the electricity is making it 's way through you into your muscles and potentially your heart .
that said it takes a very high voltage to cause an amp to go through your body .
it 's a bit like if someone dumped a litre of water on you vs spraying the litre of water through a pressure washer the volume is the same but the concentrated flow is what causes the damage .
the biggest motivation for the sox to win now is to do it for eovaldi .
a lot of questionable moves by cora in retrospect but no one could 've expected it to go 18 .
in the end this game is the prime example of the sunk cost fallacy .
if the series goes back to fenway look to this game .
it 's not the fact that i care it 's the fact those type of people do n't belong
maybe it 's the best place to buy crypto but the worst to withdraw it 🤔
the emf and microwave radiation could be harmful but no more than carrying it in your pocket with data packets and calls going in and out all day
s1 gets them first then s2-s8 and then s9-12 .
i expect s14 will be behind s9-12 as well .
basically for some of the friend campaigns level 75 you had to max out all 5 heroes involved in the friend campaign in order to complete it .
after that you have a chance to beat it as there was some amount of luck involved .
it was not uncommon to have to run a mission 40-50 times before beating it because there was sometimes a specific timing involved in how you use the skills .
i now have a level 80 p4 finnick with level 80 skills that i probably wo n't touch again .
yes but that 's the thing 1 stupidly powerful move makes a character good it 's safe and fast .
and the rest of his kit is n't horrible but is defo mediocre .
i could easily agree with the dodge bash gives him a light .
and i think all of glads lights should be 500 not bad but not amazing
i do n't know i just liked how that was worded .
you ca n't win if mookie and xander put up a terrible outing like they did tonight .
kinsler was an idiot but there was absolutely zero offense .
alright are you only looking for zera codes or do you want any other codes like rz ?
from a united vs liverpool ucl final to wolfsburg vs celtic .
you get it with the thermite elite and only if you equiped it .
banking on that for tomorrow at work start at 8
how far away in the game is this spoiler ?
definitely a lot of reasons to buy a ps4 .
if you can afford it shell out for a ps4 pro .
it 'll last longer with the constant growth in graphical requirements .
the regular ps4 is going to start to be outdated soon but a ps4 pro is definitely worth the money .
there 's so many good games many of them being exclusives as well .
only regret is that jd was taken out so early .
voluntarily taking out an mvp candidate from your lineup in a world series game stings a little .
taxes are generally collected locally then some or most of it is passed on .
this is why the kings bleeders '' are especially hated .
the local taxmen are people known to the peasantry .
could be the gold was collected from one of those nodes .
of course if you really wan na get fussy most of history the peasantry did n't have coin at all and would pay in grain which was then sold in larger cities .
but it 's a fantasy novel with a really confusing level of tech so let 's all relax and enjoy the ride .
it 's impossible to say anything that is n't self-contradicted in the text is inaccurate .
just imagine some reason it could be the way it is then assume that 's the case .
best example is n't it annoying how in star wars luke can hear the tie fighters when shooting from the falcon ?
unless you assume the gun pod used an auditory display to indicate the position of enemies without the need for a clunky heads up display .
now i can watch that scene and smile at what good design that is .
france french accent on a woman can be sexy but not always .
i think that ump said thank god '' when muncy hit it out ...
wow great game glad it 's over so i can sleep .
in the first comment i just wanted to understand your situation and in the second i meant the smell was annoying not your preferences .
some of my recent comments were heavily downvoted was i rude or did i get brigaded ?
i scared of relapsing because i do n't want to start from day 1 again .
i mean have you ever met a pothead that did n't smell like shit ?
muncy dropping dick mountain '' on the post game interview he knows it 's the late night programming hour .
my parents neglected me and did n't give me attention .
i got with someone who became that way and ignored my emotional needs .
a diagnosis is only useful if you intend to do something with it .
you can self diagnose all you want but then what do you do ?
tell others you are autistic and leave it at that ?
remember when someone would shame you in public by talking loudly and specifically about something you recently did wrong ?
please read the entire message before messaging the modteam .
because your account is new under 10 days old or your account has very low comment karma your submission has been removed .
this action is not directed at you personally r/cats requires all accounts to be at least 10 days old and have at least 25 comment karma in order to create new threads .
comment karma is not the same thing as link karma .
if you have less than 25 comment karma it is easy to get simply participate in a few discussions and you 'll have the amount you need in no time at all .
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcats and let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cats if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm watching her season for the first time rn .
i ca n't stand luke but i feel biased bc i know what a douche he is .
i ca n't stand james taylor right off the bat from the very beginning he gave me nice guy vibes .
i really think alex is super attractive physically but his little chihuahua attitude unnerves me .
and unpopular opinion but i think jordan is so fine .
and i also really liked how awkward and cute wells was but i 'm sooooo glad he 's with sarah highland now i feel that they really compliment each other so well .
would be more funny if fish actually started flying out 😂
a handicapped customer complained that our store was n't exactly up to par with exactly what he wanted .
by the end of a 20 minute phone call he racked up a list of demands '' of things he thinks we need to do and change to make his shopping experience potentially better .
he wanted chairs and a writing podium in the middle of the main drive aisle just in case someone needed one .
when i told him corporate would never allow something like that he demanded their phone number and our store number to complain that corporate needs to help out the little man '' .
here i thought this was 2018 apparently it 's 1899 wild west era general store yee haw .
i did this once except on purpose and went completely underwater .
it only lasted for like 2 seconds so it was n't that bad .
sure i wo n't do it again but it was n't nearly as bad as i had imagined .
i then proceeded to run 50 meters to a nearby sauna which was probably the worst part because of the wind chill d
i 've heard him wailing every time i pass by the gun store .
he 's never approached me directly because i use the same tactics with him as real homeless people give him a wide berth and do n't make eye contact
got ta say vicko is a real gentleman with the media gracious in defeat .
complimentary of bryce and brandt says he was n't convinced of the charge call but did n't make a fuss about it .
thanks for bringing it tonight melbourne always one of my favourite match ups .
all the best for cg as well man is a goddamned legend .
mind providing some info on how you scanned yourself using the kinect ?
interesting and weird thing about american politics is that women are more likely to be democrats for some reason .
it seems to me a non american like it 's something out of the ordinary when you see conservative women somewhere
that does n't give them the right to say anything !
i 'm not understanding your position if someone had it rough before they should be allowed to criticize and insult someone else ?
that excuse would n't fly with any of the mil 's here why is this one different ?
that being said fassbender and mckellan are tied for me .
i know its a scary word to the typical cryptoliberterian but regular people do n't have a problem with banks and would prefer to store their crypto with chase than under their mattress ... similar to how they handle their cash savings
we ca n't give the aac anymore tv time then what 's necessary
anybody have a video clip of the ref saying the wrong team ?
what better way to make your abhorrently sexist and violent culture seem less sexist and violent than accusing others of acting hysterically '' in response to the murder and dismemberment of a journalist ?
i 'm an avid reader but i do n't have any teaching experience .
i do however have a 3 year old who is reading on a 1st to 2nd grade level .
we started him on a youtube video as a 6 month old .
the video had a catchy song and bright colors and it showed the names of both upper and lower case letters and also their sounds .
he would only watch it in bits and pieces at first because we did n't expose him to too much video when he was little but he was watching the whole 5 minute video by the time he was 1 year and he was able to go through letter flash cards and name the letters and sounds by the time he was one and a half .
we gave him a few different videos on vowels and he got it .
we started him on putting simple words together as soon as he knew all the letters and sounds and he was devouring everything we gave him .
we looked up the 100 words '' for each grade level and gave him flash cards for them .
we gave him 10 words at a time and pronounced them for him and he would run off with them and play with the cards while he pronounced the words .
he would bring the cards back if he forgot a word but by the end of the day he knew the words .
during all of this we were reading kids books to him every night and pointing out words in the real world too .
exit signs stop signs store signs and everything else we could find and we explained what they meant so that he understood .
he 's starting to get the idea of this came first that came second and the other came last in the story .
that idea is less concrete than words and he 's only 3 so we 're taking it a little at a time .
so i believe that his learning encompassed a bit of all the different teaching styles you 're talking about and it 's working wonderfully with him .
however it could all be down to his intelligence because we had a psychologist tell us that his pattern recognition skills were off the charts for his age .
i claim no credit i just know it worked .
got into an argument with a fellow adult about this once it was actually one of the final straws for the friendship .
i argued that if if someone really followed that whole bracelet code same with soda tabs when i was a kid then that person really would n't have needed bracelets or soda can tabs to be sexually active .
she 'd been of the opinion that schools should ban those bracelets and that she wanted to make sure all parents took them away from their kids if they saw them because obviously if kids are going to have sex taking away bracelets will stop that entirely .
god damn it still irritates me thinking about it and i 'm very glad i no longer talk to that person .
the top cap needs to be retightened after use if you open it to increase the flow of detergent .
at least that 's what i 've found to stop the leak .
well what did you think of land of the dead ?
i absolutely did n't like that one that and the diary.. is that an indication of whether i 'd like the 2008 remake or not ?
i thought the 2004 remake of dawn was alright but the original dawn is my favorite in the series .
such a brilliant movie that influenced so many shows/games moving forward that i 've loved .
if he said our contacts or our acquaintances you 'd be saying he was either in cahoots with them or trying to distance himself from them .
i guess he could have said like the delegation from but that seems even more clunky than acquaintances .
lol didnt you say the car was good in q1 or 2 ?
it 's always not max 's fault when it does n't go his way .
your post or comment was removed because your account is brand new .
please try posting after your account is over 24 hours old .
this is a measure to counteract spam and trolls .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
nvda is overpriced as some fuck look at a 5 year chart and overlay bitcoins on that chart it 's only because of the bitcoin bubble and bitcoins have dropped 70 from their all time high while nvda is still hovering near its high it 's going down more the company is not worth 200 imo
if this is a one-off splurge and you do n't have any consumer debt it may hurt in the short-term but not have any material effect in the long run .
if you do this kind of stuff often or carry consumer debt regularly then it 's time to change course .
fwiw tv 's are one of those things where you can get awesome deals on craigslist .
the tech has evolved so rapidly that there are tons of lightly used ones for pennies on the dollar .
lutheranism advocates a doctrine of justification by grace alone through faith alone on the basis of scripture alone '' the doctrine that scripture is the final authority on all matters of faith .
this is in contrast to the belief of the catholic church defined at the council of trent concerning authority coming from both the scriptures and tradition .
3 in addition lutheranism accepts the teachings of the first seven ecumenical councils of the christian church .
it 's not going to rule them out entirely but it 'll sure protect them more than not at all .
i 'm speaking purely anecdotally here i have n't sourced this info from anywhere so i guess if you got ta know seek out studies !
its no good us recommending somewhere good if you live in peru and they do n't deliver there
just a heads up its like that with all of those minions the one in kings rest do the same thing
geez i do n't remember this game having bad framerate issues and somehow launching you into the air when you 're standing still .
i wonder what needs to happen for eugeo and the others to be able to remember kirito again permanently .
you wo n't really know how it 's going to work out until you start drawing .
sketch out some stuff for each of your ideas then show your sketches to friends and to see which ideas are reading for them .
it can be really helpful to see others ' responses to ideas you 're unsure about .
got ta get em on the page first though !
i want it for my law bro but fuck playing ranked with him .
i said throughout the post that all of them are very unlikely but it still helps to put out ideas to them that they can look at and potentially use in future titles .
if we never made wish lists for future titles and updates then they would n't know what we wanted .
i think this new albums tour will be the last amazing tool tour .
i think you 'll see energy and inspiration every night that has been missing over the last 8 or so years .
this new music will get maynard into a new costume and a new aura on stage .
your post to r/minecraftbuddies was automatically removed as the title did not contain a valid platform tag .
feel free to make a new post that includes one of the following tags in the title java bedrock ps4 .
bedrock includes the xbox one mobile windows 10 and nintendo switch versions of the game .
for more information visit this wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/minecraftbuddies/wiki/rules wiki_tags or contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraftbuddies if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission was automatically removed because it seems to be too short which usually points to low quality .
please take your time and write something everyone will love .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/transformationrp if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't even care for the plot bring on the slice of life ''
this episode is a prime example of why slice of life is my favorite genre with romance at a close second for pretty much the same reason .
when characters get their chance to shine they way they have in this episode it is more entertaining than anything else .
everyone in the friend group gets screen time and none of it is wasted .
kohaku is one of the most likeable characters i have seen in quite some time and i am yearning for more of her .
especially with how great of a foil she is to hitomi .
i also love how close everyone in the group is .
i already loved this anime but the latest episode improved the quality of the show even further and has set a really high bar for the coming episodes .
i can not wait to see what we will get in future episodes
i doubt isi would have the budget to start a f22 program
to be serious what reminds me of delly is his hustle and good motor and awareness but also the way he messes up sometimes .
i got the disc version of the game on the one x .
is there an extra download required for the 4k content or am i good to go when i install the game from the discs ?
as much as it pains to see he seems to be the odd guy out if nylander is signed long term hopefully lillypad and sandin can step up .
dr. is good in 3 player map but that 's it .
kids today have way more things to be excited for lol
ehh it can work but they dont do it right
what do airshareholders receive in the form of dividends ?
i 'm going to guess some freedom to pollute or the freedom to stop pollution near themselves
why would someone prioritize my nationshares over their own private property ?
because nation shares are partially owned by everyone legally in a nation and presumably are worth a great deal your nation shares price are interchangeable with thiers .
what is more liquid nationshares or land and why ?
nation shares land is fairly illiquid and you tend to talk about a person owning 10,000 nation shares and day trading them they must be tiny and interchangeable
speculation adds knowlegde to the market as well as removes risk form the company to offer it to whoever in the public is willing to play that risk is often but not always subdived until it 's effects are truly linear unlike an individual where the comparive advange of a dollar is distinctly not linear when we are talking about going all in and starting a business .
we would n't get that 40 million check each year in any other conference .
and i am sure they do recommend that heroes seek professional mental health support where necessary probably when the cameras are n't rolling .
karamo 's background is as a therapist and social worker so he at least has some experience identifying and providing initial support for mental illness .
but it probably would n't be ethical for this to be focused on within the show as there are higher privacy considerations around medical issues and histories .
use a fast killing but long animation execution like lawbringers impale or kenseis lose something and it 'll kill them super fast and they 'll knock you out of it for 10 damage decent trade off and keeps the enemy from respawning .
but at the end of the day this is a meme and is n't meant to be taken seriously or legitimately be considered as a tech for breach
you can try but it may well be whipped with nitrogen or something to get the texture right .
that is a really painful experience and for me that would be super invalidating .
sometimes people just do n't know what to say/how to react and so we get this stoic reaction that does more harm .
i remember after one of my suicide attempts i told my friend the next day and she just walked away without saying anything and we never talked about it again .
this has kept me from being able to open up to anyone for the 6 years since it happened .
please do n't let it affect you the way that it did me .
stochastic terrorism does n't concern itself with the chosen approach .
i 've done repairs on my 5s with the thing half disassembled battery out screen on music playing ...
if the charger is providing enough amps the device is fully capable of running off the charger and sending whatever 's leftover to the battery .
it is literally not possible to charge and use a battery at the same time without causing severe problems diodes exist for a reason .
if the charger is not providing enough amps such as when using an iphone charger on a big ipad pro it will either just not charge at all due to insufficient current or it will run off both charger and battery such as when using a crappy charger on a crappy android tablet like my sister has .
do n't speak for things you do n't actually have experience on when other people are already providing facts .
i have my daily minimum set to 30 xp but i 've averaged 90 xp per day since i started .
did we lose all of our other uniform parts in a fire or something ?
i was playing the game but i did n't play buck during that time .
i think in this case the police car had the most impact
by the way you use two asterisks to bold text .
unless you 're giving yourself multiple items you do n't need to specify the quantity .
the two numbers at the end may be causing the problem .
rushing through the game looks like it 's going to take 39 hours at minimum https image.ibb.co/izu68a/903-c3-a5-f-2900-4687-bd18-33306-ff5499-f.jpg
i stopped looking at their followers when hobi stopped with his edits and wtf ? ? ?
i 'm in no rush to finish this game as with all gta games .
never get bored of idling in a rockstar environment there is so much to absorb .
that said i 'm like this in real life skipping or rushing past situations means you fail to see the beauty in the minutiae .
de siger ikke hvor mange der har gennemført men der er forhåbentlig en sammenhæng mellem hvor mange der er begyndt på en lang videregående uddannelse lidt over 2 år efter afsluttet gymnasielle uddannelse også hvor mange der gennemfører .
halvdelen af alle stx'ere er igang med en lang videregående 2 år efter mod kun 13 af hf'erne .
det synes jeg er rigeligt til at sætte tvivl om den påstand johnjohn kom med .
han kan dog strengt taget i teorien stadig have ret det kræver så bare at rigtig mange stx'ere dropper ud samtidig med at rigtig mange hf'ere skifter til uni eller har taget mere end 2 års sabatår .
are they really using the name magabomber '' for him ?
if you do n't want a person 's actions tied to your community then you probably should opposed or at least not support a name that ties him to your community .
so you 're sure there were no meds you had taken that may have caused it ?
cause that could cause it also i 've seen .
my wife and i both have t. she has no idea how hers began either similar to your situation .
happened with me on fm18 usually depended on form and how hard they are training .
there is a performance bump from b-die on ryzen compared with intel but it 's only a few frames .
it does n't matter and not for 60 more .
well be the change you want to see and start posting your own opinions and discussion rather than talking from twitter of all places .
and i 'm going to need a citation on that stat
there are n't any ways to progress my career in the area .
i 've seen a few startups doing interesting things around the portershed but they offer less than i earn now .
beyond that the positions on offer are all java/c desktop dev where i have no experience at all .
i do n't know who wants it or who would want to spend the exp for it even if they did
love how this was sitting completely unnoticed on the nottingham police page only to be listened to by a few hundred saddos with nothing better to do ... . until the op decided to advertise it to the world .
it was about free speech being restricted and the judgement means that no one can be forced to make a creative piece of work that goes against their own beliefs .
yes i was taking 15mg risperidone and had no erection .
i love it when people try to make an argument with all these qualifiers .
if it was n't for the biggest thing they steal they would n't steal that much .
such a shame i 'm not cute when i gain weight
i do n't understand the sudden influx of chibi 2b and 9s but i am extremely okay with it
i almost never bike on the road or bike paths it 's not like it 's dangerous for anyone to bike on the path as long as you slow down when near people so you do n't accidently hit them .
yeah the plan was to be a minigunner for end game at level 50 and above .
level 35 is actually long before what i had planned .
melee and shotguns should take me to those levels i 'm sure .
i 've always banked my sick leave just in case i need something like that .
i left my job last month to be self employed dvd left 4 full weeks of sick leave behind .
in the movies the government used the purge to get rid of the homeless ect .
killing all the prisoners saves tons of money and gets a message out as well .
water goes level as the water is pulled towards the centre of mass of an object ie the earth .
but let 's back up a second here and pull apart the vocabulary a bit .
so when we say tech monopolies '' we 're talking about a set of oligarchies intentionally created by a decision in the 1980s to allow the patenting of software .
this was simultaneous with a re-shuffle of the courts which handled so-called intellectual property '' cases .
the cafc was a new court created in the early days of the reagan administration .
the rise of tech oligarchies is not some accidental error which somehow corrupted an otherwise legitimate course of development .
these oligarchs were created on purpose with specific political acts at known dates which are recorded .
using anti-trust law is one possible approach but i wonder how far it can actually go unless we address the underlying causes .
the patent and copyright systems are run amoc and putting lipstick on a pig by saying that dmca is okay now because in theory they will let you try to crack the encryption on your phone is not going to address the problem here .
we need to back up and consider how far we 've gotten from thomas jefferson 's famous metaphor that ideas are meant to be shared freely and that like a candle my idea does not become dimmer by sharing it with others .
jefferson said that if the patent system was ever used to create a system of oligarchs the us would become just like the european powers it had supposedly broken from in the 18th century .
the failure of the public domain in the united states would be the failure of the american experiment .
the cafc needs to be broken up and copyright needs to be slashed back to where it serves the public instead of pretending to be in control .
this is why we have no left party in the us .
the blue team is so deep in the pockets of the copyright and tech industries that there is an effective tyranny .
people do n't vote or seek out disruptive candidates because they see there is no hope .
we can choose to change it but we need to ask ourselves what is cosmetic and what is a concrete path to change .
i insist that we need to unwind the mistakes that brought us here and that it 's obvious when they were put into place and who those bad actors were .
her ex and i still have n't actually formally met .
i only ever talked to him over the phone and it was n't pleasant .
they send him money every week so he can buy food probably drugs in prison .
they have basically no money and they spend it on him .
no but when they do it in a high profile book just a few months before the movie ...
hypotheticals with a huge set of variables are not worth even acknowledging .
10/12gb in a phone is a goddamn stupid number and it 's just the latest 'arms race ' shtick unnecessarily high resolution screens being the last one .
i bought inglot duraline and it 's last so much longer .
it also works for those gel liners in a pot that dry out .
the number one spreader of extreme muslim ideology in the world is saudi arabia .
the number one supporter and protector of saudi arabia is the usa .
i think the gold is worth it on the tour unlock offers .
its gayyyyyyyyyyyyy 8=====d 0 https www.youtube.com/channel/ucfsqebr-ky7hy3g08fhmdba ? view\_as=subscriber https www.youtube.com/channel/ucfsqebr-ky7hy3g08fhmdba ? view_as=subscriber
i watched ‘88 game 1 when it happened this was better .
fuck it i 'd rather a damp tissue over emotions
no the ads were too annoying during reading it .
except with a decent team you can easily clear any current dungeon in under 7 minutes .
reality is just a guideline you decide what you really are .
people did n't give a shit about sneijder at the time inter had 3 or 4 better players alone
fuck that 's dedication they deserve my stuff if they pull that off
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
your content would belong better in the comments of another thread than in its own submission .
please check if there is an active megathread or another thread that may better suit your submission .
if you would like to further discuss this decision with the moderators please send us a message via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2freddeadredemption .
and do n't forget the most common cause of engine failture is overheating from a lack of coolant .
your engine ca n't lose coolant if it 's got no radiator .
i love their chemistry and thought this was a great project .
how much credit card debt did you rack up ?
i was pretty poor responsibly in my early 20 's when i was moving around different cities .
did n't pay student loans back for a while avoided paying parking tickets missed some credit card payments etc .
but i never did rack up too much cc debt mostly because of the fear of my moms crippling debt .
by my mid to late 20 's when i decided i needed to buy a car i did n't have the credit to do it but by about two years later i had raised my cred score to mid 750 's and now early 30 's i have around an 840 .
guess i 'm here to say if you take care of your shit it can be done fairly quickly .
people normally wait for him to fuck up before criticising seb he at least gets that curtesy on here
if it 's banned then a key likely wo n't work but if the game is unavailable for some other reason it would depend on what that reason was and how the sub/package was set up .
say a game was n't available as it had n't been priced for a given currency then a key probably would work .
so whilst in this case a game not bring available may well mean a key ca n't be used you ca n't apply that as a blanket statement to all keys .
what 's your point though america spying on their citizens is n't a conspiracy theory either lol
pyke was dead i 'd have gone all in if i had zhonyas and good follow up though
playing solo is the best way to experience the game so you wont really miss out on anything .
the context is n't the same as apu for basically every other example of a negative stereotype you can give .
not that it matters though the simpsons has sucked my sweaty hairy ballsack for over a decade now .
jam ... really having flashbacks with all these tiny irrelevant groups cooked up to cloak supporting nusra offensives with atgm .
i should chech if i have some videos of them i can reupload .
while the captcha system is a good step to stop bots is true these questions are kinda flawed the questions should been simple enough to be able to respond them regardless where you live but not too easy for a bot to decipher hard since it need to read images
does he tend to respect his church community more than his secular peers ?
i 'm just asking because i 'm my religious community there was some serious elitism .
people turned up their noses at the public schooled kids and told the homeschoolers that we were much smarter than our peers .
i really looked down on public school kids for a while and that definitely does n't make it easy to socialize with them .
minion is n't working for me for some reason it only shows empty window .
now if i could only stay away from the 1k vc spot 🤦‍♂️
that yellow manhattan since the 11th over looks so perfectly normally distributed .
that 's a kimber 7mm she won at the elk foundation last year great gun super lightweight and knocks down bulls in one shot
if it 's one of those luxurious deep pockets a small multitool .
if it 's one of those communist short pockets ... . who the fuck knows because my multitool or chapstick do n't fit !
not so much click-bait but definitely a person who is not nearly informed enough and thus arriving at conclusions that are not especially sound .
my statement still stands though i suppose i should temper it somewhat in that not all states have the same processes in place .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
askreddit does not allow use of the text box aside from a period .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
when you 've removed everything from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9rqwp0/what_do_you_think_people_in_2050_will_say_about and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if you are not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
have a question or think your post does n't break the rules ?
message the mods https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends or discuss it on leagueofmeta r/leagueofmeta .
if prices continue downward that wont be the case .
take it all off the table travel for a bit and re-enter later .
having no dent and taking the profit off the table is the smart move in my view .
cnn retracted one story about one trump aid 's ties to one russian firm .
so obviously that means that all the intelligence agencies in the us are wrong about everything trump/russia related .
offense is sloppy af today.. goddamn why did this cold performance have to happen in the world series
there are n't a crazy amount of kiwis here is my understanding .
do n't think there us a lot of interest in it unfortunately .
i think enemies generally have custom numbers that do n't correspond to player-side mechanics .
tbh the building could be a christmas tree to tie it in with the wind element .
there is no reason that a good and rational person would be conservative .
the plan is to booze as much as i can !
specially seeing stuff like '' moonlover '' '' affinity '' and several amon amarth albums the police mayhem and queensrÿche among other stuff
bm got a job and now she 's normalish .
i think she 's just too busy to care about us or plot against us anymore .
funny that you say this but stephen has been better so far this season
let 's swing at a ball that 's as high as my fucking face .
k thanks but mertens as suer sub do wonders for me ! !
i have golladay and i still believe he can get it done this week so i have him as my wr2 .
and i would go with edelman as well i do n't trust baldwin and macks injury worries me
mannnn i even asked if it was good lighting !
did not do the paint on the legs because she did n't always have it !
i did try to put it on but the color did n't match my body suit
give it a few hours or a day usually that is the first strikes especially if what you are saying you said is all you said .
if its longer than that id consider it abuse of power and potentially send in a support ticket for it idk how well it would turn out though
oh in that context correct but in this case we are talking access to the data directly for base games in legal or illegal manner
i hope we beat the red hot shooting bucks on monday
agreed but never actually been called out for it myself .
it 's him choosing not to join the party .
what 's wrong with eating pasta on the regular ?
it 's working for her goals and she 's enjoying her meals .
i mean ... this comic sort of implies that it was between ford and kavanaugh for the court position .
like somehow coming forward against him would be beneficial to her career .
what i 'm saying is it 's a crock of shit .
i could see him beating 1100 yards and 5 tds at least once .
my morning and evening commute is only about 20 minutes each way and that is nowhere near long enough to enjoy a podcast .
the pain sounds unimaginable but you 're strong enough to get through this .
try and spend lots of time with your mum you 've both shared this traumatic experience and can help support eachother through this .
it may take years but eventually things will be okay i promise you .
surround yourself with family and friends do not be alone .
honestly i defend everyone if i know someone is blatantly incorrect .
i just hit 35k with 1,344 sp and am also running a pet build to push .
i witnessed the same thing about 20 years ago in the far northeast .
late at night on academy road i saw an older style van hauling ass with the front tire missing .
sparks were flying up higher then the street lights .
if you are asking a question please copy and paste your submission to today 's daily q a https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+q 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day or resubmit a thorough and detailed question including your stats sex height weight age .
if you are posting an achievement sv/nsv please copy and paste your submission to today 's feats of the day https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3afeats+title 3aof+title 3ansv+title 3asv sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day thread .
if you are posting in regards to your day 1 please copy and paste your submission to today 's day 1 start your journey https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3aday+title 3a1+title 3astarting+title 3ajourney+title 3ahere sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
this app is not very known for younger people anyway .
hahahahaha i did see this but your reaction is great .
while on autopilot the car will automatically pass cars ahead of the tesla that are going slower than desired autopilot speed .
initially it will require driver to approve the passing maneuver once the tesla identifies it .
also means tesla autopilot now has autonomous features other cars ca n't do like cadillac super cruise https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_rxw68adldi for example ... .
why would they program and spend time making animal gore when you are n't even supposed to be killing animals ?
especially since there are little to no animals in the games .
go play a hunting game since you are so set on killing the wildlife lol .
even browsing old.reddit.com the aforementioned subreddits are overriding darkserene though the theme works as expected on all other subreddits i 've tested .
yeah that should n't be happening i suggest you post over at r/bugs as your issue does n't appear to be related to the redesign at all .
just wan na let you know there 's no fall off damage at all
i do n't see why he would n't do it all the time .
why risk his life when he could risk a suit from three kilometers away ?
honestly i did n't feel like we were gon na lose until after jrue made the 2 free throws and for some reason the pels did n't foul .
then when they threw it out of bounds i realized i was a fool to doubt the pelicans
looks like a lot of people are agreeing so i 'm safe for now p
your post will be removed without warning if it does not follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/airsoftmarket/comments/7wfkjj/official_rules_2918_important_changes .
to avoid dealing with banned or unqualified users do not deal with anyone unless they comment on your thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/airsoftmarket if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's kind of the point with transformation ultimates as far as i can tell .
forza horizon 4 would like to talk to you .
amazing game and i would put it at one of the best of the year .
honestly these complaints make me more likely to play now .
i 'm more interested in the full immersion experience so maybe not everyone views these as negatives .
is this correct if an espers gives 70 bonus atk then you add a st reflection boost is becomes 84 bonus atk ?
safety first if you do n't want to wear it do n't buy a bike
you think their lingering grab box or fishing in general is wack ?
i also just started nv after hundreds of hours in 4 and 3 .
i have to say i 'm entertained but i 'm not head over heels like some of you .
i actually think this is the most linear game with really no decisions as to course direction of the three so far .
i hear that changes in new vegas but i 've yet to see it .
that being said the writing and voice acting are better for sure .
playing on the xbone is a better experience than the 360 and helps with the sub par gunplay .
i honestly did n't expect too much from it but i have n't put it down in ten hours of gaming so that says something .
i know most do n't share my opinion but it 's mine nonetheless .
better idea have each light be a number so the fallen one is the floor you 're on
with the amount of posts about this stat it 's no longer quiet
because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable men into complete scoundrels .
if it 's anything like what i 've experienced it 's probably a combination of ancient body odour and urine mixed with too much cheap perfume in an attempt to cover the stench
she breathes a sigh of relief i am still here . ''
she gives matthew a slight smile herself glad to see you are alright though .
i never had any doubts about your safety . ''
there 's an old ocean winds 33 catamaran i think they 're all old at this point languishing in my local marina and every time i see it i have those dangerous project boat ideas . ''
my question is if a catamaran that old even feasible for such an undertaking ?
even if it was free i could easily see dropping 60k and three years to end up having a boat that 's worth 45k .
the boat itself is not visibly damaged and seems to have all the right pieces but there 's no main and the 2 headsails are pretty tattered .
i have n't seen the inside but it stands to reason that it 's in the same condition as the outside .
it just might be interesting to see what a community of superpowered humans ' stance on transcendental concepts is ... or how muggleborn christians react to learning there is magic .
if aliens ever visit earth this should be the first thing we show them
obviously you ca n't play attacking football by hiring managers who like to attack nope what we actually need is another £500mn of investment
nope but you can achieve it by mp def or mp spr
u/lyrgard how about an emp target and hybrid ehp after putting in enemy atk/mag and your mitigation buffs ?
skipping meals/eating less wo n't help you loose weight .
if loosing weight is your target understand the basics first .
your calories input should be less than your calories output .
calories input by your meal plan and foods you intake and calories output by exercising/workout .
also do n't make your self stay hungry prepare a meal plan and have adequate nutritional intake daily .
have a look at the following is 4 meal plan which i follow and it works for me to maintain my weight .
usually protein rich less fats and moderate/high carbs depending on your lifestyle/work .
if you workout or do some kind of exercise in the morning then split this breakfast into two .
one pre workout 1hr b4 breakfast and one post within 45min of breakfast
due to heavy breakfast you might not feel much need to eat in the lunch hours so have a moderate amount of lunch .
this is most important to have and also this needs to be healthy one avoid any junk food during this time .
a good snack would restrict you from eating heavy at dinner .
have a light dinner at night preferably with low carbs .
this will ensure you will wake up hungry in the morning and ready to start the day with a heavy breakfast .
this was a plan laid out for my lifestyle my goals you could take inferences from this or try this yourself .
again this could vary a lot form person to person .
also meet a dietician if you are desperate to loose weight .
if you are doing it wrong you me end up in a bad shape in the future .
i feel investing in your own body should be the most important investment one must make .
i do n't know how much people actually like them .
but i got them to make the spread look nice and like ye olde pub grub .
a historical incident '' maybe something to do with cameron 's coming out ?
although i hope not 😫 i had heard lewis and brooke were playing a game seeing how far they could go towards kissing each other then tomasz said something and lewis called him the f word but who knows ?
it should be on console the red crafting was in a patch prior to this current beta .
when i went to another church after leaving tscc i loved the music .
i used to be a playstation owner fan but now i game on a pc with a controller .
i like fighting and racing games and although i 'm tempted by a few exclusive console only games like forza pc does really well for releases now .
still shocked tekken and soul calibur vi came out on it .
some may question my right do destroy a world of ten billion souls but those who truly understand realise that i have no right to let them live .
no sacrifice is too great no treachery too small .
he 's a juice box hero got straws in his eyes
simply saying that phrase does n't give you a pass .
i get it you people love your buzzwords but they 're not enough .
you 're making things worse you 're not helping anything move forward — you 're actively pushing back .
so ... tell the class where this false equivalency '' comes into play .
bonus points for not relying on tired clichés and buzzwords .
did n't all actresses 'perform ' simulated orgasms back then ?
what on screen drama poses looks skyward closes eyes raises arm to cover eyes .
i read the disaster artist in a day or so .
it was n't necessarily the most absorbing book ever but it did answer a lot of questions i had about something i was very curious about .
i bet his tinder is roughly the same italian men can fuck .
i think one of the most important ways to accept this situation is standing up to your soon to be ex-husband .
he and you do n't want the same things and that 's okay .
it would have been nice if he had been more upfront about what he wanted right away but unfortunately not everbody has that kind of backbone .
i truly believe you will find happiness again but you need to step up and stop what he is doing with the kids .
if you do n't he will damage your relationship with your children and your selfesteem .
there are few things worse for the ego than being misjudged by the ones you love most .
if i were in your situation i 'd simply state i do not appreciate him telling half-truths to the children .
that he has no place convincing your children this is situation is caused by your actions or choices .
he lied he started a relationship with some one else while pretending to you to be monogamous .
he decided he wanted to change the conditions of the relationship without even having the courtesy of telling you immediately .
you have every right to refuse to be in an open relationship .
especially since he never meant to give you a choice .
i would also be clear that the next time the kids get one side of the story they will get the other side also .
i have been cheated on in a relationship that lasted only a few years and it took me a while to recover especially since he also decided to tell half-truths to the people i was close to and i waited too long to put a stop to it .
i ca n't imagine how difficult it is to go through something similar with a husband and the father of your children .
do not blame yourself for what he has done .
know that you were the loyal faithful and loving one .
this is the time to be the strong and consequential one .
if you do that you will be at peace when the dust has settled .
that 's what i can think of i know its not guitar but
it 's just a numbers game where you buy a mailing list of 1000 people for basically bread crumbs prices and go nuts
one of the reasons i like jojo is because while having stands it still seems realistic with some of the scientific/historic details araki puts in there .
also part 7 and 8 's art style is pretty realistic just look at those proportions .
there is a lot of archeological proof for jewish states before even christianity existed for example the last one that existed between 163 and 71
we use bumgenius aios and every wash cycle i get 1 or 2 that come out smelling musty .
can you make this comment a sticky so others can post their pinata psas here too maybe also edit them into your post ?
my psa if you get the sash keep your other pinatas until you have the broom completed .
if you get a sash while already having a sash in your inventory it will get deleted .
hello if you have questions please see amazon 's study hall daily questions megathread https www.reddit.com/r/azurelane/search ? q=amazon 27s+study+hall restrict_sr=on sort=new t=week .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/azurelane if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm watching this on a train and feeling like the rattle of the cars will make this thing topple over any second now
after i got three different lookers '' from modeling agencies talk to me it kind of hit me that i 'm pretty now .
i still do n't have great self esteem but it 's improving
i play on mac and i get 20 fps .
nah it 's ok as long as u got a pc
i do n't see where exactly could i5-6500 be a bottleneck .
it might not be top of the line any more but none of the games or software you mentioned should have any trouble running on it .
sure it would probably be an issue if you tried playing cpu heavy online games at high framerates but for those you mentioned the main strain lays on the gpu because of the 1440p ultrawide resolution .
the only thing that unquestionably requires an upgrade is the psu .
600w is enough but that model is not exactly that trusty maybe a tier above the no-name psu like devices that can easily burn your house down and i would think twice before i tried powering a gtx 1080 with it .
if you want to go ahead with the cpu upgrade you have two options
1. swapping 6500 for a used 6700k/7700/7700k from ebay or r/hardwareswap .
should n't be more than 200 shipped and you can make like half of that back by selling 6500 .
intel is pretty damn overpriced now but i would stick to that side anyway because that ram is gon na hold you back with ryzen quite a lot lower clocked ram is a serious bottleneck for amd these days while it makes much smaller difference for intel and replacing ram will bring the to the same cost as intel-based platform while intel will have better gaming performance
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/c2bwhh price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/c2bwhh/by_merchant
if you do n't feel you 're gon na need 8700k performance you can go down to 8600k but i assume this is more building for the future '' kind of thing anyway .
the mob of honduran illegals are not trying to invade the u.s. because they 're 'fleeing violence and poverty ' .
they 're coming here enrich themselves economically and take advantage of our generous system .
the democrat party leadership wants to give them welfare food stamps and free health care to get their vote .
i love the bit in there where someone goes 'so this person might be autistic then ? '
and then it basically turns into 'nah they 're just a male men be like that '
okay i just figured it would show dodge text and not miss .
also this is a sfw sub so fuck outta here with that shit
what person with half a brain actually believes this shit ?
thought that was the dark night back bling my bad
it has been said that given enough time ten thousand monkeys with typewriters would probably eventually replicate the collected works of william shakespeare .
sadly when you are let loose with a computer and internet access your work product does not necessarily compare favorably to the aforementioned monkeys with typewriters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
me 24 y/o from the philippines will be the winner
yea i think maybe i will start with maybe like yoghurt and see how he takes to it but i definitely wo n't be forcing it if he 's not interested
if you marry you 'll have weak children that shun all things decent and holy .
would be willing to sell the ps vita 64 memory card ?
yea amari is a great gu ... wait did you say a first round pick ? nick saban probably
i 'm assuming you would have no objection to at least implementing a price on carbon that matches china 's price on carbon right ?
yes you do but you can farm that from additional runs after your daily chests if you prefer .
most people are using daily chests on expert then switching to master .
he 's saying that for himself to make himself feel better .
if he cared about the friendship he 'd be the one reaching out to you .
try setting your directional control type '' to type 1 under the controls option menu if it 's not set to that already .
when you get the message hang up the phone .
the scientist does n't stare into the microscope all day .
he goes away and works on what he has learned . ''
is that how it works in the nfl too ?
um ok. not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
he 's an eminem rip off and eminem is trash now as well .
fuck man she could have shined a spot light on some underground artists .
i 've got a ton of gold shit just piles up .
those air pressure blasters sound awesome can be modded with a bigger lpa tank on your back or if you 're rich enough a full hpa setup
please for the love of god dont recommend mechs to someone new .
the wyches will do your real work but a kabalite leader a kabalite gunner with a dark lance and a comms guy next to him can really be useful .
you can ignore the 1 for range because of 1 from comms guy re-roll 1s for sniper and basically delete one model a turn almost guaranteed .
sometimes it 's useful to add a shredder too against swarms .
give her the agonizer and combat specialism and she 's getting four attacks wounding on 4 against everyone and has 4++/6 when in combat .
with good drugs you could be getting an extra attack which would mean all wyches getting 4 attacks and the hekatrix getting 5 getting 1 strength to help the other wyches make a lot more wound rolls and having some razorflails and hydra gauntlets really help too 1 toughness makes them a lot more durable adding 1 to ws can make them all hit on 2 's which they 're doing by the 3rd round anyway or 2nd with a tactic or a plus 2 to movement or leadership .
just keep in mind that they 're all one wound which makes them squishy but that 's the idea of the glass cannon drukhari .
i 'm kinda disappointed with the succubus from commanders .
she can only be equipped with the glaive and agonizer which means no shooting phase .
it would be alright he she got to fight with both weapons or something crazy to make her total abdication of guns worth it but she does n't get any bonus attacks .
she just gets to pick which weapon most effectively kills the opponent in melee and hope it works .
because this i 'm certainly going either archon or haemonculus for a commander .
he seems to have the best synergy with the team .
then it seems you disagree with op 's definition of objective since you say that even though it 's dependent on a person experiencing it it still has objective aspects to it ... the fact that it is dependent on a person experiencing it means that it is subjective it does n't exist without the person/being it did n't exist independently of the person .
i understand that you are saying it 's rooted in something physical but i 'm asking why we should think it 's anything beyond that ?
and how could we possibly make the leap to a system of right and wrong that exists independently of what anyone thinks from that ?
and i 'm not exactly saying morality is an emotion but i am saying it 's the same type of thing it does n't exist without beings around to think about/experience it at least we have no evidence that it does .
here 's another example is hunger an objective thing ?
no it 's a drive experienced by certain beings to intake food to sustain themselves .
it is a real experience we can call it a real thing but that does n't mean it 's objective and exists independently of any being experiencing it it clearly does n't there was no sense of hunger prior to life itself would you disagree ? .
and if you do think there is objective morality do you think it only applies to human beings do you think it applied to neanderthals and denisovans or to all animals ?
a crt screen or more recently an oled screen will not use energy to display black .
however most screens nowadays use a backlight and filter the unwanted colors only letting through what you are supposed to see .
for these types of screen only the brightness affects the power draw the proportion of black screen does n't matter .
unless the screen has local dimming where the backlight consists of a grid of areas where each area can be dimmed individually .
he 'll be the first one called up if i had to guess .
why do you keep making these post full of accusations against us that are completely false ?
because supras are usually mated with big turbos making big power creating a ridiculous torque band that suddenly jumps around 5k and peaks at redline .
the 2jz takes big boost easily and so they 're the go-to powerplant for big turbos for big power .
maybe he fit better with raf because he 's pretty level-headed across the board and not particularly congratulatory or supportive in the k c unless he feels the skater really needs it like with michal or marin .
i 've been to plenty of pubs with no whiskey and lots of beer marvellous places .
yeah this is canada though according to op and this shit is rare enough here that it would definitely make the news
why is zofia the only one who can withstand ?
just because you fail to exercise your right to vote does n't mean that you are n't represented .
with that logic the people who voted for the other candidate are n't represented .
roughly the same as spouse '' would have meant to our great-grandparents .
the partner is the person you spend a bunch of time with maybe have kids with probably invite as a 1 to events .
plenty of couples of all orientations share their lives this way .
it used to socially and sometimes legally require marriage to be partners but increasingly it no longer does .
i 'm also a season 1 player and i 've got news for you your stats are better than mine .
i do n't have any solo wins i ca n't see how i 'm ever going to get any and my kd is way below yours .
so be comforted that there 's always someone worse than you .
but you want to know how to get better and that does n't help you much .
i can tell you what 's made me feel a bit more confident practising in playground .
chopping down a ton of wood and just practising ramp rushes and 90° turns .
elementary stuff i know but the key thing is it 's helped my mentality .
i no longer feel i ca n't do this. my game still sucks but i feel i 'm learning how to do it better .
you said aspects of your building are pretty good so you do n't need to work on those things .
but sounds like there are elements which still leave you frozen .
someone on this sub posted one of the best pieces of advice i 've ever read do n't practise until you get it right practise until you ca n't get it wrong .
i 'm writing a lot of this for myself you realise .
ps i 'm also pc/uk if you ever want to squad up .
if you know you have someone in your life that uses a wheelchair maybe make sure your venue is accessible
just how old was kenny when he learned how to use pistols ?
around the same age levi was on the anime cours .
guns are not something they have n't seen before they are n't something hard to adapt to ... ironically blades are it takes rigorous training to properly use a blade it takes light training to fairly use a gun .
fake news this statistic cuts just before the real deliveries started .
in norway the i-pace ranks 4th behind the golf/leaf/i3 trifecta with 366 deliveries in october to date out of a total of 506 since it 's introduction .
he was also being fouled so it could have been called for a penalty .
maybe it 's just me but this seems like a weirdly specific reference for them to make
i 'm assuming your basing this on that footage of him not knowing who he was going to .
his agent had been in contacts with all teams and had put a price out there .
and it came down to the jets and vikes .
had the jags been serious there is a good janice chance he would be in jacksonville .
not the power draw not the data transfer speeds ?
i was about to make a post about this ... dam
it 's hilarious to me seeing the old generation of hockey figures break down at the inclusion of fun and personality in hockey .
so sad to watch footage from apollo 17 when the astronaut is saying how bright the future of spaceflight would be in the near future .
a lot of people were n't sold on the team at that point .
in this case the implied meaning is a heterosexual nuclear family .
he does manage to bring some soul into his music ocassionally .
his vibrato not to mention every other technique is superb but he 's just such a pompous asshat through and through .
earlier in my playing years i definitely scalloped a super strat to emulate him theres just better guitarists with far more range that play the same type of music .
i think you can just put extract in your pod .
cabin lights are not that bright unless the plane is on the ground either boarding or de-planing .
banana bank flashes with bottom path upgrades and auto collects after 2 rounds past when it hits 10,000 .
i think this is intended to make them useful when using banks
i have seen everyone saying it 's 1/2 on this subreddit lmao
running vault for a new friend just so he can experience the joy of vog
and this is how 90 of maxim/playboy magazines disappeared from under teenage boys matresses
i 'm waiting for him to die so i can go piss in his grave .
my bf does n't have fantasies but i have a ton
shane says that he hates politics and seems to live in a complete bubble .
he will never act as an advocate for anything other than problematic white youtubers .
curious as to how you are using these terms .
yeah i was shitting myself before my first game haha .
my 8-1 start took my by surprise and has put me in this great position just got ta finish it off now .
the fixture is some run of the mill dimmable ceiling fan/light combo .
well if you do n't want to get in trouble do n't send this to me because i 'm not even in the us
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
i thought i was clear that i was talking about the tiny mixtapes review .
i still think we have to stick with dave doeren but at some point the fucking defensive staff needs their heads readjusted .
i do n't see the point in employing those people anymore .
if there 's anything i 've learned in my very short trading time but never executed well was to not buy shares straight up before lunch .
she 's seemed a bit disingenuous this year more so lately .
minor nitpick if they produce a lot of light from their eyes would n't that make them bad at seeing normal wavelengths ?
or does that tie into the em thing them using their eyes to pick up non-standard em waves for vision ?
thanks a lot for posting i was trully perplexed bacause im new at gming and when i started reading the high level spells i stopped at wish and thought .
ok this seems not unbalanced but weird to say the least how would a character from a roleplaying point of view learn to manipulate the fabric of reality a sorceror sure i can get behind the reasoning but a bard or wizard must learn it '' then i kept reading but i again i got in another impass why if able should i twist the wording the pc knows what it wants there isnt another being wording the wish spell for him so he/she sgould get that what he wants '' of course there are limits i completely agree with that i said to them there are even limits to what they mortal beings can wish to .
love the idea of the true dweomer spell and im gon na ask permission to use .
my intention with this post was to integrate how high level spells are acquired since most spells seem to be stuff of legends and in a way i want my pc to feel they earned it .
thanks for your insight and nice reading of your post .
need to start 3 of these 5 12 team ppr
cooks v gb sanders kc tate v sea boyd v tb or jeffery jac in london .
i 'm sure these were delicious but i was wondering if these were homemade or from a restaurant ?
we have neither of the latter two genera of corals in the western atlantic .
the sun coral is an invasive exotic native tubastrea is orange .
loooove curry tikka masala tom kha pho quesadillas burritos bibimbap to name a few
thx yeah i would rather she have walked up to me just ask if i wanted to sleep with her much more subtle much more classy .
on a side note a blonde chick i knew in middle school similar body type my weakness flirted with me my last 2 years of junior high .
i loved the attention fantasized all the time of having sex with her gorgeous girl but one day she just up slapped me as hard as she could on my ass .
i was still am a shy virgin i had an instant panic attack could hardly breathe .
i could n't look her in the eye or hang out with her for a while after i was so mortified even tho i still wanted to have sex with her .
realized later she was hoping i 'd return the favor .
natalie will most definitely be asked back for hvv2 .
as for everyone else i think jeremy will be remembered negatively .
he 's probably one of the least respected players in recent memory .
i do n't think the others will be particularly remembered or asked back .
have one do n't use it at the gym .
i set my phone down play on it between sets use it to track gains .
it 's good for running that 's about it .
i pray for channel orange but i really doubt it
it 's not really censorship though because they 're still allowing them to talk .
the serfs were still allowed to talk would you consider them free to express themselves ?
take your pick of any underclass in history or fiction and you will find that their ability to communicate ideas and express themselves is being suppressed is that not the textbook definition of what censorship is ?
the point that i was making and the point you seem to have missed is that there 's a reason gab has such an extreme echo chamber .
it 's because these are people who have been pushed out of the general conversation and because there is n't any normal stuff happening in the background all they see on their social media experience are people who are as bitter about that as they are plus a bunch of libertarians and some evangelical christians .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's no better soundtrack to an acid trip than the beatles .
not pink floyd not shpongle not tame impala or the greatful dead .
we are the supplier of edible socks it sinks a little but 100 organic .
little know is how destructive the german occupation of greece during ww2 which resulted from italy 's failure .
i 'm glad there 's someone else that feels the same .
for my full squad than having to buy zagstruk just to get it ... he is cool but kinda of points intense for his impact on field and the majority of this was the effect of dsing the stormies
we broke him so much he had to go to special teams
my body is really comfortable like that 80 futon i slept on for 5 years because i was too lazy to commit to a bed
let it flow is the best song ever change my mind
his options are to pick a more suitable profession .
one where he does n't have to make clearly obvious ethical choices because he 's demonstrated incompetence at that .
how many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man
i see what you mean altough i think it 's more rekkles than all of fnc that 's why i was rooting more for g2 than fnc
teaching them why their behavior is wrong should be significantly more effective than go sit in that classroom for 30 minutes after the final bell rings . ''
unless they are emotionally disturbed or just plain hate you because they are 15 their home life is broken and you represent the same broken authority they have at home in their minds .
ever had students throw desks at you and tell you to fuck off for asking them to do an assignment ?
i tried for years to do as you say w no change .
unless you 've taught do n't assume anything it 's not as easy as thanks for trying to be good here 's why violence and assault are bad . ''
i 'll just line up my point blank shotgun blast aaaaaand ooh shiny ! ''
gaming performance in pretty much every game hits a wall once you get towards the top end of the sata ssds 860 evo/pro/mx500/etc .
for every day use i think the next step up from those are optane drives which just are n't affordable for most people .
but yeah have n't seen him used today yet which is unfortunate .
what her father did to your family that was unspeakable !
my body is n't attractive to me but i do n't have the world 's worst dick if i say so myself
i 'll invade that too once i 'm done with this universe .
i 'm gon na need a combined gif that gives us a made up ending to this .
but the slideshow part that 's accurate on the lg g6 as well .
since i was the best at the subject german i was coordinating everything .
they sent me their part in the evening had to stay awake until 1/2am could n't learn things for presentation but had to speak anyway because they obviously did n't learn their part .
also another group did also our part even if they should n't have done that to you know show how good they were blabla .
the stress of knowing you could be fired on a whim at any moment is not something i could deal with .
he had nothing to do with the first goal ... . nacho left alba on the wing and casimero was supposed to be marking coutinho tf should marcelo do ?
did you forget what he 's done to the club and that he 's still currently the best defender in the world ?
they 'll just vote for a high profit pool .
there is no reason for changing it since they have to keep their node up or they lose a lot of roi and get inflated out of the top 51 .
as a child i never fully understood how much of the fun extras must have been paid for out of my teacher 's pocket .
nothing insanely extravagant just little things ... but all those little things '' add up .
your submission was automatically removed because sexychatfree.com is not an approved site .
please message the moderators if you think you 've received this message in error .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
you have been given one point for this answer .
says the guy going around posting in r/nevada r/minnesota etc .
at least make an alt for each state if you 're gon na go shill .
it 's like you think we are all morons .
i 've only followed this leak in passing but i ca n't be confident in it based on what i 've seen .
i 'd like to be convinced of course but a lot of the original evidence i saw seemed to rely on shaky assumptions
if that were at all accurate then why do n't you just make your 25 worth of product and sell it for 50 ?
seek help from a therapist and work on fixing yourself first then if possible fix your relationship with your family .
4 looks like some silicon life from blame ! i dig this weirdness .
cheating getting drunk irresponsibly every day violence being financially ruinous ... plenty of reasons to kick either spouse out of bed .
it 's not the first time she is seeing something she did n't want to see .
he made the decision to draw water from the flynt river because it was cheaper than continuing to draw from detroit water and sewage .
of course they made this decision way before their pipeline project from lake huron was scheduled to be completed ... dumbass
his decision piggybacked on problems created by democratic governor jennifer granholm 's budget cuts to the michigan department of environmental quality .
those cuts have shown to have a significant impact on flynt 's water program .
it was snyder 's end run around state elected officials by appointing two emergency managers who answered to him and not the people .
they ignored warnings by the epa that their decisions were putting flynt residents at risk .
you still get the rewards by playing the game .
what the fuck is that commentary on the first goal
interesting but i do n't think this mechanic encourages new strategies it just creates more draw rng .
under the new rules you do n't need to survive the ground .
that said i do n't think he ever had possession .
un fucking real how the rules '' always manage to fuck us
i honestly do n't think this guy knows what he 's doing .
he has no idea how to use his personnel .
yeldon only ran the ball twice and hyde hardly got anything but i do n't think that 's hyde 's fault .
they gave up a 5th round pick because they panicked and they have no idea how to use him .
i do n't know why or how to explain but every time i see someone i do n't start with 0 negative 0 positive i start with 1 negative for some reason
if the person is nice or just does n't bother me somehow it 's one positive but sometimes just a look gives me the feeling of s/he deserves 2 negatives and minus positive.
and it 's nice i have trust issues and sometimes really negative for no reason and it 's keeping me from getting hurt most of the time
this is incorrect it works like i said it works .
u do n't own reddit nor do u own this forum .
i do n't take shit that i do n't have to .
it 's ur confession page but i did n't say to u. i was actually quite respectful towards you shared some knowledge that i thought might help and backed off .
you are the one replying to a post from what 2 weeks ago ... ?
that guy will live probably a nice happy misgynostic life but it looks like u do n't have a life of your own .
i do n't have any interest in engaging with someone like u .
your dad knew all too well that you were already feeling as bad as he was .
the epitome of free likes for hot chick on neckbeard media
tip 1 do n't fucking wear those douchey ass no sleeve sweaters
the breeder has more floor space to offer your baby especially if you plan on picking up a syrian .
my experience is both petco pet supplies plus and petsmart all lower it to around 49-50 during their dollar per gallon sale where the larger tanks are 50 off .
they do n't add the regular 40 gallon into this sale at all from what i 've seen for any of them .
to double check sales you can check your local flier on their website .
there 's a button to enter your zip code and it 'll show you any that are available .
it 's like a upload of their newspaper flier and you may need to zoom in to see the small print .
most of the time if they have a sale on the east they 'll have it on the west too .
how you handle the death of your hamster is entirely up to you .
there is no wrong or right way to grieve .
some people buy a new pet almost immediately some people do that but buy a new home and let the other one sit empty .
some people need days weeks months years before they are willing to buy another .
some babies do n't meet the 1 year mark .
some blast past the 2 year mark and make it all the way until they 're six years old it really depends on the hamster .
i personally do n't do well with losing pets i get upset still thinking about the baby i lost in august i had been looking forward to for months and i have the occasional worry i 'll wake up and one of my birds or my babies will be dead in their home or end up getting sick with something .
but i 'm usually okay after a few days in the sense i 'm not bawling my eyes out or having the sniffles .
i tend to buy new pets pretty soon after as usually i 'll go to the pet store to get something and come across somebody i fall in love with on the spot .
they 'll do something in their little tank that is just too adorable for me to pass up on .
i know there 's some people out there who get upset or dislike people going out and buying a new pet within x amount of time of the first one dying .
but i like to think of it this way as you 're not replacing the old baby with the new .
they 've got their own personalities and quirks and what they like and dislike and how they choose to greet you in the morning or when you stick your hand into their house to say hello .
there 's more to a hamster than just a common coat color or general shape of their eyes or how fat they are .
he 's mostly right it was also a move by the federalists to ensure mob rule never occurred and more reasonable '' representatives could ensure a more organized and less biased vote
if you think that 's stress or know anything about performance degradation you 'd know thats nothing .
most people are running shitty cases with bad cooling and hit 60-70c on their components all day .
tell your boss it 'd cost extra to train all your employees to use the mess that is macos
i had a pregnancy almost exactly a year ago with similar issues hcg levels not doubling being monitored for ectopic ultrasound not showing the level of development expected for number of weeks i should be .
in the end it turned out to not be an ectopic pregnancy but rather a blighted ovum so still not a viable pregnancy and it was a very stressful time .
we have gotten a lot of looks before and i can easily shrug those off but for some reason this just really got to me .
thank you for your sacrifices because god they are .
maybe it 's because a year ago this time i was a couple weeks into his deployment and honestly i 've been having a lot of flashbacks of being so worried and scared and lonely .
for men in sweden be sure to inform försäkringskassan government insurance office you are having a child and there wo n't be complications for your 3 month paid 80 paternal leave to help raise the child reduce stress on the mother reduce the risk of infant mortality reduce stress on the healthcare system increase bonding time for the baby and general happiness well-being and strength of the entire family unit .
no worries should have made it clearer i was referring to rdr
i want you to know that i value your friendship .
but because i care about you i want to be candidly honest .
personally i have a hard time supporting companies like because i feel that they are predatory and unfair .
while i support and love you i do n't plan to but any products . ''
this is why the nba is so beautiful there are so many cultures in this league from players to fans !
more like because you did n't took me out for dinner at first
it 's both the mandarin oranges haphazardly thrown on top and the erratic cutting there is a lot going on what is happening what kind of celebration is this
lmao he 's entitled to any dog he wants .
no matter how unethical you think it is he has money and is able to spend it however he sees fit .
if he is willing to pay more for a dog that he specifically wants instead of some mutt '' because he is willing to pay he can .
especially if it is raised by a licensed breeder .
how can you walk around imposing your personal beliefs on everyone you meet especially when a lot of the surplus '' breeds are generally more violent ?
for him to be considered to get one he has to admit he wants one .
so far he has n't otherwise he 'd have one already .
hehe maybe i thought it would be cool to show that it actually worked also 1 u/kinnytips
so i 'm really big on both players drafted em both in fantasy but honestly i think we need to wait more games to say .
tomorrow definitely ayton but just some things to consider .
1 doncic should be a pretty good free throw shooter but has been pretty meh so far .
if he goes back up to his euro league rates he should get an extra 1-1.5 ppg just from that .
2 guards typically take a bit more time to integrate than bigs .
even donovan mitchell last year was putting up pretty garbage stats until like 1/4 way into the season .
your role as a play making guard depends a lot on the players on your team but your role as a big is going to be pretty similar on most teams .
3 counterpoint if the suns had a decent point ayton could seriously have multiple 30 pt games right now .
it is honestly a tragedy that a rookie who should be getting extra attempts for development that has steph curry level ts has such a ridiculously low usage rate .
if the suns realize they can win games by getting ayton the ball he could feasibly become a 25-30ppg rookie which i do n't think doncic could reasonably match .
there are uncountably many real numbers in the range 0 a 1 so i do n't think it makes sense to talk about such a sum .
infinite series usually have a countably infinite number of nonzero terms .
with that said such a sum would include the numbers 1/2 1/3 1/4 ... 1/n ... .
this is the harmonic series with the first term omitted which diverges .
this suggests to me that even if there was a way to rigourously handle your series it would also diverge .
keep going strong and be a better man in the memory of her .
i think she 'd want you to be happy 😊 .
not in a party mood with matthews probably missing the next 20 games
if i ever fucked up like that i 'd want people to tell me ...
so that i could explain to them that it was a mistake !
i got this for £4 on switch i 'd be annoyed at anything more .
i have the sudden realization that ffxiv gives basically the same race choice as the alliance .
i got it for 40 because it had a blown right channel .
took me about 20 mins of cleaning and it works perfect !
i know you say you do n't have the room to move the speakers but might i suggest investing in some stools ?
for long listening sessions you could move the speakers to the stools and place them accordingly .
when not in use you 'd have some nice stools .
i mean did people just slap good units and 1/10 times launch a super attack ?
i want to have a more or less stress-less time when i play the wizard and pyromancer 's overheat removal on active skill gives me that .
as for fireball staff well i like it i guess but i 'm open for suggestions .
i could play firebolt too do n't feel like using beamstaff again .
what would happen if you went into cinematic mode like this ?
i believe everything happens for a reason so do n't worry !
same issue here and the funny thing is that whenever it crashes i get a google keeps has stopped '' pop-up ! ?
me living in the year 2525 my car clock is linked to the gps and changes automatically too .
would it be possible for you to give the information on the metal tag on the fan like maker model ect ... ?
i 'm usually pretty tough but times like this i wish i have someone to cuddle with .
i hope your neck is okay though and that its nothing serious !
just the tunnel layout and still some nice peeking spots make it a very hard map to understand .
tether and bitfinex are responsible for redeeming usdt for 1 which determines the kraken pair ...
on the roads its good to always assume anything bigger than you has the right of way .
i dont know the samples doom used but the beat is from deep fried frenz
no offense bro but you might want to lower your sens shots were all over the place
the only time i felt something from phenibut was from 3 gram doses which effects also lasted like 12 hours lol
brock is one of the best if not the best seller in wwe atm
i knew it was bad but these numbers make it absolutely inexcusable .
unavailable '' in the most important inning of the whole year ... for fuck 's sake dave
how about the time he refused to condemn a nazi rally in charlottseville adding there were very fine people on both sides . ''
as an atheist i was sickened i can not imagine how a jewish person mustve felt after that .
https www.politico.com/story/2017/08/15/full-text-trump-comments-white-supremacists-alt-left-transcript-241662 the press conference that very fine people '' came from had a second condemnation in it .
as i said on remember this saturday we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred bigotry and violence .
it would be good to get a cadence sensor to help you maintain rhythm and to keep you rpms up and not bog down and revert to pedal mashing ...
top bad she was too preoccupied with being a bitch !
it 's super cheesy but i love federico 's supper club on commercial drive .
everybody gets up dances the food is solid fabulous service if you have a big group i 'm sure you guys would have a blast .
everyone assumes because he is short he can only get the ball 15 times a game .
you can get away with that in college smaller less-talented all-around players he will die if they give him a full workload in the nfl .
sure maybe a truck '' compared to other guys but on an nfl field he is a small dude .
you 'd be hard-pressed to find another player on the field smaller .
technically i 'm the guarantor and it 's my name on the lease .
we all split it and i 'm not sure how it works i 'm going to the leasing office tomorrow to see what action i can take
you 'll actually have to kill morgeth then you can go to the chest
we have recently changed rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/natureisfuckinglit/about/rules of the subreddit requiring the fire emoji in titles .
every post 's title must now begin with the fire emoji and a space rather than using it anywhere in the title like before .
remember to add the space after the emoji so the first word of your title can be searched .
you can still pepper your titles with the fire emoji anywhere of course but they must start with one as well .
this rule was changed because many titles recently have been some form of
if this describes your post 's title at all consider distinguishing it by describing the content more in-depth and adding the species ' name .
if it does n't no worries this bot can not tell either way .
x1f525 softshell turtle shoots away under the water '' https i.imgur.com/burzd5i.gifv
x1f525 white-toothed shrews hold on to their mom to make a shrew-man centipede x1f42d '' https i.imgur.com/pyfyha2.gifv
x1f525 kharai camels crossing the sea x1f30a x1f525 x1f525 x1f525 '' https gfycat.com/honestdemandingbluemorphobutterfly
your post title should not say the content is 'lit ' or ' x1f525 ' of course it is .
get creative with your title if your post is truly lit it deserves the effort .
feel free to repost your link though reddit gives a default warning about duplicate links so here 's a quick way past that .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/natureisfuckinglit if you have any questions or concerns .
if you are browsing reddit all day you should take a break .
the stuff here can be negative but it serves a useful purpose of discussing topics that the mainstream feels uncomfortable talking about .
edit why did i get down voted for asking a question i genuinely was looking for an answer to ?
your family is freaking out and you are freaking out and you should all be freaking out together .
because you were raped not you went and fucked some dude and are gay and if you are there 's nothing wrong with it !
so why is your family freaking out against you ?
it does n't make any sense why you are n't freaking out together .
you need to get a lawyer for the hipaa violation duh .
the doctor should not have told anyone else but you about your confidential medical info there is a law about this .
so yes go to your family and tell them that you are not gay but really why would that be a bad thing if you are .
seriously why did n't they know the minute you were freed ?
you were employed by them too so it 's not like they are obvious hate-slinging people out to get you .
you and your family are freaking out but why you 're not doing it together is beyond me !
i 'm really interested in how you play then .
this is pretty unexpected since this a much worse record than most very new players usually have .
there has to be some huge flaw in your gameplay that holds you back like that and would probably be easy to fix once you know what it is .
you could record some matches and have someone watch them and tell you some obvious stuff you 're doing wrong .
i 'm sure you 'd improve a lot by just fixing certain small issues that you 're not aware of .
but you keep telling yourself otherwise if that makes you feel better .
i still think grills drake looks a little goofy .
i actually forget about this so i could see it being the case .
hopefully it works out sounded like a good opportunity for someone like me
i have stopped at at least 3 hotels in china that have .
why 's the crowd getting loud when jones busts out a big run ?
haha beat the shot out of protesters haha ban all muslims haha stop and frisk nation wide ''
see both sides ate hateful libs literally just as bad ''
how is it evil to ask for money to be out of politicians pockets that can change their policy decisions ?
how much more is it gon na take to move on from hue ?
cause i literally do not see any upside to keeping him at this point
it strokes the shampoo bottle up it 's butt at a medium pace .
just because she is a lying manipulative person does n't mean everything she says is a lie .
i do believe that she lied about that she was no longer part of the cult and left because she did n't agree with them .
however why would she lie about starting the cult ?
to me that just seems like a continuation error by the writers .
i 've been using rh-based linux distros for a couple of decades now .
very strange to realize that this is the end of that personal era .
this requires your hulk to be relatively high level compared to your carol .
if your hulk is n't going to tank green alternatives like xfdp red hulk or even 3 deadpool can work .
anyone who will create cds when they or an ally take the big hits from the strike tiles .
a 10 pair of wired earbuds sounds way worse better a than 50 bluetooth earbuds .
the biggest factor is the quality of the drivers in the earbuds and second to that is the quality of the dac-amp ... not the codec you 're listening to .
i thought they looked just like ais what makes em budget ?
the article is positive the comments are negative and this is the first time blackpink has gotten any kind of flak/hate from japan j-blinks have been saying it is because of this bts issue the anti-kpop sentiment just got harsher and all kpop groups are receiving terrible comments .
basically it is the direct result of this scandal that groups like bp are getting hate when they have never before .
our midterm is super easy and i just hope i do n't mess up on simple calculations
not into music at all but i have friends that do it .
the thing is that if youre in bienen and want another major you have to dual major which is different from double majoring .
in dual major you have to take all of the prereqs electives etc from both schools bienen and weinberg for example .
this means that you will be incredibly overloaded with work and will have to take 5-7 credits every quarter you are not even allowed more than 5.99 unless youre dual majoring .
its very hard and demanding but i can imagine that its also very rewarding .
idiot you cited terrorists while supporting a terrorist wonderland against israel .
this mp4 version is 94.66 smaller than the gif 109.21 kb vs 2 mb .
your submission was automatically removed because giphy.com is not an approved site .
if you feel this was done in error feel free to send a message to the moderators .
you can message us at this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmassivecock
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
when a person is wronged rightly or perceived against an organization do they have the right to attack the individual people who help that organization exist ?
you can be angry upset riddled with rage ... but to act on it in a way that violates boundaries of people who literally have zero clue about you or your complaint is wrong .
why would anyone attack a kingdom hall filled with normal regular jehovah 's witnesses for something the governing body does ?
there is literally not a single reason to do so .
why would anyone attack a worker at chick-fil-a for the ceo 's homophobic stances ?
there is literally not a single reason to do so .
activism is a form of humanitarianism and it takes intelligence to understand boundaries acceptable behavior and effective and efficient effort .
kingdom hall crashers make one person happy no one else .
it 's the protest equivalent to jerking off in public ... not something we link with higher intelligence .
if you do n't get it then activism is right for you .
there is a country by the name of russia that would love to recruit you .
they love people who can justifying minor terrorist acts .
that is the country for you but not here in america .
damn only a couple minutes in and already vikings fans complaining about packers and the refs .
glad i got to miss the first two minutes for the bucs bengals that was n't even the local game here
i must be an exception because at 7 i 'd never do something so stupid.. maybe at 5 .
but the post is most likely fake so it does n't matter .
just discovered insta-cart here in florida just order from your phone and they deliver to your house
personally i 'd go watch pyrocynical 's old gaming videos namely the re7 and hitman stuff .
that 's in part because we the people ca n't do shit .
state governments are fighting it in court right now and the doj is suing california over their proposed nn law .
the o-line and defense backs played out of their minds but this team has underperformed all year .
the big difference and this is a polarizing topic for osu fans is that we got a lot more out of the qb than we have for the last month .
tylan having a breakout game covered up a lot of corneliuses flaws but credit him where it 's due there was nothing to suggest he could play that well based on the last three games .
buy several for the same person to show how much you care .
i used to do a lot of volunteering for karm the knoxville street mission before i moved back here .
you really want to open your eyes to how bad things really are in this first world country go help the homeless and the poor folks in appalachia .
my family is all from harlan and bell county .
i grew up around poor folks in the hollers .
my dad got a job here when i was a kid and got us out .
i 'll check them out and see if i ca n't volunteer and help out .
depending how fast you were going she may well have lied down to recoup my brother ran into one on a 50cc bike it knocked him off and went on it 's merry way a little dazed just learn from it you went and sat with her that 's kind .
i just use it sometimes when i cant sleep .
which is like 2 times out of the week .
i do n't know whether these double play balls were from before or after the rule change but a couple of those slides look exactly like what you 'd want your runner doing sliding into second base prior to that rule change .
then the next clip was unquestionably bullshit bully behavior haha so i am not sure what i am defending here but there 's one clip you can see the guy throwing from 2nd is standing directly in front of the bag where as the runner you 'd have to try not to hit him .
some of these could be cut from the montage imo .
look at what he did last night no excuse for that .
to compare it to a slide trying to prevent the double play is just silly though i agree a dangerous slide a few of these in the montage were legal at one point .
that 's a dumb reason to pass up seeing metallica and avenged sevenfold .
we all assume risks when we choose to have sex .
no one gets to assume that risk for you only you can decide who you want to bang .
i know it is not the law and i think it should be .
sounds like a misguided and disastrous law to me .
as i said earlier there are billions in back child support outstanding throughout the country .
i do n't see any reason to dump those payments on the rest of us either now or in the future .
yo whaddup its ya boi jack 7522 and i play astroneer and cities skylines but i have the windows edition of astroneer instead of steam so i ca n't play with the steam ppl
they shall allow it acceptance via any reasonable route so windsor works fine
level 14 ingress player started around ingress launch played with a lot of breaks .
level 34 pogo player started at launch took 2 years off after playing for 3 months recently returned to pogo .
rulesets for portals and pokestops are the same yes .
i will review a submission on the same criteria either way and quality portal is quality pokestop .
but then i would be hard-pressed to change my view a bit .
at this moment i am reluctant to accept something like a graffiti even if unique and well made if the area is contested with portals/pokestops .
that very well may be my opinion but i know a bunch of ingress players share the view .
a lot of portals ir good but too many portals in a small area only make the game harder if there are not enough players in the area for example .
also creating fields becomes a bit more complicated with too many crap-portals .
it 's not always the case because areas where you can farm resources in a short span of time also are very good .
now i do n't think pogo pokestops should have the same ruleset .
i would even say that pogo players should be able to suggest an either pokestop or gym location .
i see a lot of places in real life that would make for a perfect gym spot e.g .
park with benches in a circle but would not qualify for a portal or pokestop .
then i also see zero downside to having as many pokestops as possible .
contrary to portal submissions if pokestops would be seperate from portals i would actually be hardpressed not to accept anything that is not a duplicate .
which also is kinda bad as it would result in a bunch of low quality pokestops .
and i 'm pretty sure that everyone and their dog will be trying to submit something stupid as a pokestop just to have at least at their home and where they work .
i 'm not sure how niantic will solve this .
personally i would attempt to create rating system for pokestops where everyone can rate a pokestop or gym they interact with .e.g .
give it 1 to 5 stars based on how good and useful that pokestop is .
elite defense and ap looking like a spring chicken .
it is n't pretty at all 180 passing yards three games in a row but it 's getting the job done so far .
the slowest motherfuckers on earth be those white girls in the hall that wear birkenstock 's and play volleyball .
they get in a kick line and then they just move at a pace equal to a slug
let 's find out how many rounds u can go !
does n't matter since corporate contributions to the linux kernel are north of 86 leaving only something like 10-15 being from non-corporate entities .
the bars are the same absolutely thick with smoke .
i can easily get through a bottle of fabric freshener in a week .
if he throws just one less interception buccs probably win .
i thought hurricane florence hit the carolinas not my retinas
now we have videos about trips to the mall .
? thanks for sharing now i can just stay home .
but if your overall argument is it 's hard for new players to get up to the level trainer level resources and stable of mons of long-established players '' ... that 's not exactly news is it ?
apologies for no ta all the ta that could be posted has at this point been posted .
going through your post history i see it was n't you who posted 'all the ta '
granted i do n't post any ta but i 'm not larping as a professional trader either .
yeah my name means rosemary and even though it is n't a flower i absolutely love rosemaries and not even because of the name i 've always love the bouquet fillings more than the flowers themselves .
how do people keep getting fooled by ryan fitzpatrick most of all how do people not understand qb'ing well enough to see that dak is much better than any of these qb names being thrown out ?
i play for two hours and the last 45 minutes i get worse and mixed up but i push through .
then when i wake up the next day i sit down and my brain makes up for all that shit and cranks it 's out by muscle memory .
it 's not so much that torrey slows us down it 's that him not playing gives our young guys snaps to make moves .
first 3 games of the year they looked just as if not more explosive on offense than the 2017 eagles .
i do n't think it will but just thought i 'd share a cool concept
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
could you suggest glasses that would suit my face and what type of hair cut would be better ?
i am really appreciative of all the comments here and taking it all in .
you also forgot about the hole in the wall on the left where i assume it leads outside since this is the only floor with broken walls so why ca n't the survivors escape now ?
you really have to wonder what compels people to do this stuff .
here in america we do n't tolerate that kind of crap sir !
this is the only launch i have but i absolutely love it .
action is superb blade steel is good feels good in the hand .
i would go for any of the launch series .
i have n't see the term before top dead center '' since my dad taught me to tune up my car in high school .
damn way to stretch the time machine engine thin ...
but oh well the guy sure was n't boring https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caligula scandals .
cyberpunk 2077 might not be too long from coming out
she 's probably not going into battle she looks more like an assassin .
that being said i agree i wish she did n't have the plate chestpiece and wore full leather instead .
still flexible the leather would be much better suited to assassination and the escape coming up next .
how long did it take to get the hang of the 4 lefts and 1 right except with one missing s '' ?
maybe i still have n't gotten the hang of it ?
well deserved now dp can go into future postseasons mentally fresh and not with a gigantic weight off his shoulders
i ca n't remember if it was oregon trail in school or monkey island at my friend 's house one of those two .
my reptilian eyes are sometimes hard to focus on such physical things outside of keeping the blackhand in check .
i remember in the off-season i was saying i thought he would be a good pile driver type of guy who would get a good amount of carries per game and even that statement was n't that well received .
i could n't have imagined he 'd be where he was today .
but god damn he did look like a different person after an off-season with duval and i had a good feeling about him .
i mean he 's not a priest so owning a copy of a bible and god-forbid reading it is a serious offence .
the first one the jesus one and scream are all definitely uncanny valley for me at least
i 'm also about 8 weeks post op and my left boob is still boxy but my right breast is looking so natural i forget i had surgery !
i 'm sure the slower breast will eventually catch up !
but they did say at some point not to wash your face in it .
do it spider 5 is a fantastic starter especially since you wo n't need to get any pedals until you know what you like vs what you do n't .
i have a spider 4 and it 's fantastic i can link a song from my album i used it on if you want
i do not but i imagine for daz3d there are copyright issues for redistributing even textures for the clothing .
that is more than then likely main reason for the lack there off .
meshed vr would have to purchase the distribution rights to an item unlick many games that have a team of people designing clothing .
filter mofme69 for accessories or check the textures filter for some different items .
for great regular-season pitchers that fall apart in the postseason see david price .
machado 's a bum over a large sample size .
the main character opens the movie by getting wasted and driving and while it 's seen as a bad thing it 's more of a you messed up you silly goose '' vibe rather than you could have killed someone you fucking moron . ''
6 of xtians by denomination at least is n't something to be happy about when it comes to accepting lgbt people .
that is akin to being happy because you are down to 94 of the people in your office wanting to beat you up rather than everyone .
imagine all of the teams that never get to play in a world series .
then you throw out steyer bloomberg and soros too .
our donor class still believes in doing good and letting our people run the show .
how quickly did steyer step off the impeachment platform ?
since when does bloomberg get a say in how we run campaigns ?
like our rank and file we hold the donors to account .
i seem to be the only guy on earth who never found her attractive in the least .
i 'd give my left arm for a night with kate beckinsale or catherine zeta jones in their prime though .
are you one of those social justice warriors on the internet who witch-hunts every little thing people say to bring them down so you can feel better about yourself ?
you do n't need to be a social warrior '' to stand against a person who said he 'd kill his own son if he was gay .
pll fans will like it most likey it has similar aspects .
i got him 40th overall in a ten man .
pugging raids depends entirely on how they set the encounters .
i played on a massive server in vanilla and mc was the only thing pugged for a long time .
zg and aq20 pugs were almost always doomed half way through .
is it too early to say i love you ?
well i 'm somewhat surprised but clearly there is an audience !
i used a last minute 20 tickets and got it rather than costume duplicates ...
from the sound of it you have already built one .
buying one of these is not going to do any thing you ca n't do on your own via possibly upgrading parts in the one you already have .
idagdag ko na rin pala yung officemate ko na kahit hindi sya yung may birthday pini-picture-an nya yung cake at ipo-post sa instagram para kunwari sa kanya .
kill streaks are fine but no specialists would make this game so much better
i was going to but they did n't have it on nitro ...
my favorite mexican ice cream was the one with pecans .
i agree script kiddie '' does n't capture your true nature .
i have shiny kyogre and want shiny black hat pikachu .
they have n't said the name of the city or saudi arabia in probably three weeks .
every ad is the same they just do n't say the royal city of ... '' or whatever they were calling it .
the fact that he 's finally onboard means that the blue hairs are starting to see how badly this could go .
sorry i already promised it to a single mom with 6 kids and no furnature '' .
i really like the lace look on the arms of your top .
we used to call this a legacy blunt and they fuck you up !
if they do n't get responses then they do n't get responses .
this sub has few enough posts that it can handle it .
if clutter 's a concern the mods can always remove a weekly thread after 3 days if nobody posts on it .
i appreciate the detailed comment but i just have to dig in to part of this
the acts of the flesh are obvious sexual immorality impurity and debauchery
not so obvious unless you define these things ... homosexual sex between consenting adults ?
... you know the guy who rose from the dead
yes i think anyone with empathy and the ability to take the perspective of others could see error in these type of behaviors and would encourage love/joy/peace/kindness and so on
unless it 's wanting to inherit the kingdom of god
i warn you as i did before that those who live like this will not inherit the kingdom of god .
and say you 're one of those uncontacted amazon tribes how do you suppose you 're supposed to figure this out ?
or does god not give equal opportunity at inheritance to everyone ?
why did he wait so long for introduction to the eastern world letting them get all spun up in buddhism and hinduism ?
i realize that is off topic but i 'm interested from the angle of whether belief in these others things another god for example allows the possibility of being saved .
julio needs to get a td before he qualifies to participate in this conversation
i 'm so happy for you i feel like i 'm currently living through the last 4 years or so of your life .
but i 'm still happy because for the first time i feel like i have a hold on things .
and i 'm focusing on positives and trying not to fall into a hole of sadness like i used to .
reading that you got through it gives me even more hope that i will too !
well right after luffy attacked cracker 's biscuit army with his organ gun we saw cracker emerge from the phalanx and attack luffy .
if his biscuits alone were enough he would n't risk attacking with pretzel .
so presumably he did use pretzel in the timegap as well .
the wild west was mostly made up by dime novels and later by hollywood .
gunslingers were a circus attraction or fictionalized by reporters to sell newspapers or those dime novels .
the wild west was n't at all how it is portrayed in movies .
you can put raid specific mods into your raid armor .
damn next time i go to maine i 'll stop by
i went through something similar to this when i was in grad school and dating my now-ex thank goodness long distance .
i brushed it off as a one-off incident that was caused by the amount of stress he was under otherwise and also grad school is a weird and sleep deprived time and i do n't think i trusted my judgment as much as i would now in a similar situation .
anyway if i could go back in time and tell myself at that point any single thing it would be to end it with that person immediately .
do not buy a house and let him live there .
end it while you 're far away enough that he ca n't easily just show up on your doorstep at all hours of the day and night or easily come find you at work or any of the other things .
long distance he 's blockable on social media phones etc .
you can really make this person disappear and be lots less worse for the wear than if you continue and let the relationship escalate .
that 's what i would have told myself when i was in your situation .
i did n't think of that at the time and i moved a long ways away for the person who behaved that way .
i knew just a week after i moved there that i made a huge mistake but by then he was living in my home and the financial abuse started soon after so it took me three years to get out .
it was three years of pure hell and i 'm still dealing with getting him out of my house where he 's currently living rent-free .
learn from my mistake i know easier said than done and end things with this person sooner rather than later .
i assure you this situation does not improve with time and proximity .
user_pinger https github.com/neoliberal/user_pinger request to be added to this group https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=groupbot subject=add yourself to group computer-science message=addtogroup computer-science unsubscribe from this group https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=groupbot subject=unsubscribe from group computer-science message=unsubscribe computer-science unsubscribe from all pings https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=groupbot subject=unsubscribe from all groups message=unsubscribe
i do n't mind religion i think it 's very positive to have a belief system .
i do think open mindedness is difficult to balance for religious people though .
confirmation bias is literally a pillar of religious practice .
dems get shit lucky that the private sector is kicking ass when theyre in office take all the credit even though they are anti-business commie asshats .
i remember there used to be a really popular rengar streamer back in the days ...
i forgot what his name was but i wonder what happened to him .
i remember his strat was to rush a bunch of doran 's blades and get tons of kills
its similar to how other fans talk shit about us x fans just because of a small group of fake x fans that talk shit about others for no reason whatsoever something x would n't have wanted his supporters to do
in my opinion me cago en tus muertos '' i shit on your dead ones is worse but it 's not as popular
i personally try to balance it as best i can .
it 's definitely worthwhile in some scenarios to stay out all night drinking with new friends .
typically though i would like to be up at a reasonable hour so i can explore .
i also do n't have the same issue as you though .
i thought so at first too but if they provide ballot drop locations/boxes there is nothing to contest as there is a free option to leave the ballot at .
we did this with my parents and it was rough .
expect to get a lot of pushback from the grandparents .
my mother even threatened to take us to court .
your children need you to run interference for them .
they should n't be subjected to the emotional abuse that their grandparents are causing .
my only regret is that we did n't cut off my parents sooner .
consider the different types of women you 've spoken to or even ones you 've seen speak to another .
what is it about particular women that makes you like them ?
when they speak to you when they are expressing themselves what is it that makes this girl more attractive or fun compared to the girl next to her ?
assuming all things are equal in regards to physical attractiveness what is it about particular women that makes them that much more attractive ?
now switch the gender roles in your head consider what women like to see coming from a man .
consider what behavior other guys have done that seem to make women light up .
perhaps you 've done it in the past without thinking about it ?
when i want to seduce a woman i become the man that i have before which succeeded with a woman .
i think about all the women who have succeeded with me on making me enjoy there personality and i think about why i liked it so much .
she 's staring right into my eyes she ca n't seem to stop smiling she 's laughing a lot she 's saying suggestive things that are n't too blatant but if they are she 's very mischievous about it instead of gross she 's flattering she 's fun .
if a woman said in a very clinical way all the reasons i 'm attractive and blandly says she 's attracted to me spoke in a monotone voice never smiled etc then i probably would not be interested .
even if she said all nice things to me she said it in the lamest way possible .
i smile i change my tone of voice i say suggestive things i make jokes about her me or us i paint a sexy picture in her head with the two of us as the characters .
i want her to consider having sex with me so she needs to think about having sex with me .
girl says i do n't understand how beards work when kissing is involved ... . '' to a group of 3 other women 1 other man and me .
i say are you imagining what it 's like to kiss me right now ? ''
and i grinned raised my eyebrows put her right on the spot .
except there 's 4 women so statistically ... .*one of them is definitely thinking about kissing me now .
my confidence worked and she blushed then said well i am now ! ''
the others all laugh but now everyone 's looking at me for the conversation .
as it turns out all 4 women are now curious about what it 's like to kiss me .
i just went from a normal guy to a seductive guy by saying one suggestive thing .
now i am seductive to 4 women at once .
i 'll just sit and wait for the game to come out on pc .
interesting thankyou for i n f or m a t i o n .
the original script has a lot more on the issue of sex and romance between leon and matilda it 's floating around the internet somewhere it was posted on reddit a few years ago .
your only right to free speech is the protection from censorship by the us government as enshrined the first amendment .
anything beyond that is a bullshit fantasy that requires its believers to subscribe to believing in freedom from consequence .
unless you catch the police on cctv/camera doing something racist/illegal they will most likely find a way to justify and if it is your word against theirs the court will mostly likely believe them .
this guy is a racist piece of shit who used his 5 year old son to get attention .
that 's the crazy thing any talk about efficacy or safety of vaccines is really held back by this kind of censorship .
i bet most people did n't know in the us there is a vaccine court specifically for arbitrating issues with vaccines .
i 've seen this cutscene before so when it happened to me i walked up to these two people on the porch and hog tied each one .
i threw them up on that table and tossed a throwing knife at both of their heads and left them there .
that was so kind of you to write words of encouragement for me .
those are rare in any area of my life !
... . you say that you are an old guy .
i do n't want to miss any reason to be depressed of course why not get my full helping that i am entitled to ? ? ?
i feel exactly the same these games feel like a more adult legend of zelda
i 've had multiple hourly positions that did not make overtime .
i did continue to make my hourly rate though .
by this i mean if your pay period is two weeks are you allowed to work over 80 hours ?
i 've had positions where i would work a lot one week and very little the next because my pay period was monthly and i could not go over 160 hours .
consider asking to take some time off when the work slows down .
in the future do n't agree to work overtime if you do n't feel fairly compensated for it .
oh ok so just now did i sort in my mind who swayze russell and hasselhoff really are .
like in guardians of the galaxy they make a joke that now makes much more sense peter adored hasselhoff and ego took a form that would please peter aka ego played by russell since they look so simillar .
but also swayze looks like both of them so what the fuck is even real .
getting waxed would defeat the purpose of buying veet in bulk .
jinx looks like an ex-gf i had who smoked meth
how many soldiers have faced any jail time from breaking roe in the last 20 years ?
yeah but at that point i would rather have our lord in a tabernacle
youth is the time to work your ass off .
as you get older and you 've been working for two decades that 's when working hard puts the most strain on you .
so it makes perfect sense to spend the earlier part of your life laying the foundations for an easier three-four decades of working maybe being able to gradually reduce your hours .
it does n't make sense to do it the other way around because all it means is you delay the necessary period of hard work and skill development until your 30s or 40s when you should be slowing down and enjoying the fruits of your labour more .
and yes as you age you 'll run into problems that will mean you may not be able to work as hard .
by that time your 20s will be a distant memory and completely irrelevant to the demands of the present moment .
or you can just bum around in your 20s with an anti-work mentality and then when necessity kicks in begrudgingly take a minimum wage unskilled job that means you 'll be working a shit job for 40 hours per week until you 're 70 .
do you want to make it shitter or not as shit ?
surely you have a source to suggest nylander will be traded .
what part of texas if u dont mind me asking ?
temps have been to chilly lately in dfw for any fruits unless i 'm mistaken .
bsm ltw and wvr are the most useful as they open up crafts for other crafting classes .
i beat spider-man 100 in 26 hrs split between 4 days .
the one holiday mind you where there 's no hugging there 's no singing there are n't even cards .
we dress as monsters and we threaten people with tricks and they give us candy and it 's beautiful .
incinerator guy hey you had me at it is . ''
at para na rin sa mga matatanda na gusto ring mag costume party .
i was reading your comment halfway through got bored and scrolled down to read the next comment and my brain went wait did that say testicles .
so now i ask were you born with 11 testicles or 9 if you are a thumb purist or were you born with 1 finger or get into some accident ?
well if you love your county you would visit it every month s
like i said before jazz rock and roll hip hop rap golden age sci fi hollywood broadway video games food with flavor comic books ...
i 've put hundreds of hours into stardew between pc and switch on multiple playthroughs .
i think a lot of people jump right in and try to min/max their farm right off the bat which destroys a lot of the charm the game has .
do n't get me wrong min-maxing can be great !
but for a first time playthrough i recommend people take is easy .
explore the town talk with people do different activities .
do n't worry about completing the community center bundles as fast as humanly possible you 'll get there .
senhoras e senhores apresento-vos a solução para a escassez petrolífera cortesia do senhor admiral gomes .
entretanto no mundo real the average citizen of a developed country today consumes the diesel distillate from 66 barrels of oil a year such is the dependency of our modern food systems on fossil fuels .
the high-yielding crops we pin our hopes on will be of little use if there is not enough fuel to sow harvest or transport them .
one of the most pressing questions is where the energy to power the world 's tractors trucks trains and ships that move the food will come from in future .
it can not come from the farm to do that would reduce world food output by 10 30 per cent at the same time as we need to double it . ''
the more you play the beta the more yiu are going to want to play again .
when you take away but still eat in the store..
his fragrances are done in the older classical style of french perfumery that may not appeal to a lot of people especially a younger demographic that has become more used to loud linear top note styled fragrances .
elysium is one of the more relatable fragrances from the line and those that you tried especially the likes of fetish would not be appealing to most people .
for me a lot of his fragrances come off as well made but most of them i do not care to smell like .
i like the aoud trio and a few from the gulf line .
the consensus is that this would be prohibited but i think this is incorrect .
you do n't have to uninstall nova just set your launcher to huawei home .
then just apply a scrollable wallpaper and make sure it scrolls .
nova did break this fix for me though so i use action launcher instead .
but i think just seeing if the klwp will work on your default lanucher is the first step
happens to me about 3 times a month just loud earrape warning your device is infected '' and i close it out .
there 's also the need for xcode to make ios apps .
yeah but did you know hitler was a liberal socialist ?
this meme sure gets posted a lot guess i have to get used to it
i could just listen in the background while i did other things .
i was engineering there so i know that best .
when i graduated a few years ago they liked to tout the fact that they were top 10 in every engineering field they offered except 1 chemical engineering which was top 15 .
if he move out he has no rights to move back in .
owning a house and living in a house are two different things .
if he tries to break in call the cops .
it 's a good way get embarrassed later on .
immigration at the turn of the century was tens of millions of people and they had no problem going through the process and obeying the law .
ai n't it 's painful to even walk in that .
abuse is beating her with a belt ... .. holy gawd ... .
he is literally talking a couple bucks on most bills nickle and dime'ing suggests the op probably should n't be eating out .
i always give 20 on the total bill by doing the easy math with the decimal ... the only time i do 18 is if service is bad .
i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who hates that fucking song .
run a 3 yard route on 1st and 20 run the ball on 2nd and 25 defilippo ca n't even manage a shootout
well you go from uninterested to not feeling awww”— make up your mind .
whats up with former utah players and trying their asses off against us ?
most of the players could take things from publix but the district manager was there that day .
make and keep eye contact when talking to me while smiling .
unfortunately my nearest del taco is 431 miles away but i would really like to try it sometime .
obviously i love taco bell but i also love tacos in general .
this is probably blasphemy but i love taco johns too .
very distinct from taco bell but they 're both great for different reasons .
what are you trying to do smuggle vault 7 out of cia headquarters using only your phone ?
your problem is n't having too little storage it 's having too much stuff .
it 's not reasonable to have multi-tb storage on a phone with current technology at that level of utilization you 'd be better off carrying a nas and a battery pack .
the name of the side mission where you find out hardy is the detective is called like a fiddle . ''
please tell me i 'm not the only one who noticed .
and then there 's all the shady shit that goes with it .
like intentionally skewing numbers putting things intentionally out of context having no explanation for pre-industrial warm periods etc .
i believe the climate is changing and i believe its dangerous for our civilization but i do n't believe that we 're 100 causing it .
i 've worked on eryx and tow missiles and inertial navigation units .
you mixed something i would love no knockdowns on mp with something i 'm afraid of pay 2 win ...
lol remember back in the day where the black/white bloons used to be the strongest .
there were n't even moabs or hell even ceramics .
how about we think of the mexicans that were watching ?
3 years is pretty substantial although yes it is only 1 measure and it will reflect the overall standard of living in canada .
my point was more that it 's dangerous to rely on rumour and hearsay to formulate an opinion .
you 've acknowledged that you do n't know much about alternatives but
i think the wording is crazy but my mother always told me you could tell how a man would treat you based on how he treats his mother .
now i 'm only a few minutes in so things could change .
then again i 'm a crazy cat lady and i like my men smart and weird .
just ask my husband ... .so i might not be the best resource for this p
peopler are out here saying outrageous shit about teams blocking 10 yards down the field during pass plays and it not being called but i have n't seen a single example of it from the chiefs or any other team for that matter .
wow fs we 'd better call the smithsonian right away !
they 'll want to get their preservers on it so it does n't decay into nothingness what with this not being a fully controlled environment with temperature light and humidity all continuously monitored .
you 're losing value and allowing a priceless document to decay by the second ! ''
okay so they def met while she was still underage ...
the nfl has always been about getting away with as much as you can .
just from my experience using lyft/uber during our trip this weekend there were times where one of the drivers got lost using the gps and another time ran a red light and made abrupt stops passed the crosswalk and just overall made me rethink how rideshare companies assess people 's driving skills and take precautions .
the driver looked young maybe in his 20s or 30s
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat as you are not yet verified .
information on verification can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/8fkt2s/exact_verification_requirements .
please also read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/about/rules before posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
that does n't do it justice she graduated with a near 4.0-gpa from a highly prestigious nursing college 4-year degree in 3.5 years as well and works in a very difficult unit .
you get a heart/lung transplant within 300 miles of our city she will be your nurse or the person in charge of your nurse .
we have a house and with it a garage .
she always and i do mean always cuts the wheels almost all the way as soon as she starts backing out of the garage .
she 's hit walls trash cans kids bikes bricks if it 's been in the garage and is n't my truck because somehow that thankfully escaped the onslaught she has hit it .
she just gets angry stubborn and i know i 'm fighting a loosing battle .
overall she 's a fantastic driver one accident in the last 16 years of her driving and it was when we were juniors in high school .
ca n't back out of the fucking garage like a sane person to save her goddamn life .
i used to watch her leave in the morning and wave ... and it 's gotten so bad i wave once shut the door go inside and wait for the thuds .
this is probably gon na get buried but it 's perfectly in line .
unlike my wife 's ability to back straight out of the fucking garage .
the final score of that game was 31-28 after ot .
the biggest lead any team had in that game was 7 and both teams led by 7 twice .
missing girl from toronto located.. we would like to thank the public and media for all your help . ''
that 's the reason i make my cards hover half an inch off the table at all times .
i used to be really creeped out by devotees but in the last few years i 've come to understand that devotees for the most part are just part of the variation in human sexuality .
there are creeps that can violate boundaries some who steal photos to use when impersonating women in wheelchairs to trick real women with disabilities and gain their confidence ... but as far as i can tell these are the minority .
i 've recently started out a patreon to offer the kind of conversation and content devotees are looking for .
there is a trade online in stolen or free photos of women with disabilities .
i want to make it so devotees can connect with me and we both get something out of it !
i 'd say use the same care and boundaries you 'd have with any online dating make sure you 're safe and establish a relationship with a devotee on solid ground make sure they are who they say they are and that you are both benefiting mutually from the relationship .
i know several paraplegic and quadriplegic women who have fulfilling relationships with men who are attracted to them and to their disability .
it 's the finding the right person part that requires some care and attention .
devotees can be some of the most loving and attentive boyfriends !
that 's very true the last thing i wan na do is feel like i 've wasted thousands of dollars just to dread going for years .
maybe working until i figure out what i want to do might be best .
in australia it 's easier to get into uni when you 're older for some reason
bc is in the middle of a referendum on electoral reform where they might switch to proportional representation
not the first referendum they 've held on the subject and each time they 've tried it 's gotten voted down by the people unfortunately .
was in afghanistan people are still using the koran to justify slavery to this day .
not battling the merits of another religion over this one either .
i like drai but man i dunno about liking him more than donair sauce .
the amount you 're permitted to do will be up to laws which vary significantly by state and of course what the dvm and staff allow you to do .
some states are much stricter than others with tasks that only licensed techs can do .
moffat answered on the record once and intentionally or not his wording was not an explicit denial .
terry nation 's estate owns the right to the daleks and there was some secret negotiation between them and the bbc to bring them back for the reboot .
almost did n't happen for weeks 'dalek ' was written as if it were a different alien as the focus .
it would be totally possible to include a requirement like that in a regular old earth legal contract .
why should the rest of canada pay a calgary a whole bunch of money to host an event that will loose money ?
i live in calgary and i do n't understand it .
it ca n't go against '' the grinch leak if that was your question .
if the green pixels do n't exist it means nothing .
i have a catahoula mix 70 lbs active breed working dog similar to your black lab .
this breed is n't really prone to health issues but i think a lot of active big dogs like the labs and catahoulas are susceptible to certain injuries torn acls are almost a given .
she 's also developed an autoimmune condition at age 11 which requires medications and special dog food so i 'll put updated costs near the bottom .
adopted her at age 1 and she 's now 11 .
we also have a fenced in yard and live in a medium cost-of-living city .
food high quality kibble 20/month maybe closer to 40-50 since we supplemented with human food half the time .
we store the kibble in a vittles vault 40/container .
annual vaccines rabies bordatella kennel cough '' dhpp parvo 15/vaccine so 50/year .
the frequency of your dog 's baths depend on the breed and how much they love to roll in the mud .
if you diy you 'll need to buy shampoo de-shed tool furminator 25 nail clippers dremel etc .
pet-sitting/dog walking/boarding if you go on vacation you 'll likely want a service like wag or rover to walk your dog twice a day or you may want to board them in an insured reputable boarder 1000/week .
you can probably find cheaper dog walkers/boarders but they may not be certified or insured .
since you 're looking at a fairly active breed with its own set of issues i 'll list what i 've encountered in costs so far .
altogether the acl replacements cost maybe 6000-7000 after factoring in anesthesia hospital stay physical therapy costs .
special prescription food 105/3 weeks for prescription dog food dry and wet due to her illness .
she 's on a blood thinner antibiotics antacid and immunosuppressive therapy .
fwiw i got an insurance estimate for the dog when she was 8 years old .
to insure her it was going to cost 60/month .
trump does n't need to be forced to do this stuff for russia it 's in his personal interest to curry favor with dictators .
i 'm sorry but who else in this tournament was on console ?
have n't paid attention to anyone besides my favorites lately
shite i kinda realised after it 's maybe a reduction in delay that 's needed play around with your voice more and see how to distort it less so your voice sounds more in the track even if it 's less in the listeners forefront than a usual song .
some of the tracks are good man and i 'm sure as you go on you 'll get better and better
well some people view tywin as a machiavellian type character meaning that he believes the ends justify the means but he 's really just selfish .
like in the show he has the line i do n't remember if he said it in the books explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle then a dozen at dinner . ''
you could make an argument that the red wedding did save more lives then it killed by ending the war years in advance the logic being that while a few hundred died in the red wedding so many more would have died if the war went on but that 's a complicated debate and a moot point .
tywin did it exclusively to benefit himself and he would have sent every northman to their graves if it meant he would gain power .
i still have some of those impulses and have to remind myself that it 's just not true .
fair enough the counter argument was implied not explicit .
it was as an american jew i can motherfuck the president all i want .
i did n't call you an anti semite or even imply it .
you can be a perfectly accepting non-bigoted person and still be completely wrong .
so shouting down israel is hardly a valid argument against american jews .
let 's cut all funding to israel for being a racist apartheid state .
the latter are levitations in the physical world commended from beyond the astral plane .
the other are just as real but they are entirely acted out by your spirit alone .
you can actually move anyone 's arm if you know the proper technique .
i did n't have much of a social life in hs or college and i hated myself for it throughout my 20 's but once i hit my 30 's i made my peace with it .
not everyone has to be a social butterfly ... though social butterflies do admittedly have many things easier for them in life .
this looks like what 1950 's science fiction movies would depict if they tried to depict the surface of a comet .
is this how you would do it with redux as well ?
it has also been years since andrew has played at a bad level
2014 was the last year he drug a bad team to the playoffs when he had 40td 16int
2016 he had 31td 13int 4240yds but could n't drag them to the playoffs
in actual time on the field for luck perspective it has been 1.5 seasons not including this years stuff since we dont know if he 'll make the playoffs
being chubby is just being chubby which i am not but actually being disabled is an actual genetic failure .
maybe spent 20 hours on it the entire semester and got an a .
top players dont use it much so it cant be an issue for other players '' argument 1 .
if the part about people yelling at the kid is true .
amazing alliance that help teach whether you 're a young level or an oldie
am i missing like a coupon or something for the a50 ?
it 's 155.00 all said and done with shipping and 3 fans and a riser cable which is not that far off from custom aluminum cases .
i hate to admit it but i 'm without doubt one of those absolutely must talk every day '' type of people in a relationship .
seems out of line with the typical intp behavior but i really ca n't help it .
if i have genuine feelings for someone and care about them i will want to speak to them daily and if they do n't feel the same way i will almost definitely believe that they do n't have feelings for me .
i tend to be obsessive to an unhealthy degree in relationships which might have something to do with jealousy and fear of abandonment and other shit that i should probably see a therapist about .
it should n't be mandatory to communicate with a romantic partner daily .
but i ca n't stop myself from messaging romantic partners daily and getting mad if they do n't do the same .
if my partner does n't receive a single message from me for 24 hours straight then either i want to break up with them or i have died .
having driven over 10,000 km in thailand and much more than that in malaysia i disagree .
a small percentage of thai drivers are hyper-aggressive but most are pretty good .
thai drivers signal about 70 of turns compared to about 20 of malaysians .
most importantly thais lack the relentless selfishness you see in malaysian drivers cutting in line illegal parking driving in the wrong direction etc .
if you live in malaysia it may be that you 've only driven in south thailand which is noticeably worse than the rest of thailand .
i do n't know if it 's the muslim culture in south thailand but thais do n't seem to consider southerners to share general thai values .
compared to the rest of thailand southern thailand exhibits a very noticeable lack in road manners and vehicle maintenance .
chinese players also talk shit about those eu and na players who are ungoro mafias and do faction collusions .
from my point of view chinese community is more friendly except for the gold farmers .
no complains about lupos 10 mins respawn in chinese forum while full of resentment here .
what 's interesting is both sides consider the other turtle in av .
as a non-american i have to say the democratic party is considered center when compared to most of the world .
what most americans consider left is far from it ... what do you think is the leftist agenda getting too extreme ?
i wouldnt mind seeing spawn take on a bunch of demons in slow-mo action .
your post has been removed because the title is too short .
please delete and repost with a relevant informative and descriptive title 15 character minimum .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twentyonepilots if you have any questions or concerns .
who among us have the power to actually make an impact ?
i 've been doing 4th plateau trips each week since june or so with 3rd plateau trips each week since march .
all that stuff about dxm being neuroprotective is absolutely true in my case .
it allows me to go out and exercise run restores my vision .
but i feel it 's a duty to share my experience because it 's true and perhaps people are being a little too conservative with proper dxm use .
i hope people are at least open to the idea .
i will say this usage has made it lose some of the magic . ''
however part of that is because i know more of what to expect and what is happening biologically and pharmacologically .
i would say i 've gained overall tolerance to the extent of roughly 30 .
but for now i 'm enjoying being a normal person for the couple of days after a trip .
the afterglow truly resolves all my symptoms albeit temporarily .
and i 'm afraid to mention any of this to my doctors because they would n't understand .
they would assume i 'm a junkie using it as an escape .
but i 'm using it to heal and meditate .
i 'd say leaving a generous tip a cheap person will leave a bad tip a frugal person will leave an appropriate tip because they want to save money but not at the expense of other people
letting the kid run outside and down the driveway ?
someone needs to be called over this for sure .
at the very least someone has to scare into the guardians that they need to step it up .
it 's sad but i fully expect degrassi to come back in the next 5-10 years in either a reunion special with the old tng cast or a new series ala what tng was the older cast passing on the torch to the newer generation whether that be gen z or whatever comes after .
it gives me hope that i have a chance to reach my goals and see other women succeed too
that statement has always bothered me to be honest .
i come from a country in south east asia that is quite conservative and at points quite patriarch .
we have a lot of female engineers scientists and doctors .
there are more female stem students in a more conservative countries than in a more liberal ones .
got scholarship to continue study in europe and most women in the programs came from south asia east europe and south america .
our interest in stem did not start because we were given toys for little boys when we were younger nor were we being raised like boys .
the only thing i could remember was how education was treated like something so precious .
edit what i wanted to say is that math in university is easier if the student already understands math well in high school math in high school is easier if the student already done well in junior high etc ... etc ...
instead of future is female maybe it 's better to have 'investing more time money and effort in all level of education is the future ' as a slogan ?
i always liked the tyson chandler comparisons for noel .
not big bank but 1 year and a month in and i 'm up 10.81 about 325 but it 's been a rollercoaster and might tank or moon depending on lode lmao .
theres a guy who came into my old job every sunday .
super non-descript but in a way that was so blatantly non-descript that i was able to remember him .
he always wore tan work slacks and a white t-shirt .
he had brown crew cut hair and wore those glasses that all serial killers in the 60 's wore .
after a couple weeks he started letting people pass him in line until my til was free .
and he would call me by name we wore nametags .
after i stopped working sundays a coworker said he 'd come in for a few more weeks and would hang around for hours but never bought anything .
i went in on a sunday to hand in my resignation and he was in the bargain book section .
jesus you guys are such fucking bullies to a man you like to say is evil and a guy you do n't even know .
the guy next to him is a self-taught guy from texas who only started learning 9 months ago .
jeffree brought him in to do his makeup for the abh party to put a spotlight on small growing artists .
and who cares if js bought an lv bag to cut it up ?
he has the money to do that and it 's not like he does n't donate a shit ton of money and makeup to charities .
what the fuck is with you guys bullying the shit out of people while pretending you 're morally superior because you do n't stan a racist !
! 1 ! you 're just as bad as he is at this point .
i was wondering the same more than one week now since the stream is down ... .
you 've lost this one horribly i 'm afraid .
i just thought there was really not much to dig up since there were few things wrote down this part .
maybe u can tell me but what makes mine so rare specifically
try omnisky s4 very devastating combined with s2 on the vanguard
ca n't wait to try it but i have 1 question are you going to put it on steam or no ?
to cut down on junk and bad submissions r/softwaregore automatically filters posts made by new accounts or accounts that do not have sufficient karma .
in the meantime please make yourself familiar with the rules if you have n't done this already .
we also suggest to engage in conversation on other posts .
do n't send us mod mail and ask for the exact requirements you 'll get there sooner than you think .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/softwaregore if you have any questions or concerns .
lol i should 've known this is what comes for posting an opinion on a k-pop sub
i know the feeling with ps4 getting all the cod updates first before xbox .
i think he 's about with rngeesus for me .
ganja jesus tho ... he sure is one of the best jesuses .
'' t rying to get an egg fertilized in this way is like attempting to pump up car tires by whispering into the rear-view mirror . ''
i scream you scream we all scream for eye scream !
the agent of such a despicable act is هُزَأَة .
these two names are given to the ones that have circlejerking part of their routine .
if it is a one time thing then i would call the agent مُستَهزِئ and the patient مُستَهزَئ به .
when you talk to a villager their name will either be in a pink or blue bubble so we can more easily tell their genders .
but despite knowing this since i started playing there are still so many animals that i think is the wrong gender and every time i talk to them i get reminded i am definitely wrong .
but this style of game just does n't do it for me .
killing mass amount of enemies in one button press ... boring !
flashy animations with tons of enemies just bevomes visual noise .
i 'm positive i 'm not the only one who feels this way yet the genre is going the completely oposite direction .
great question however tangentially related to this ibm currently has one of the fastest hpc systems in the world .
for what it 's worth that should n't be an indicator of totally fucking up .
but he 's willing to kill people while free market 's purpose is to serve people .
means do n't justify ends despite what politicians claim .
but maybe you were willing to ask the question rather than falsely accusing ancaps of thought crimes ...
heck i 'm from makati tas makati lang work ko but usually the 30-min commute on a weekend would take me 1 1/2 hours on a weekday and that is if walang traffic or madaling lang makasakay .
normal sinestral dextral than u should have enough for hazy wheel x3
let 's see what the free market does to penalise those folks now ...
happens sometimes but idk why or if it 's just my perception
yeah tried taking a jock down with a sad tackle and gets punched in the face and then it 's over ... wooooo totally impressive .
coulda just made them fear harassing people but we got that instead .
when i was a teen i 'd accidentally '' mess up someone 's order with what i wanted and then be super apologetic and offer to make their order on the house .
this gave me a free meal and often a bigger tip .
the trick was to say the order wrong back to them in such a way they do n't notice but then they 'd realize it when the order came out wrong .
i considered buying a vanagon but never ended up sleeping out of a vehicle .
however when i did get my first salary job making six digits in an expensive area the cheapest studio rent i could find was 1200 so i went to a mexican supermarket grabbed a paper and went through calling the ads on the paper .
i found a room for rent for 400 a month and promptly lived there for years with some kind hispanic room mates .
even better only a 15 minute drive to work .
you will probably want to focus on modular designs like the venerable ar-15 .
the upper would be where the engineering is while the lower would be much more focus on variable ergonomics .
so basically just do whatever works best for a given species .
yeah there 's a group who get off making fake texts and facebook messages to get on reddit for some reason .
at least it 's more creative that their usual craigslist fakery .
you can look for deutschwagram or something like this .
not owning a car espacially with kids is pretty fucking limiting in any way though .
but not needing it for everydays things is also something i would look for .
roughly 250 a week i did n't include it because it 's not a normal amount most people spend
peter king was the mp from 01-04 and was just a backbencher .
playing the game the way the game is marketed is more accurate .
it 's strongly marketed as a single faction game .
yet the strongest armies use multiple factions i understand why this mismatch between brand promise and actual brand experience has upset many players who rightly perceive themselves as playing the game 'correctly ' .
lol i was kinda scared clicking that link at first
the only time i have ever heard of this happening is if the mother was receiving government assistance .
usually the state goes after the father for back child support because they get to keep it .
i agree with her that foreigners should stop visiting until the conditions get better .
at any case moroccans do n't benefit from the tourism incomes anyways .
would rather have new fresh maps than older blops maps imported into this one i 'm gon na have to say no .
this is the classic wawa building style before the gas locations opened up .
man hører jo om officersflugten men jeg synes ikke jeg har hørt meget om sergenter .
i 'm gon na side with the french guy here ugh anyway alba is known for its white truffles
if you save up to 50 bucks it really opens up a lot of doors .
even if the product makes some changes it is just a change in appearance and it takes a long time to achieve .
we did get the blackberry version and the nokia symbian version but the two versions took a year and a half to complete and at that time the two operating systems that had taken the lead were almost dead causing wechat to lose the indian market .
when wechat went online in the indian market india already had instant messaging applications .
whatsapp has had an impact in india working with operators like reliance to offer whatsapp a monthly rupee of 16 rupees .
the local product hike is also online with wechat at the same time .
the instant messaging market has seen many competitors including line viber skype and hangouts which bring voice messages video calls free calls and emoticons to indian users .
after the end of the original enclosure era each product either found its place or withdrew from the indian market except for whatsapp which already has some markets .
in february 2013 hike rose to the first position in the app store relying on a prize-recommended activity and then fell .
wechat and line also launched marketing activities in india after a few months of silence .
japan-based line which was born in south korea entered india in july 2013 and relied on its own tv commercials to occupy the first place in the app store for several weeks .
shortly after wechat started tv commercials line also started its own tv commercial in june 2013 .
in october of the same year actor katrina kaif was the brand spokesperson .
as for the management of tencent at least in the early days they believe that the competitor is still line instead of whatsapp because both rely on a large number of marketing activities around the world to expand wildly . ''
tencent 's management focus on line in india is that whatsapp has always been low-key .
gupta said that the growth of whatsapp relies entirely on spontaneous and from a national perspective wechat has no way to stop it .
but line is expanding wildly in every country around the world just like uber competes with many local taxi companies .
in mid-2015 wechat realized that they had entered a dead end in india .
about a year later tencent led hike 's 175 million in financing in august 2016 prompting hike 's valuation to reach 1.4 billion .
however hike is still struggling on the road to realizing it .
today two years later its number of users is only about 100 million .
it can be said that tencent 's bet on the instant messaging market in india is not very smooth .
india has also witnessed some local applications to the universal application .
supported by sequoia capital tapzo has a good market share .
its predecessor was an online customer feedback platform which was later developed into an application aggregation platform and sold to amazon pay in september this year .
another paytm supported by alibaba is also trying to become india 's wechat .
unlike whatsapp which relies on low-memory versions and media file compression to capture market share wechat line and other applications growing in china and japan have better quality architecture .
they have rich media interactions such as emoticons voice messages video calls and more .
they disdain to change their products to cater to the low-end mobile phone market in india in 2013 but assume that the world will eventually become popular with better phones and faster internet so that their applications can provide a better messaging experience .
in india this situation did happen in 2016 but the network effect of whatsapp is already very strong and other applications have no possibility of occupying the market .
of course the problems that wechat encountered in india are not special .
similar problems have been encountered in chinese applications and services in other fields .
in february of this year the world 's largest shared bicycle company ofo ceased in just six months after doing business in india .
when theo was operating in india earlier this year the shared bicycle market had many competitors including another chinese company mobike peddle from zoomcar and yulu in bangalore .
these startups have found a piece of white paper in the metropolitan area of ​​india that can be used to the fullest .
rajarshi sahai who is responsible for the operation of ofo 's india said that although ofo has created a local operating strategy for the indian market it has suffered a lot in terms of ease of application .
although the application of ofo has 32 million daily visits in 22 countries when the indian team tried to localize and customize it it also encountered a long gestation period and task scheduling resulting in other smaller and more flexible competitors can improve applications faster to cater to indian users .
rajarshi sahai president of indian urban mobility and former ofo president
sahai said that for chinese companies supported by bat the chinese market will always be the core business and other markets will only expand so there will be some inertia in the face of other indian competitors .
however it is clear that the indian market can not be handled in the same way as other countries ' markets .
sajith pai from venture capital firm blume ventures said that indian consumers are mainly divided into three groups the first group of about 100 million people mainly composed of urban population and rich people is the main target of luxury e-commerce brands about 100 million people are active people the remaining 1 billion people are still struggling on the poverty line .
pai said that many international companies including apple facebook and instagram have noticed this .
they regard india as a secondary market with a primary target of 100 million people in the first group .
they target the 100 million people in the second group including rural india emerging internet users and young people .
for example mx player newsdog shareit and ucbrowser all train emerging internet users in india and they have a greater chance of living in india because they know more about new users in india .
however china is a monolingual country dominated by the government .
the cultures of different regions are also very similar .
its culture is diverse there is no common language and urban structure and the economic development is also very different making the indian market very it 's hard to deal with the same method – this is tencent or the lessons learned by the bat giants .
these lessons can only be learned after investing in a large indian company .
it is strictly forbidden to reprint this article without formal authorization .
we 've overpopulated and exhausting all of the world 's natural resources
he is n't a bad guy and he 's super competitive it must be absolutely eating him inside that he is n't able to perform in the playoffs consistently .
i wish it was someone like manny mechiano that was sucking the d. i really hope the dodgers keep machidos even if it makes them a little better because he 's so damn hatable .
i think melchiom would really hurt the chemistry of the team .
we see that your post may not quite be about retro gaming .
r/retrogaming is for gaming from the 5th generation era and earlier .
if you 've posted about a 6th generation console you might consider posting to the related subreddit r/dreamcast r/ps2 r/gamecube r/originalxbox r/nds r/psp .
if you 've posted about a modern game in a retro style r/indiegaming or r/gaming might be the best place for your content .
if you 're posting about a mobile game please check out r/iosgaming or r/androidgaming .
after that tv deal 4/45 isnt as big as it was .
prior to that deal ppl like bron got like 23m a year approximately .
hope he gets suspended for at least a season for this bullshit .
since you took them so close to your withdrawal bleeding it might be weaker or not come .
but that should n't be an issue since it 's not really necessary to have a withdrawal bleeding .
if you 're worried about pregnancy just take a test 14-21 days after the incident .
next month should theoretically not be affected since you do n't have a real cycle but then there 's no telling what such an hormonal bomb does to your body .
you should be okay if you get a lobby in shipment where players are letting off uavs often .
took me a few hours to get chrome on both launchers .
shipment is the best because of the smaller map size meaning the uavs are always within range and the sweats playing escalation and ordnance meaning you 'll usually see something in the sky to shoot at .
opening up indigenous reserves and gutting environmental laws/enforcement is basically free money for natural resources and agricultural multinationals .
it occurs when the total pressure acting on the soil equals to the pore pressure hydraulic pressure in the soil resulting in the effective pressure in the soil to be zero .
here the pore pressure water pressure takes the entire weight of the soil and loading .
in a way the soil no longer has any strength instead the pore pressure supports the load hence it behaves like a liquid .
it occurs usually during earthquakes because there is a sudden increase in the pore pressure caused by the movement of earth deep underground .
meh we 'll raid the next one there will be other ships guys .
when she eat your ass and you both cum from the sensation ... it is pretty much a done dealna ring is gon na be presented down the line .
it 's been almost three years and people still think it 's unbelievable that rey a scavenger who is adept at fighting with melee weapons could defeat a seriously injured by chewie 's super blaster emotionally compromised from killing his dad kylo ren .
they act as if rey defeated kylo at full strength because kathleen kennedy is a feminazi who thinks women should defeat men just because. they never ask themselves why would filmmakers with a feminazi agenda handicap the main villain so that our heroine is more evenly matched with him ?
the correct world is literally hitler '' everyone that disagrees is a bigot !
it requires your team to be on the same page .
a if you have hard engage which most decent team comps provide force the 5v4 around baron/whichever lane has wave priority .
b send someone with waveclear there but if the enemy is an uberfed jax/camille you prob need at least 2 ppl .
the other 3 must play super defensively and pretty much wave clear other lanes while keeping an eye on baron .
if the other team is fed to the point where the splitpusher can 1v3 and the rest of their team are stronger than yours too just ff or if you 're optimistic pray they throw the game na style .
eww no maybe when genie in a bottle came out .
a timbit '' of information ... it 's tidbit '' been saying it wrong for 18 years
the mixin network is made out of different unrivaled appropriated records with the middle record called the 'kernel ' and the supporting records called 'domain ' and 'domain expansions ' .
nationalists arguing about preserving uniqueness are still arguing for strong borders .
if the border is enforced then it means that the border is n't preserving culture because it 's splitting people from their own culture .
if the border is unenforced then it means that uniqueness '' is n't bound by borders at all .
so no matter what the uniqueness argument does n't work since split towns exist .
even for a country where split towns do n't exist the uniqueness argument still does n't work because their form of nationalism must be universally applicable if it is n't based on supremacy .
someone can only argue for nationalism for the sake of preserving uniqueness '' so long as the arguer remains unaware or willfully ignorant of edge cases like split towns .
and i do n't believe they 're being genuine about their belief in preserving uniqueness .
nationalists have a vested interest in staying ignorant and dismissing such edge cases .
more importantly than a gotcha '' case is that strong borders are inseparable from xenophobia .
their argument implies that foreigners without proper checks and guards '' would destroy a culture .
and from there we see the obsession with strong borders and immigration control and eventually population control it will make us weaker if we accept people that can not prove their superiority first .
basically superiority is now measured by ability to preserve the culture that the nationalists believe a nation has '' .
and while it 's a subtler form of supremacy it 's still supremacy .
it 's based on the assumption that only certain people can preserve a culture which means that others are worse at preserving a culture .
and from there we can develop the points i made in the first comment all over again .
edit this was a pretty hard aspect to argue against .
it 's tricky because the naive approach is a trap .
if you try to argue something like parts of cultures are n't worth preserving for example we purposefully eliminated slave culture '' then you 're being baited into a response like but some good things came from slavery are those not worth preserving ? ''
which is a load of gump but that 's ok for the nationalist because they just need to appear to not be a load of gump to advertise their ideology .
and the other approach is cultures are n't unique '' which places an impossible burden of proof on me .
and from there it 's hard to move forward and successfully deal with the uniqueness '' aspect they want to push .
i originally wrote up an analysis of subcultures but could n't make it find solid ground .
i spent a good hour thinking about this until i arrived at this analysis .
thanks for bringing this to my attention it was a good exercise to think through .
the artist did n't want the boobs to touch apparently so ivy 's body is bent like 4 times in ways it should n't .
the neck shoulders and ribs are making me super uncomfortable here ...
neck issue aside her whip arm is practically flying off into the abyss while her torso melts into itself .
i am sure that traveler project will be very strong in the future and will cover most people .
all sarcasm aside i preferred it when we had truly outrageous stuff .
i get why they want a more realistic setup sort of but the whole premise of germany winning ww1 among many other assumptions for kr are already ridiculous .
stuff like having a psycho try to become ghengis khan reborn or having a triad formed government etc are all really fun .
at the end of the day though i just play the mod so because they want it to be less over the top that 's just how things have to be i suppose .
headbutt and crushing charge are both good pressures for oos
i do n't think they have many local laws .
that bad ass fro reminds me of the dummer in the video for are you gon na go my way who i later found out was cindy blackman santana carlos santana 's wife .
she 's a kickass musician in her own right and toured with lenny quite a bit .
i literally just did the same pose 5 minutes ago after doing this lol this game is awesome !
we are reminded about that on every game launch with a video that you ca n't skip ...
i think that shit caused more seizures than it has prevented ...
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/schizophrenia anyone else find that the longer they exist post break the harder it is to relate to communicate with and understand norms it gets ?
at what point does one cease to be human ?
i 've just realized i 've reached a point where i 'm no longer able to see things from others ' perspective .
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
i 've never been to the us but i 've always wanted to go to chicago or seattle for some reason
i was required to pay less than a dollar a year .
and currently during my masters degree i have to pay nothing at all and i 'm getting money from the government to study .
of course taxes pay for the university but it is the best university of the country .
was interesting seeing how he spliced it together not to mention the reaction of that girl watching the finished product
learned my lesson with the dream le set i 'm not even going to try anymore for an nct le theme despite them being my ults tbh
at least when i was in most ncos still had the stay in your office and keep your mouth shut until i tell you mentality .
that was lost quickly with our optempo though and now things are just crazy .
my brother is in and he leads his stories with you would have been kicked out today if you were still in before telling me about the idiocy in his current unit .
oh damn thanks i have a test and 2 more homeworks 1 is 2 pages but the other one is nothing and the test is 5 pages
went to see merchant of venice as a groundling on the weekend .
even though i 've never read the play it was very easy to follow and much more fun than i was expecting .
i doubt high level management has that level of self reflection
yeah i 'm sure they 'd make it available again though .
i dunno they could do something cool with that card one day for people that kept it
i do n't think there are any laws against someone in the usa getting someone in canada to mail rx drugs to nigeria though .
the trick i assume is not getting the package stolen in nigeria but i 'm just assuming the mail service is sketchy based on what i know about the email scams .
if he does n't want to fight for you maybe it 's time to reflect to what you brought to the relationship ?
looks to me like he believes you did n't bring much into it ...
not a good sequel or even a good movie imho but decent enough horror shlock .
sadly it wasnt even the low point for the nightmare franchise
in the u.k. usually streaky bacon is a good option as even supermarket versions are sugar free .
i for one am actually glad to have a deep world with extreme details and actual meaningful side content and missions .
i know this book my best friend who was always overweight used the simple weight loss system and she looks better than ever now even though she could eat almost everything she wanted and still can .
i also replaced the two spikeridge steeds with avenging wraths .
i 'm not sure i selected the best replacement but i thought he was too slow and i did not want his weapon replacing the silver sword .
i 'm also considering putting one spikeridge steed back in place of one avenging wrath .
i 've been through a lot to sort out abuse from my relationship with my ex w/bpd not shaming anyone with it but his was bad untreated during our relationship and led to a ton of abuse .
i just do n't think he 'll accept that suggestion or take it well .
if anything he may think i 'm suggesting he 's truly broken and that i ca n't ever be available to him emotionally .
i know 27 is n't a kid anymore but he has less relationship experience than the average 27yo and is a bit sheltered from life experience in general .
i think it 's worth suggesting but miles away from one of these actual moments .
dropped 100 on fortnite proceeded to never play that trash again .
for everyone who is trying to do the first step of the quest go to master rahool and buy legendary engrams from him they give you the pages
i find this stuff and those fucking gross pimple cakes so much more disgusting than any actual pop
and that 's why mueller 's team referred these allegations to the fbi .
but there is just something about the technique and time put in to the smoked meat at zzq .
chris and team have developed this out of passion not profit .
please repost using the tech tag by adding tech '' into the title of a post including the brackets .
if you fail to check the wiki your post may be removed .
you know what.. maybe it 's because i accidentally saw the cavs game or something but our offense is actually good but defense is bad and we definitely have a good future .
and did you actually think we had a chance against warriors ?
and people had really high hopes for the bulls this year maybe too much.. we still rebuilding we should be patient but oh well i 'm going to get downvoted and shit and none will hear to what i want to say anyway cuz of these things..
but really our performance even without a complete squad is n't actually bad.. and it was just one of those nights for warriors our d suck ass
there 's sigma plat then there 's shitma pants .
so i can look forward to another few thousand hours of eu4
lol i 've never seen anyone on console shot like that
i do n't know that i would combine all of those server functions into 1 box .
i 'd be more apt to virtualize all those servers and make what you buy just be your vhost .
ad and dhcp/dns generally but not always all go together on a server and then your file server could be a separate virtual machine .
that creepy guy barged into op 's day and made her uncomfortable .
even if this was n't sexual in nature which seems like a stretch it was still incredibly rude and misogynistic .
he just spontaneously demanded that she behave in a certain way for his amusement .
it 's pretty similar to having said why do n't you make me a sandwich '' except with bonus sexual overtones .
you can find loads of them on the side of the road
i normally access reddit from an app so i do n't see the sidebar .
the friend showed him the nudes so he 's more to blame .
if someone sends you nudes you will see them once you open the app .
i 'm no doctor but it sounds like you 're dipping a rubber heart stamp in ink then pressing it against your skull ?
he 's not a side character any more than bowser is .
he 's a main character in an rpg that spawned the paper mario series .
besides that a number of the characters coming to smash have n't been very relevant in a long time .
metroid had been gathering dust up until metroid prime 4 got announced very recently .
isaac from golden sun is expected to be in the game and that was not a huge series .
mr game and watch had n't had a game since before mario debuted .
i do n't get why you 're so bootybothered by people wanting a historically but not currently relevant character in the game .
geno has been in the polls for hopeful inclusion since brawl .
oh this is the tip of the iceberg in terms of breasts in this book .
the main character talks about the size and development of his 12 year old dead sister constantly .
i 'm not sure if i 'm going to make it through this book .
but i 'm not talking about being dragonborn i 'm talking about being the last dragonborn and standing against alduin which has a lot more mythological baggage than just being a dragonborn .
it was at that time you walked outside accidentally knocking over your cup of coffee but it did n't fall to the ground .
you started to question your sanity but still ran to the door .
as you approached outside there was a man with a large red hat across the street .
the most noticeable thing about his attire was his pocket watch which the rusted chain hanging around his waist .
you close your eyes to blink and suddenly you hear the noise of something breaking from inside you look in the direction of the noise and then back at the man but he vanished .
cars are now driving down the road as you see that everything around you has come back to normal .
the guards at the voldunai post do n't help either and that 's an emissary turn in point .
what i 'm saying is its not a straight up loss of a pick .
the thing about tabasco is that it 's really a one of a kind deal .
it 's the only hot sauce i 'm 100 confident i can pick out in a blind test .
if you have n't try it mixed with ketchup on eggs !
but it 's going to snow today so global warming is n't real
at least under my code a dishwasher hooked up to the kitchen sink piping counts as zero fixture units .
the waste load on the kitchen waste stack is the same with or without dishwasher .
if the piping ca n't handle '' a dishwasher then it also can not handle you draining a sink full of water .
if the building was not designed for them it 's generally a bad idea to add them and try to tie them into the existing plumbing .
if your controller is not failing then it 's a modder i had a modder disable my controls steering and gas/brake while playing sumo remix i left immediately
naw that pattern is clearly the evil globalist jews running the entire planet .
the amount of hoops these idiots jump through to make their stupid conspiracies make sense to themselves is astounding .
you can not sell harrows below the darts world map without being cut off from the only legitimate source .
same thing if you are selling harrows models that you are not purchasing through dart world .
once darts world knows you are sourcing elsewhere you are open to an infringement suit and will be on the wrong side of the law .
if a-z was smart they would be sourcing whatever they can from darts corner but there are limits to what they can get away with and one of those they ca n't is selling harrows below the maps .
harrows has entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with darts world which allows them to enforce map .
most of the enforcement is done through the civil court which means it is typically the big boys with the most at risk .
not many companies will waste much time chasing someone selling grey market product through ebay/amazon from their bedroom .
a friend of the family though does make her living representing mlm/house mom reseller type companies in going after ebay and amazon re-sellers of their products .
apparently that 's a growth market in the legal industry .
can you imagine sinking a few thousand into inventory and being told you can no longer sell it ?
and by the way give me all the profit you made selling it .
i mean as a kid its not weird unless you sexualize children
no other team 's 3rd or 4th best player can explode for 50 in 3 quarters and it 's not a fluke .
i 've heard of people who just abandon a series because someone tells them how it ends .
it does n't have the angels the eva units or any of the characters but even if you had n't told us it was evangelion fan art i would have been able to tell .
but seriously this is why i started playing it too .
easy to hang right out the gate and two of the preconstructed decks get you going .
edit was it the not-a-ceo part that gave it away ?
no i would politely disagree in order to protect other chinese citizens .
the government runs large i2p peers that act as honey pots .
no one in china stands a decent chance at anonymity on i2p .
even the i2p developers know and announce this see qqq .
the white and red from foundation and the navy and brown from bc .
i would really like to add dice pip keys for the numbers .
ugh i feel like this is the type of person that targets lots of young females from the office .
can confirm that 's not true my favorite game is bo3 still dont have a verdict on bo4 yet i love the complicated mechanics and such but i just love classified for some reason it 's weird to because i hate five
because even if i 'd say fuck the environment and my gas bill my water gets heated by gas it would still be uncomfortable to put soap in my body while the shower is on .
i 'd either have to turn it off or move the showerhead away because my shower is too small to actively stand beside the water jet if it 's in the normal showering position .
the big surprise was that china was developing right alongside the classical mediterranean civilizations back in the day that was a huge revelation .
and for most of that time china was more advanced in terms of population wealth and technology than europe .
that part of the story tends to get under_-emphasized in the retelling because we 're so used to the current western-dominated world order .
people just get a bit carried away regarding the age of china .
i always get that one tommy boy mixed up so it 's just one complete set of chris farley/david spade references in my mind
because as you mention above you used the exploits .
i may be an outlier because i farmed all the super mods when the barons were guaranteed dropping them and i came into forsaken with like 80 mod components plus i dismantled the braytech scout for probably another 80 when that worked so i have n't really been hurting for mods .
so you do n't have a problem because you used the exploits braytech and could do the baron 's when it still worked .
it does n't work now and the exploit is closed .
so you feel it is good because you stockpiled using an exploit 80 and the closed baron 's drop rate .
sure the economy is good if you did those things if you did n't or did n't use the exploit .
7-1 1 seed on a 6 game winning streak while 2-6 are all 5-3 beating on each other .
i have the 4th most points for and the least points against so i 'm getting lucky coupled with not leaving points on my bench .
2 more wins should grab me a bye for the playoffs .
no i do want gun violence to be dealt with but fear mongering and misinformation is n't going to help .
school shootings are horrible even one is horrible even if no one dies or gets hurt but shit like op 's post is straight up fear mongering .
again even one is horrible but acting like it 's some epidemic that 's the worst of our problems is straight up ignorant and idiotic .
there are tons of things killing people in the us that are preventable but they 're not the political talk '' despite being more rampant and take exponentially heavier numbers .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
im surprised no one tried to provide an explanation for this lol
and then undermined your own semantic argument ... okay ... good job there .
if you really think that anything would be different without religion you 're a damned fool .
religion is again just used as a justification an excuse to do what people were going to use anyways .
without religion people will find another reason to kill each other .
this is why i also said you were ignorant to history .
yeah when you only look for and hear about the bad parts of religion or the people using it poorly yeah all you hear is superiority .
btw i love that you say that while in the same post acting superior because you 're an atheist .
just like i can look at just the worst most hateful atheists and declare that atheism is bad .
you need to look at the whole picture not just the worst aspects .
you mention removing all mysticism and boiling down evolution to what we can prove .
i 'm guessing you have n't been to school in a while or do n't really grasp the theory of evolution but if you want only the things that have been proven to be taught then you really ca n't teach evolution .
which is a theory that has a massive logical leap .
and good for you glad to know you can be a good or bad person with or without religion .
thank you for proving my point that religion is n't the problem .
you can be neglecting hateful and stupid by acknowledging yourself as being a part of natural evolution without despotism .
you just admitted that religion is n't what causes the issues you 're claiming it causes .
i think the routers we use can prioritize/limit specific devices if thats what you mean .
never messed around with it though since i thought it would be a bit unfair to the ones who are actually paying for it .
the general question bragging and other are already on daily/weekly thread
specifically you have to hit them in their critical spot it might have to be with the teseract attack i 'm not sure .
for a second i thought this guy was sponsored by monster .
yes shiva impales him in most variations of the tale .
the blood is variously drunk by the matrikas chandi kali or purposely created demons .
i 'm unfamiliar with a version where shiva collects the blood himself .
but gay people who get offended by such phrases are usually defined by their gayness
that 's not true it just sucks to hear it being used as an insult all the time
apple confirmed it so yes it will be released today
said like someone that has never ever applied for social housing
your psychic powers must be failing you since i lived in social housing for 20 years .
i turned off hdr last night and almost considered starting the game over because it looks so much better .
the true number of victims is probably much higher .
they are as far as i know only trialing him for the deaths of people where they could test the corpse for the drug he used .
many bodies were not in a condition to make a test when they exhumed them all and about a 100 potential victims were cremated .
based on statistical analysis the number of his victims is probably far far higher than the number that can be proven .
because not everywhere in the world you use shoes indoors
roll if dodging is too hard or use hidden stance or sifu
this was n't even jewish rabbis this was like alexander soros .
eles não têm que dizer que o judiciário daqui tem que ser de um jeito ou do outro que a lei daqui tem que ser de um jeito ou do outro .
probably wo n't be but she did n't come in a way which was lawful .
i too thought the first play could have been a pick since i think gilmore was in front of him in coverage for 90 of his route but then his momentum carried him away from benjamin who made a slight move forward for the ball .
really a great route and great coverage with a tiny amount of separation resulting in the completion .
i have no idea why you think it would be a router .
if my dh does n't drop everything and tend to him when he demands it full blown temper tantrum .
that 's why this sub named him king toddler .
well its not that im purposely being oppositional i 'm just asking because really ?
what other options are there to date and meet people as a gay man in a small town other than online ?
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
vanish was op in vanilla you could use it to dodge spells coming at you in mid air i once casted fear on a rogue as he was about to vanish the spell went off and the rogue became feared but he was already in stealth so he could just wait the cc out and re-engage .
punisher had one of my favorite b plots in it with the kid dealing with his ptsd and becoming increasingly radicalized .
i believe i saw a huge trump '' sign on a barn somewhere on the road between sioux city and fairmont mn .
the lenght of the reign doesnt really matter when it has been so lackluster
i would but my mic broke recently and i have those old xbox one controllers that do n't have a headphone jack in them .
i was thinking discord but i checked all of the fallout 76 discords i 'm in and it seemed like all the xbox users are using something else as i saw no voice calls or anything .
step 1 in knife fighting hold the knife as loosely as possible .
if that grip survives a stiff breeze youre expending too much energy .
i was hoping they 'd show jp losman trent edwards and shit .
every single time we open the freezer she comes running for one .
and the punks who use copies and extra turns .
funny that a philly pos would ever poke their head out to call someone else trash
you threw the lawrence coup for the 35 day focuses did n't you squidward ?
i 've been meaning to try the location at dundas/roncesvalles .
thanks so much for all this info never thought someone would go out of their way to go into so much detail !
i was under the assumption that the more credit cards you have the worse gon na look into amex and chase .
good genes and a healthy upbringing i 'm sure this is n't what you are looking for but i thought i would say it anyway lol .
the investors realize that showing off extravagant houses and cars gets clicks .
all people see is the wealth and they assume that it must have been paid for with hard work and talent .
in reality what you have is a bunch of talentless hacks that are propped up by rich investors and a ton of kids who think that having the things showed off in the videos is the highest aspiration in life .
also looking successful is a big part of being successful in general .
sinceramente hoje nenhum diploma universitário vale a pena aí .
digo isso morando nos eua e sendo formado na melhor universidade do brasil num dos cursos mais concorridos .
sabe o que vale um diploma da usp aqui ?
ninguém nunca ouviu falar os empregadores não querem saber e te tratam como se você fosse lixo .
em qualquer país de primeiro mundo falar que você é formado na melhor universidade de são paulo é tipo você falar que é formado na melhor universidade da áfrica do sul ou do méxico .
brasil pra eles é isso um lugar extremamente atrasado sobre o qual eles sabem quase nada .
ser formado na usp ou na uninove não faz diferença nenhuma aqui .
a vida é curta pra você se cercar de pessoas com um nível tão baixo .
pense a respeito as vezes existem outras opções que você não está considerando .
o brasil é uma província e ainda vai levar muito tempo até as coisas melhorarem .
eu sairia daí o mais rápido possível se estivesse em idade escolar .
if that movie ca n't reach 100m dom i doubt that the nutcracker will .
an adult drama vs. a visual effects heavy fantasy action movie how are they comparable ?
all in all this video was a blast to watch .
unfortunately it seems that your account is too new to share links a limit we had to set in place to reduce trolling .
instead for now you are welcome to participate in the community through the comments or make a self-post .
exceptions can be made for personal links such as oc pictures art or missing pets .
if your link falls into one of the aforementioned categories or the like please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsweden so we can manually approve it or create a self-post instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sweden if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 8-0 with a bit of luck but a pretty good team overall .
i 'm just worried i wo n't be able to hang with the other good teams some playoffs one team has gurley conner evans rodgers another with barkley hunt wilson diggs m jones jr and the last big guy with melvin gordon mccaffrey brees cooks cohen so i was thinking of doing the thing that everyone says is stupid move mahomes to get an elite receiver or rb .
my team is as follows mahomes with luck on my bench elliott mixon landry josh gordon ertz and a variety of inconsistent flexes breida doug martin calvin ridley .
if i used luck ros and traded mahomes one of my receivers i could probably get a big boost there .
thinking antonio brown obj or aj green would be easy using pat i think and there 's a far off chance i could target theilen .
most of the good rbs are gon na be held with their playoff bound owners but kamara could be on the table .
should i not be trading away mahomes who i got in the 9th in a keeper ?
the points some of these other teams are putting up are insane and it 's got me shook .
everytime paradox fix a mechanic that players exploit they just get rid of such mechanic it 's ridiculous .
fix it for mp and reduce effectiveness for single player .
you ca n't sell territories you ca n't sell boats you ca n't give them loans you ca n't ask for too much money in peace deals you ca n't ask for territory in most cbs you ca n't demand territories even for cobeligerents etc .
at den datoen flytter seg med påsken er helt på jordet .
politiet er jo også ute i media hvert år og sier de ikke kommer til å ha piggdekk kontroll på våren for å hinte til at folk helst burde vente med å legge om .
he only jumped from the restricted arc and still only managed to catch the rim at the last second on his way down and he 's like 6'6 .
my xbone controller was behaving weird with the xbone controller setting on ... lol
i 've seen video evidence of a connection interrupted solo local ...
det er vel underforstået at nej tak til et nyttejob betyder 0 kontanthjælp .
det grundlæggende problem er at mange har den opfattelse at det er samfundets problem at man har faste udgifter der skal dækkes .
vi er så heldige at hvis man ikke kan finde et normalt job så tilbyder kommunen et job til 6000 kr om måneden .
i used it only problem is the brightness it causes in the nights .
former smoker here the reason is that the ashtray is already full .
looks like amazon will be down 30 from it all the high .
do n't bother disabling java if you 're not disabling the script too
no problem downloading it a few hours ago from castbox but it has disappeared for me as well .
i saw a little bit of the first season and a little bit of the future version that came out in like 2015 .
that crazy human woman who was able to easily take out all of those heroes '' with just her rage and a gun took me out of it .
can not compare apples to oranges but i guess it will go up 10 at flyable .
as part of our rules on self promotion https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_self-promotion we require that you have at most a 10 self promotion ratio .
this means that for every post or comment that promotes your youtube channel fanart blog soundcloud etc .
you need to have at least 9 other posts/comments that do not .
comments on your own posts do not contribute to this ratio .
your account appears to be over the 10 limit .
have a question or think this removal was an error ?
i 've been using plex from the road for a while ... .and i had no idea there was a desktop app for mac .
it 's super comforting to know you are n't alone is n't it ?
to give you some comfort i did n't v my entire pregnancy and when spit up of other kids has literally made me gag it did n't bother me so much with my own baby .
i actually ca n't remember when my phobia started but i got a sickness while i was in high school and it triggered a really bad episode of anxiety .
since then emetophobia has been a persistent life struggle for me .
it 's like i go through good periods and then i have flare ups .
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/cmqhj8 price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/cmqhj8/by_merchant
did you forget igmund was the one who offered talos worship first ?
you in maine now boi 😂😂 wish they did more than two skits of this it was brilliant
his match with seth at mitb is one my favorite under the radar matches this year
very possible someone else did it to your phone as it tracks rep codes by imei .
honest question are n't vlas thinking of java 's arraylist and rust 's vector allocated on the heap ?
and therefore do n't they call malloc and realloc under the covers ?
the gnu c compiler allocates memory for vlas with automatic storage duration on the stack .
4 vlas like all objects in c are limited to size_max bytes .
additional question for anyone who wants to share why is it implemented like this ?
my understanding is that stack space on principle is very expensive to reallocate when it becomes necessary .
vlas seem like ideal candidates for storage on the heap .
is that like the buttons you 'd press randomly that progress things ?
and is the overall goal still just survive as long as possible and rack up the highest score ?
while then also achieving the easter eggs objectives while surviving to progress ?
so i built a mysterium deck for 18k vials and i 'm not getting many wins with it .
i do n't really understand why i 'm not getting wins .
if drew is in it it would become a triple threat .
you ca n't win via dq or count out in a triple threat .
it 's also the anniversary of the start of the great depression
they 're good developers and shit but they just ignore us to shit in the fucking sewer of brazil where everyone shits corn and other peoples feces
paper stop using artist is the next big thing '' headline format challenge
do you have a manifesto hidden bunker white van ?
the thing is a poorly-balanced monstrosity that kills every npc within a 50 mile radius but damn if it is n't fun to go up against once you can actually fight it that is .
one birthday event per year is more than enough to get old weapons
if his development is accelerated like this than he can be a huge missing piece for us .
maybe i 'm crazy but i think he 'll be starting over nurk by february
i agree they were stressed out get a water bottle and mist the roots if you water them by submerging them in a bucket i 'd do that a little less frequently until they 're healthy again !
i 'll just wait until ps5 is out and play both those games when they remaster them .
? i wanted to 100 percent the game before i hopped online but some dude stole my copy
i remember the first red dead online with team death match that was a blast
he could help broker some deals between both parties that 's for sure .
how much fun was it arguing over finer details with your friends .
now we just look it up and see there are 3 different endings .
it definitely had all the makings for a cult classic .
nope it 's an exotic and should be powerful .
stop trying to reintroduce d2 y1 with suggestions like this .
that 's left up to interpretation and op seems to enjoy them so what is the harm and where is the waste of time ?
and as someone who attended church for a good portion of his life i ca n't think of a single bad message delivered in those walls .
i remember knowing nothing about it my older brother suggested watching it .
i thought it would all work out and felt completely cheated by the end lol
jinder must be mad that elias did not play a song for him earlier today .
looks amazing i love how you even face painted her symbol below her eye .
t ferg is the rightful man to face khabib .
you really cant get anymore of a clear contender .
biggest misconception i see about law is around freedom of speech .
lots and lots and lots of speech is n't covered .
here 's a suggestion go read about the details of how the first amendment works instead of joking '' about killing children !
it is just a throwback nothing more nothing less ... come down mate .
yeah maybe i 'm just being a bit harsh on it .
my yoga teacher refuses to give us study guides and as a result we all failed the exam
carefully remove your head from your ass to allow circulation to return your brain to a somewhat functional state .
now use this newfound brain power to actually think about what you 're doing for a second .
what rational human being would n't feel sorrow for the horrible attacks on people in the past few weeks ?
and since you 're so intent on seeing a narrative that is n't really there let me spell it out .
i feel absolutely terrible about the people affected by the recent terrorist attacks in the united stated and wish folks would stop hurting each other like this
that 's whats called honesty it 's really healthy .
now do me a favor before you stuff your head back up your rectum be honest with yourself and realize for just a moment that you are being an absolute cunt .
also stop thinking everyone who calls you out on being a broken human with no real thoughts of your own is a trump supporter .
i 'm not a trump supporter but i 'm definitely not a you supporter .
i bet all the kids on the xbox also fucked her mom .
ah you want to see w/kg in real time .
there should be a w/kg value showing below your name in the list of riders nearby on the right hand side of the screen .
if you look at the first image in this smart bike trainers https www.smartbiketrainers.com/broadcast-zwift-device-onto-big-screen-tv-3827 article look at the right side of the image for the riders nearby listing .
the w/kg value of the rider in real time is showing below the rider name in small off-white letters .
re your heart rate if you are using a dual ant+/bluetooth hr strap you should be able to pair it via bluetooth to the ipad .
that way you get realtime hr in the zwift display as well .
i use a wahoo tckr heart rate strap which is dual protocol .
oh i desperately hope the pregnant woman sees the post and does everything in her power to keep laop away from her and her baby .
tho i get the distinct impression that a divorce is coming based on her post history and she needs serious therapy .
if you took an l on the butters or creams you just were n't trying .
rsx is down over 4 since december 30 2016 .
spy was up a ton until the beginning of october when the market makers realized tesla was gon na report a profit .
hiii my switch recently got banned for this hacking stuff
are there any really cool tools or mods that make this ban seem like nothing ?
i need 25 ... here 's hoping for the both of us 🤞
its going to get very real when they get to the us border
but the first vault/jump was not shown ... .. not sure if this is eligible .
the team is working hard to make every participants happy and the project to be great for more clean blockchain technology and image .
i hoped so but then tlj even more directly copied scenes arcs and dialogue from esb and rotj without even caring if it fit together and took it to the next level of stupid .
yeah even the directions from chino to la did n't make sense .
sorry your recent post https redd.it/9sla32 still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
if you like it go for it the only cool thing about tk imo is the healing cubic once they get it their survivality increase a lot the highest of all tanks i 'd say if you plan on soloing with the lvl12 quest weapon think again that 's slow for any class all depends on your gear for soloing and tanks are the most gear dependent since the lack of strong dmg skills
obama was legally required to appoint two commissioners that were n't in his party .
i have been looking for cougars all over the place .
is there any chance that you know where they spawn ?
it makes me happy knowing im giving people free karma also it makes me feel less selfish if i dont have anything to reply to them
you realise that islam is the religion '' and muslim '' in arabic means to submit '' ?
as in someone who submits to islam is a muslim .
idiot running a ai controlled lethal in hc complains because it was lethal ... ..
back ones are gf sugar cookies with specuulas spice mix front are basic sugar cookie mix .
the strategy needs to be build a ok product for 1 client which has all the minimum features they 'd want a product which provides them value get feedback and pitch more users .
the product currently only provides the value of engagement which is ok but still there are many things which need to be added and focusing only on engagement becomes a kind of problem .
a lot of things i am extremely passionate about the product and i had an interaction with the dude yesterday and he tells me that this is a service we just need to sell it like wolf of wall street something '' i was like whaaat ok that does bring money but does n't build trust .
what do you mean by public knowledge as in the whole community knows or that alts ca n't keep secrets ?
my dad used to get ready early in the morning for work and my mom shortly after .
we had a cat named boxer that my mom found in a mail box at work usps .
each morning the cat would watch them in the bathroom while they prepared for their day .
eventually she would learn to place a paw on the toothbrush handle while on the counter and rub her teeth across it to emulate what they did .
after the first time dad replaced his and gave her that one .
and then she would raise up on her hind legs with her paws in the air for him to put deodorant on her little kitty pits and chest like his .
the process would be repeated with my mom every morning only then she would rub against mom 's makeup stuff too .
in elementary school we had a pt teacher of the oldguard '' who had us lined up by height .
in secondary school we did it once but only because our teacher wanted to see the height difference in the class .
in related news this is the last known photo of the biologist .
it 's a good spiderman movie just not a good spiderman .
i had a standard r5 as my first car .
this entire sountrack fills me with a nauseating sense of anxiety i guess that 's still nostalgiac though .
that is the only trophy i never got and i went through 3 times trying to get it .
you say that as if 1 it 's news to me .
i 'm actually questioning why this reality escapes so many people 2 there arent other comments totally disparaging that notion .
we have taken 12,000 economic migrants from syria at a cost of 900 million .
this country is easy as fuck to get in to and gain citizenship
so i damn near guaranteed 50 points a week just from those two and i 'm still sitting here at 4-4 .
i do have the 2nd most points for and 2nd most against though .
i really want to trade gronk as i have oj howard and he 's consistently putting up pretty much equal or more points each week i just do n't know what i can get for him or what i should shoot for .
i keep ending up with like one dud each week and another guy on the bench going ham and losing by 1-5 points .
trump has a negative net worth i guarantee it .
well for one ibm designed created the punch card computers used by the nazi 's that kept track of all of the jewish people who were shipped to death camps and gassed during wwii .
they knew the genocide was going on but decided to profit from the death .
that 's some dark history and a good reason to hate ibm .
random guy on the street told me my legs looked like 2 ripe peaches and kept walking ...
as such i 'll avoid contributing to cpf unless absolutely necessary .
i 'll instead shift my savings plan from public to private sources as written above .
only trigger i can think of that 'll force me to put money in cpf is if i need to get a house i know that there are some benefits associated with paying for your house using cpf money .
for one thing i already have 6000 to 10,000 tucked in there that i will never ever be able to touch .
i can rescue that sum by using all my cpf money to get a house .
furthermore there are government benefits if i pay with cpf money as far as i know .
ehh i just hope you do n't get caught for tax evasion and not topping up for cpf includes oa/medishield because those are crimes iirc .
i wasted 45 minutes on the phone with a client because he would n't shut up .
lol that makes me want to have a ceiling fan to watch spin .
lots of people over 30 here anyone else 19😂 on this page ?
much love for the telly bear but katie george is easier on the eyes .
i tried to pick up the base set at the last re-cap but was n't able to .
this set did n't sell as many units as other colorways so the chances of me finding the base set plus extras is really slim .
at this point i 'd rather put up the numpad kit for sale so someone can have a complete set .
i want one that has a perpendicular screw for tightening compared to the one in the pic ... so at a 90 degree angle so i can access it from another direction .
the pinch type are super tough to get to because it is so tight where it is located .
not really encountered but there are tonnes of fucked-up ones and actually pretty smoothe ones on reddit .
i 've seen plenty of good looking men with no personality who have trouble keeping a conversation both dating and getting married .
you 're deluding yourself if you think social hobbies '' will change anything .
as for lack of social skills and anxiety when almost nobody wants to befriend you and many only want to bully you what do you think will happen ?
distance and she felt like she rushed into our relationship too soon .
we just broke up a little over a week and a half ago .
everything ended alright we still have strong feelings for each other she just needed time to be on her own and do stuff on her own .
i really fucking hope that one day we mend this and end up together again .
probably the best thing to do before asking reddit .
note i despise the company that makes the software i just wanted to let you know
nevertheless i want to thank you for your message .
my decision to stick to win7 has bee solidified and i 'll only be purchasing hardware compatible to win7 for my next system .
heh he still would of lived lvl 2 helm but that is some matrix shiz
it depends on you i guess and how you look things
the original intent of the public education system was to give a citizen a functioning adult education by the 6th grade .
which is i believe where the primary and secondary terms come from .
the other goal is to eliminate the use of legalese '' to make the law something only a few understand so that they may use it against those who dont .
a meme of this nature may never die because the people that switch to wifi will probably upvote it .
he just turned 33 last month and he 's already 4th all time in era-adjusted goals https www.hockey-reference.com/leaders/goals_adjusted_career.html .
barring a major injury he 's probably gon na top that list by the time he retires .
i think constructive criticism and disscusion is against the sub rules .
i 'm kinda it was done by my boyfriend at the time and was a planned thing it turned out not as i hoped as i was throwing up the whole night
i got really lucky and met my boyfriend of 3 years through a mutual friend .
she found him on tinder first but did n't wan na date him so she asked me if i 'd be interested and we hit it off .
i actually seen something about this on instagram he has like a backstory i think i saved the picture brb
antifa is domestic terrorism and if you think their actions are '' minor '' you 're part of the problem .
you either did n't read the article or did n't comprehend it .
local florida republican party office sprayed with gunfire nbc news
only specific issue i had tonight was that we had rondo in for too long in one stretch but i 100 have no problem with him closing over lonzo because lonzo was a non-factor tonight .
people are using the excuse that luke is n't letting him get into his flow and that 's why lonzo sucks but they 're being ridiculous lonzo ball is a professional nba player and a mighty capable one if he ca n't find a way to have an iota of impact on a game in 24 minutes then that 's on him .
i love lonzo ball and i think he brings a lot to the team but he had a shocker tonight and hence i have no problem with him not being on the floor with the game on the line .
we seem to be in every game and there will always be someone that should be playing more
this is pretty much the nature of how it 's going to be around here all season particularly because of the weird makeup of our roster .
people are calling luke a moron for not having lonzo out there at the end some are calling him a moron for not having lance out there at the end some are calling him a moron for not having javale out there at the end .
the thing they agree on is that luke 's rotations cost us the game but in reality if they had it their way there 'd be others criticising that their own specific set of players were n't in the game .
it does n't matter how or why we lose games but as long as we do there will be people calling for the coach 's head and it 's going to last all season .
that 's definitely something i 'm thinking about though i was hoping for a full-time military career
yeah ... .it just weirds me out he just got out of that shit .
was so good had lots of mat based stuff and just good wrestling all around and great psychology and angles .
you know how someone yells hold the elevator ! ''
and you can touch the edge of an elevator door to stop it ?
do n't know who downvoted you it 's an interesting idea .
i 'm not sure it 's worth delaying sneak attack damage for though .
i just downloaded the app and nothing about creating an account popped up .
am i the only one that had this happen ?
most of them were flat wrong and your larger point is off too .
how else could you finish geralt 's story without finally making ciri safe ?
anything else would have left a great big open hole in geralt 's story .
edit and just to be 100 clear tw3 is the last planned story for geralt in the witcher videogames .
fuck not even most conservatives think we should kill all immigrants .
it also depends on who and where the person is .
a centrist in sweden is not the same as a centrist in america .
you know seeing graham used in a sentence like this regardless of context just makes sense to me .
i knew it was one of the scrappy gym rats .
in my defence it was 2am and i have a very bad head cold .
see i was always confused about the hot pepper shits '' people seem to get from eating spicy food .
i 've never had a shit burn after having spicy food .
to be fair maybe the people complaining are eating much spicier food than i am but i like to think i 've eaten pretty spicy stuff without burning later .
i wonder if it 's just a difference between digestive systems ...
i think it works from some people and not for others .
it should n't be forced upon unless willingly chosen by both parties .
most of the time arranged marriages do n't work/fucking terrible because the woman is n't given an option gheer keda and ends up marrying someone twice her age .
data at hand and they did n't look at it .
bo4 will be a relic of the past before 2020 arrives so you 're spot on .
most likely put it in your saber slot as the enemies affected by it are lancers .
i 've always liked sci-fi and i think the expanse is one of the best out there .
i read the books before the show came out and they 're definitely great on their own .
i 'm re-reading the series now while i wait for season 4
i 'm just starting out on this train myself .
a i 'm way more overweight than i was admitting to myself
b the booze is the worst source of empty excess calories
c i 'm spending a fair amount of money on it
so i 'm trying to cut back the drinking .
it was just way way too easy to come home and crack a beer and then another and then suddenly i 'm four beers deep on a completely ordinary tuesday night .
dude that 's just the players with beards man they dont have to shave now
we havent had a date in months and havent had sex in even longer than that
i suppose that depends on what your definition of far is .
for me growing up in poverty with my single parent mother who seemed allergic to working so we lived on 450 worth of child support a month my goals for success are probably a bit lower than others .
if i can find a job i enjoy making 40k a year feels like i 've made it '' as far as feeling successful in my life .
it 's all a matter of perspective i suppose lol .
hopefully that did n't come off as sounding jerkish .
just trying to give some insight as to where i 'm coming from and where i 'd like to go at this point in my life .
that must have just not shown up yet for me .
i had just loaded the page for the first time when saying that .
unfortunately i 've made the same mistake and decided to let her go as she deserves someone better and fits better with her .
yea i probably wont be able to stick to only one gun type .
i would love to run around with a fatman at some point !
if not in a rush do like 4k or so and return when you have qpc and karamja gloves .
man i feel like this is the kind of gotcha question we 'd have in double maths back in school on a boring friday
if i roll a dice 3 times and the first 2 rolls are both 6 what 's the probability that the 3rd roll will also be a 6 ?
now notice it 's not a fair dice '' so we are able to learn that it 's not a 1/6 chance of any number .
before commenting about politics learn the difference between your and you 're .
so yes in the edit tab in the software but also when viewing the video files in the egc library too .
i bought into the hype by purchasing his jersey .
it was good for that one year at least ...
was that they also played it at metlife and gillette and a bunch of people who went to albany would have seen one of those two shows as well .
this is why you do n't sink money into korean mmos .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gashapon it is unfortunate that other companies are starting to employ the practice too .
vote with your wallet and do n't play games that use this gameplay mechanic .
you should n't need a new vehicle just get a very light trailer .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3asalem 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3asalem 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
i never got it and do n't mean to be rude but what 's people 's appeals with this type of cat again i do n't mean to be rude it 's just i do n't get it .
if that tiny gap is the only way in we are in business .
in order for a maze to be effective you 'd need a buildable structure that enemies ca n't walk over otherwise it 's not a maze but that your colonists can shoot over .
in beta 0.18 or earlier such mazes were common because you could use more traps that way but since traps are consumables now that is n't a long-term solution .
make it as long as the range of your weapon of choice so you can shoot to the far end .
make it as wide as needed so that all your colonists and any turrets can shoot get in line to shoot some extra space is nice here turrets explode when destroyed which can cause a chain reaction .
so on the far end of the killbox you have a entryway for the enemy to funnel in through on the other end are your colonists safely behind sandbags peppering away at the opposition .
i 've never once seen anyone on this subreddit or otherwise advocate for doing away with '' the 2nd amendment .
advocating for some common sense gun control is leagues away from getting rid of guns entirely but so many conservatives are so attached to their guns that anything approaching reform is spun as total removal .
willie randolph the former mets manager offers another case in point .
he managed the mets for four years reached the playoffs and had a cumulative winning percentage of .544 .
he was fired after the 2008 season and he has not managed again .
clint hurdle a white man got his first managing job with the colorado rockies and he recorded losing records in seven of his first eight seasons .
he was fired then quickly rehired by the pittsburgh pirates and his team has had a winning record in four of its last six years .
i 'll let you guess at what race randolph and hurdle are .
i 'll give you a hint one of them is african american and it sure is n't the guy named clint .
by the sounds of it there sure as hell is n't an equality of opportunity ''
i agree that you should be getting jobs based on your resume and abilities and not your skin color but the reality is there is still discrimination based on race or gender in general .
i used to be a salesman for porsche and audi and i can say your best options are to either
1 buy used because you 'll be able to save '' some money and honda civics are awesome cars especially if maintained well .
you 'll pay a lot less monthly for a brand new car than you would if you financed it .
most dealerships also have awesome service contracts where the service is either free or very discounted
that 's basically what i like about psychedelics too .
it gives you a chance to understand more angles of life .
even my worst mushroom trip left me with a greater empathy for those who suffer daily so i do n't regret it .
i 've seen other fsos here claim extensions are really common but that 's not been my experience .
hell i 'm heading to psp next and could n't extend if i wanted to because someone has linked to my psp job for after i leave .
our whole staff is cpr with defibrillator and first aid trained .
all of our students who have taken health are as well .
12x3.5 '' bays via an hb-1235 is my solution .
it 's not that quiet by default because each of the two psu 's has 2 fans .
but it will spin them down low if it 's not really hot .
fortunately the sound is a very low-frequency white noise not like the more distinction sound of dell servers for example .
i would 've laughed just as equally had someone made this joke about a liberal .
i built a gaming rig in december of 2011 .
it lasted beautifully up until i replaced it with a new build earlier this year .
the only reason i upgraded is because it was starting to lag while running new games on medium to low settings .
i built this newest rig for about 70 of what it should have cost while in the midst of gpu and ram crisis to boot .
i made my list on pcpartpicker set price alarms and waited for deals .
it took me a little less than 2 months before i had all the parts at good sale prices .
though if you 're slapping a mona lisa ce on them i 'd use any of the three p
cleaning your house worki g for money cooking food and going out less than once a week
it 's not sugar-coating it 's political speech by every definition of the term .
they 're specifically advocating for a change in public policy that would involve the use of government authority to accomplish a terrible goal .
what else would you call that if not political ?
i voted in dallas today and they had paper ballots that you fill in like a scantron rather than a voting machine .
made me glad to see that at least that has been changed
i have a severe anxiety disorder and my previous pregnancy ended at 8 weeks and totally destroyed me .
i 'm 11+4 into this one and the first two months especially were incredibly stressful .
i had light spotting until 9 weeks which definitely only made things worse for my anxiety but it was n't anything abnormal and my 8 week ultrasound looked great .
i saw my doctor right away after the positive test and expressed my worries and she helped to reassure me that though miscarriages and other complications happen it is far more likely that everything will be fine .
she did n't tell me there was nothing to worry about but she quoted some positive statistics which helped me to get through those first few weeks if this was school your chances would be an a .
she also encouraged me to stay on my anxiety medications which are relatively low risk .
i pushed for an ultrasound right at 8 weeks and saw the heartbeat and that the embryo was in the right spot which helped immensely .
each symptom i get also helps to reassure me as much as i 've hated having morning sickness 24/7 since week 6 it has reminded me that i am still pregnant and it 's a good sign .
also after having the miscarriage the first time — not having told anyone made it an extremely isolating experience ... this time around i chose to tell a few close friends and family as soon as i found out so if it came to the worst i would have support .
is yshtola worth mlbing right now that she 's awakened ?
i have her 15 and 35 with enough to mlb one .
i have eiko krile and lenna with their 15 mlb and 35s .
i did n't want to mention it because we do n't know the full story but she was fatally shot and police are still investigating .
she lived and worked as a botanist on a native reservation in arizona and there 's a lot of crime that goes on around that area .
she is n't someone who would participate in that sort of activity so the whole thing feels unfair .
first time we met was in the sierra nevada mountains of california .
she was a graduate student of my father and adored him .
i met her on a weekend visit on an excursion they called the death hike a long and treacherous hike involving scrambling over scree and boulders to find a rare plant .
she was a bubbly and friendly person and we bonded immediately .
i remember later that night when everyone was around the campfire her and i sang that colt 45 song by afroman lol .
we had a long friendship after that and got to see each other a few times a year .
after she moved to arizona i did n't get to see her more than once and it 's been about 2 years now .
she was one of the most indiscriminately loving people i 've ever met .
no coffee with the word notes in the description is a good coffee to get daily .
try reading the one and only stickied post ! !
hi there — first off congrats on getting started and we 're all cheering you on in this sub !
a really good place to start is with a structured exercise program .
these take the stress/worry out of planning one when you 're a newbie .
i 'd recommend stronglifts to start if you have access to a bar but run this one no longer than 3 months as it can become a bit much after a while .
it 's a 3 day a week program and the workouts generally take less than an hour .
then in 3 hours a week you can see some amazing results .
another popular one is strongcurves which has a body weight program that you can do if you do n't have a gym set up and can also be modified for 3 or 4 days a week depending on your schedule .
you can look at my post history to see how just that little bit of lifting really made a difference .
i 'm also an outside person so i give myself 3 hours a week in the gym and supplement with a good walk outside everyday .
finally you 'll see over and over again in this sub but start small .
make a routine at first that feels manageable perhaps even a little easy .
you want those easy wins first so you continue going and over time you 'll add more workouts and overall changes as you see fit .
other people produce switch games besides nintendo ... ... .. there have been some great ones this year .
i feel that at least a portion of what has been invested will actually be put to good use and maybe some improvements to transit are also taking place although i 'm uninformed on that end .
rio on the other hand was fully corrupt in the project and essentially nothing built for the games has benefited the city or gets much if any use .
olympic park in rio is abandoned and it is not a rich country .
i expect very good use of funds by tokyo considering how precious space is there .
i 've gained strength on keto with only three days of normal eating in five months .
once you 're fat-adapted lifting is no different than on carbs .
i can see losing strength if you once lifted heavy on carbs then switched to keto .
you can overcome the fatigue by utilizing caffeine exogenous ketones and mct oil for preworkout along with whey .
in fact the ketone salts have more effect on my endurance than glucose did i experimented with tkd it made no difference in my workouts .
for me it would be rinzen 's remix of monophonic by deadmau5 .
the only hardware synth he used was a moog sub 37 but he used it a lot and in very creative ways .
just throwing this out even though it 's not really useful in this case there 's an application called windirstat that lets you see graphically what the file allocations on your hdd/ssds are it 's pretty handy .
feel free to drop by whenever the cube is open generally open most of the day and just help yourself to hot water .
just be sure to let someone know if supply is getting low so we can refill it
oh man this started happening to me within the past year !
there are words in there that are n't italian like los .
i still find it a special kind of hilarious that she got in as a genius .
she got in on a genius visa for extraordinary ability .
i mean one from the other comment thread sleep and learn to self-edit .
i guess think of it as something like runescape where you have a bunch of different skills you could level up some of which are tightly connected some are loosely and some are n't at all .
some might be very interesting to you and some distasteful so focus on the ones you like .
try something like http sijinjoseph.com/programmer-competency-matrix http sijinjoseph.com/programmer-competency-matrix as something of a skills list .
kinda like orlando was for real in the beginning of last season ?
the first half of the season is almost meaningless .
i think having a bully get off your ass because you stood up to them is worth that risk .
you 'd almost think the republicans did n't control the executive branch the house the senate and the supreme court .
it 's the same postage but i ca n't be bothered with mailing things myself .
avoid anything with maltitol which most other low carb candy has .
i eventually shamefully used alfred to help draw aggro ...
do they not have a place on campus to vote like they did in 2016 ?
there 's absolutely tons of stuff in fallout 4 vanilla that ca n't be scrapped .
guarantee it 'll be one of the firsts to get posted .
also i never ran into any problems with that but i 'm not sure how you managed to build on an actual location since the game said i could n't build near anything ?
thank you i 'll keep all of those in mind !
i 've been eyeing some i 've been looking into getting petite clothing lately .
why dont i get matched with funny af people like this ?
he has 4 kids he wanted me to be the mother of and she 's in jail and the sex just could n't fix all that for me .
if there 's any other mythicals you want besides marshadow i can toss you a clone of each
i went to camp and fucked around with the clothing option and it went away
not sure if it would be faked but i just looked at it and there are reviews there saying that there are errors as well .
it 's just the nature of mass produced electronics that some will be faulty .
i 've ordered my micro sds from amazon and have n't had an issue but amazon is really great with returns and you can always return it if it 's not working .
the key is also to be careful on who is fulfilling the order .
like if it 's sandisk or amazon it 's way less likely to be fake but if it 's some third-party seller the chances are higher of it being fake .
so then you 're saying you 're a shit person who hangs out with shit people by your own accusation ?
i 'm a hunter with a family full of hunters .
i actually do n't know a single hunter that does n't eat what they hunt
give me a link with some stats to back up your argument and i 'll happily eat crow .
do n't assume that your experience is the norm .
yeah its an extremely serious and very scary thing unbelievable the lengths people will go for people they hate .
i really did not mean to diminish the severity and seriousness of the situation in any way i am sorry to those that interpreted it that way
some redditor needs to graph his manic episodes and his depressive episodes .
you have case law that a traffic stop is essentially a terry stop arizona v. johnson but what is interesting is that terry stops talk about frisking searching for weapons and nothing about confiscating them or otherwise disarming the person .
that being said at that point the police officer does have an articulateable belief that you are armed and dangerous as you have admitted that you are armed with a deadly weapon and will not comply with the officers request you then open yourself up to other things that an officer can do to you including but not limited to
directing a person to stand or remain standing or to sit on a patrol car bumper or any other place not of their choosing
directing a person to lie or sit on the ground
these examples listed are taken from section 6.220 of the seattle pd handbook
alysanne will not be harmed so long as i live. baelor 's voice became much softer .
i am keeping her in the red keep to protect her in case any seek to curry favour by killing the vassal of a traitor.
the fact that lord manderly had not arrived yet worried baelor and he hoped the young northman had not done something foolish .
lady naerys darry will be arriving shortly to take command .
she will watch over your lands while you accompany me.
after that sorensen wrist shot sharks went 4:16 without a shot 14:53 to 10:36
ammunition in the fn 509 as it could result in
he 's not the same person and it 's not a fresh show anymore .
people in this thread are just saying it 's good in comparison to recent episodes which have ranged from mediocre and boring to trash
i had one that was 8mm and they had to do surgery to break it up .
them packaged and willing to take on a bad contract could probably net us a 1st rounder
its just she lived on us for a long time .
i had a perfect record for mewtwo until the last day of him being available so now i 'm 12/14 and that may seem low compared to others but i also do n't get to raid very often .
i did n't play vanilla but i know and love scarlet monastery do you know if it will be easy to run it multiple times as alliance or will forming a group take hours because allies do n't want to spend so much time moving ?
danielle and jason flipping the vote to keep lisa on big brother 3 .
few votes have flipped the entire house dynamic to the degree that one did .
in one fell swoop they not only eliminated eric who was against them but also hung lisa 's allies out to dry by letting them vote to evict her which made it a three person flip roddy/chiara/josh lose both eric and lisa and danielle/jason gain lisa with one eviction and let danielle/jason/lisa run the entire rest of the season .
love those clamps on your nipples probably as much as you do .
there 's a reason that dangerous game is called well dangerous .
big-ass stampede animals are the scariest in my opinion because if you miss or another one is sufficiently scared or angry to charge there is not much out there capable of dropping such a large animal so quickly .
this is why any competent hunter of very dangerous game will have an assistant/guide with a stopping gun '' at the ready .
a very big very powerful very painful to shoot rifle designed to stop even the toughest and biggest animals on the planet .
but even if they kill it inertia can be a bitch .
well obviously you had no involvement with that project .
i think this is exactly what you 're looking for .
please just explain to me how did you managed to connect vulturing with afking ?
luckily my dad is military and moved to kapolei not far from pealr harbor where they have the best commissary for somewhat more reasonably groceries .
getting a costco in kapolei helped a lot too both for food and gas .
when i first moved to colorado in 2009 i was won over by how affordable the cost of living was for still a pretty nice place like beautiful outdoors .
unfortunately now its soooo expensive everywhere here that takes away the biggest draw for me to here besides my auntie .
if i 'm going to barely able to get by working full time i may as well be back on the islands !
have you started working in social work there ye for are you still just in school ?
as in do you think your cyclops now is related to your scar tissue removal a year ago ?
my mom also buys her meds fr mercury drug and she does n't get points when she uses her senior discount .
the calendars are free ata talaga if you ask when you purchase .
drink booze regularly and make sure you chew tobacco as needed .
cluster people so you take as few shots as needed on the head as quickly as you can .
the key is to fire off your dead eye quickly to drop groups of guys at once .
i did n't find revolvers useful until i got a second one .
until then non dead eye shotgun ends guys so quickly the auto aim did the rest
i was out of mats at the end i started with over 1k but the rocket wasted them all so unfortunately i could n't contest high ground but your first suggestion is definitely something i should have done .
i did n't notice the support being so weak in the moment .
i want more weapons like rat king that have benefits from being equipped by multiple teammates .
i wonder how 4 rat kings are in gambit actually ... .
older whiter less well-educated have lower incomes anti-trade favor taxing the rich those making over 250,000
to me it was just some food for thought .
goat simulator is more accurate than it 's given credit for .
i 've not bothered i have like a 1k bounty in one area and with such a high reward the bounty hunters search in massive packs with dogs and really fuck you up .
cant wait for rng to give me those sweet biceps and delicious pecs .
the chiseled abs full obliques and shaped delts were just too irresistable to handle .
all he 's missing is the flash 's voluptuous glutes and i 'd main him in every lane 24/7 .
finna zweihander my way through them towers with my 4th aa .
i am no mod but i am sure you need timestamps
and having worked with other people in the kitchen you probably get why those that even make it up to the position of chef '' get that way ?
the vote counting machines '' in oklahoma are just paper shredders .
for sure the folks with data caps are the ones really suffering here i 'd say it should merit some kind of compensation but ...
so what do i do as a thunder fan if i do n't think the cathartic tanking memes are funny ?
top 5 all time jordan the backwards swoosh is such a good touch i did n't like it at first but it really grew on me .
the white space is n't even noticable on foot ''
i think the rams are 1 at like 14-2 and the saints are 2 at 12-4 and then us at 3 at 11-5 .
i create a small fan site for some hobby i enjoy .
i personally am only fluent in english but i 'm still legally responsible for site content so i ask all users to post in english so that i can moderate .
many us citizens do n't speak english and many non-us citizens do .
let 's say a korean-language church in the united states decides to run a community forum .
they are n't in north or south korea so .kr does n't make sense .
but if .us is supposed to signify an english-speaking audience as you implied earlier that 's out too .
so if you get swatted for no reason they do n't pay for your door ?
in houston many of the mexican restaurants that are n't chains will serve lingua tacos if you ask for them .
as a 1 wr and potentially 15mm per year wr i 'll pass .
really happy we got out of that situation and got a 1st round pick .
i think you just have to accept the fact that he has a friendship with her and he was open to you about it which is a good thing .
if you do choose to do it again just have all the security ready .
i 've been scammed more than once and learned my lesson .
they 're most likely just using it to collect data and then the analysis will come much later if at all lol
i heard most of it is about his ex nomi who inspired him with the idea of the divine feminine '' besides cinderella which was about ariana .
ariana also confirmed this when someone brought up to her how the whole album was dedicated to her
definitley slower and more value oriented with the hero powers but they 're still aggro decks .
this interview https www.reddit.com/r/babymetal/comments/5ap4g3/kobametal_interview shows me also it was planned long time ago and not only a short thing of the abscence of yuichan .
new style of music new presentation on stage the lore or how kobametal said late 2016 so i feel necessary to update to a new version without being bound by their past image .
i keep seeing br posts in the stw sub feed all the freaking time !
i think this is certainly a possibility but i doubt craig 's ego would allow him to do something like that .
aka all the first home buyers locked out by soaring prices ?
there is a support level it may just be low enough that the downturn fits both definitions
i think this is the singlehanded most solid piece of advice i 've gotten from this post .
people are just getting tired of the circlejerk at this point its been months .
i 'm not arguing with you im just explaining the reality .
i remember seeing the sopranos on a e i just do n't remember what season/episode it was because it was long before i became a sopranos addict
i hate when i hear people on the sub say things like nobody else showed up but russ. yeah russ had a pretty good first half offensively .
he had a lot of timely buckets which we needed .
however russ made a lot of bad decisions which led to the offense looking stagnant .
russ is my favorite player nevertheless he has a bad habit of gaining tunnel vision after a few consecutive offensive scores .
but i think it was very evident this game .
also i 'm very well aware of the fact that really no one else is making shots other than russ and a few others .
so i got an old gopro 3 from my boss and i am hoping to set it up for live viewing .
the idea is that i want to be able to view what my 3d printer is doing when i am away from the house .
is there a way to connect to the gopro stream to my phone while being away from the camera 's wifi connection ?
try to close the launcher didnt fix for me but for some people this work
is that kid w the phone hoping to snap a pic of pewds ?
i 'm still waiting to hear how this is different from someone drawing a concealed gun when they feel threatened by a drunk guy twice their size moving towards them ?
as for interjecting himself into the argument it sounds like he was trying to get past a road being blocked by a couple cars stopped for no reason .
just an fyi paper requires an absurd amount of water to produce .
the smallest mills will use at least half a million gallons per day a lot of water gets recycled and reused but millions of gallons ultimately are not recycled .
it goes into things you touch everyday from paper towels tissues drywall and all forms of packaging
yes get help ... although many people going through addiction do not find it easy to share this problem for many reason .
when you get too good at surviving that you feel bored with life and rape nature for its sweet resources only to find yourself unable to survive your own nature .
i 'd like to hear all about it dear .
tell me how do you like to please a man and his cock how do you start usually ?
i do n't understand i 've been an skt/kr league fan since early 2013 .
although they cost alot now making money is also alot easier .
theres also agood amount of new items that looks awesome !
it is a threat now in gambit after the patch i tried it and seems strong .
i casually went invading without any heavy or super just used malf and got 3 kills on the first try .
also did my third army of one card with it .
normally i do not invade and i 'm not the greatest in pvp so it was great for me .
this cds are unfortunately mostly a dead platform in 2018 unless you install a cdr head unit but they will likely be a huge downgrade from 2019 infotainment
test drive is the best way to see if you like the car
keep trying it only took us 4 months 600 and 5 tech visits to repair our freezer on the fridge .
who do you think you are demanding me to delete my post
we loved your submission happy halloween ❤️ but it has been removed because it does n't quite abide by our rules which are located in the sidebar .
you might be able to make this pic into a meme by adding your own text like as a banner or macro adviceanimals style .
a social media context is also acceptible as social media posts are meant for massive sharing editing and re-sharing which is what makes a meme .
as it is now your post might be great in r/wholesomepics if it 's not already there !
for more on our rules please check out our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar .
the decision to remove this post was made by a human moderator if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwholesomememes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wholesomememes if you have any questions or concerns .
the camera is the least of your worries little fish
i really hope it sees this comment before it 's too late !
i havent been complaining on here but i consider myself good enough to get 20 points in an all console lobby .
its helping me get better llaying in these tournys tho
it 's a 510 thread.. should fit on many possibly batteries .
i 've used them on my smok alien 220w just make sure you turn your watts down to 6-8watts .
you really should cut all ties to him he 's probably seeing you as his back up plan .
move on plenty fish of the sea that are n't your ex .
he was a shitty person to you maybe not to her but he was to you so why would you want him in your life ?
i have an interview tomorrow but i 'm way underqualified i have n't learned about things like hash maps trees sorting algorithms linked lists etc .
pretty nervous but i guess there 's nothing really to do but to sucker through it .
i thought they were each demon level and saitama was just a lot weaker than in reality
i know it i 'm kinda in denial about my odd success
and that dearest redditors is the legend of shit-lips mckenzie and the brown note band .
imagine being able to say you beat roger gracie with a broken freakin arm .
i asked my best mate what his stance was if his 8 year old son punched a bully while being bullied .
he said he would love and support him and that sometimes doing the right thing in the situation carries consequences due to the rules in place .
his son is aware that his parent will support him fully for physically standing up for himself but it could also mean getting in a lot of trouble at schook .
upvoting because that 's cool but it does n't fit the sub
are you renting a shell '' or a location that was previously a store ?
i 've rented warehouse and retail locations both new an old .
old locations may or may not offer modifications very minimal and it depends on your lease .
new locations will typically build out for you but you 'll have to sign a long lease or pay a little more every month .
shit if you do renovations and update '' the place you could even negotiate a discount on your rent .
things like upgrading the lighting windows doors or anything that will stay when you leave .
a very clear example would be if you were renting a restaurant and the walk-in freezer needed to be replaced .
i own a small share of a restaurant and we negotiated a decent discount on rent for 5 years based on the fact that we were replacing a 15k walk in freezer .
there are a few partners in the businesses and not a single one of the thought to ask but i did .
tl dr talk to your landlord about your plans make them clear and use them to your advantage when you can .
just got ta slice it dice it and serve it medium rare .
now if i add this he 'll never part ways with me ever again ereshhappy
rules for thee but not for me never goes over well .
you can make any car resistant to corrosion with an aftermarket treatment many shops offer that .
you can get the scene again when everyone looks like lenny and arthur screams and freaks out
by the time he was back our bench just accepted that the only offense they ran was crawford iso into a contested long 2 .
it was one game i was toxic after the first two and my point was more that since it 's at the end of the season and not at the beginning the punishment is worse .
also i do n't need a lecture on what i should of done .
i 'm aware of what i should 've done but hindsight is 20/20
i do feel that that might be the case .
i absolutely agree that some has to do with people not being educated .
i knew a younger african american guy who worked for tips not waiting and would tip 10 at restaurants thinking that was the standard .
we told him it 's more 18 20 and he adjusted his tip
i want you to fire his dumb shitty ass !
i think the mother has the right idea she wants something for her son to have that is tangible and real .
i do n't think a psyche ward stay is going to make junior feel connected to his father .
but i think a handwritten letter about the good memories you had with john would be something the kid would enjoy .
telling him you think they look like twins and some things his father liked to do besides drugs .
did you guys do something fun together that led to some funny memories ?
i think sharing stories about john with his son is far more powerful than a bracelet .
i think you should spend some time writing down who john is why you fell in love with him and what he meant to you .
i would n't say anything that makes it sound like his mom was not valid .
but this kid is probably starved for a connection .
it you give him something else tangible i do n't think he will even want the bracelet .
if you 're having a bad day just look at this picture of a cat comforting '' a baby quack daddy .
the way publishing works is the publisher requests that the author grant them a licence to reproduce their intellectual property for the first time .
there are several different kinds of licences that an author can sell and each of these licences can be sold to different publishers without issue .
the most popular licence and therefore the most valuable is fnasr .
fnasr stands for first north american serial rights . ''
when you sell fnasr you are selling a publication the right to be the first in north america to publish the material once .
then unless you 've granted other rights or licenses as well all copyright to that material reverts back to the author .
once you 've sold or given away fnasr you can never sell it again for obvious reasons .
while the others do exist fnasr is king and when it 's gone it 's gone forever .
but as i said fnasr is not the only licence that can be sold .
other possible licences are first british rights first european rights and first australian rights to name just a few .
and all of these licences may be sold concurrently without any legal issue whatsoever since the boundaries and limitations of each of these licences are well established and recognized worldwide .
however since the early 90s a new kind of licence has emerged called first electronic rights .
selling this licence means that you grant a publisher the right to reproduce your poem on the internet for the first time .
by publishing on social media you are de facto granting reddit.com this licence and therefore it no longer exists to give or sell to anyone else .
now in theory this should n't interfere with fnasr or any other similar geographic-based licence .
but this has never been clearly tested by the courts so it 's unclear whether the legal limits of fnasr extend to and encompass first electronic rights or not .
if the two are entirely separate then no harm no foul .
but if any court ever ruled unambiguously that by publishing your work on a website which could be read on a computer screen physically located somewhere in north america then that work is considered published in north america '' then what that would mean is that by publishing your work online you would no longer have fnasr to sell .
it 's relatively unlikely that any court would rule quite as obtusely in favor of such broad unilateral inclusiveness as to essentially render first electronic licences as valueless sub-licences under a fnasr ... but the legal possibility does exist .
and since reckless decisions on this front could potentially lead to the kind of legal battle that most publishers do n't want to get anywhere near for something with as thin a profit margin as a poem most publishers just steer clear of poems that have previously been published online in order to err on the side of caution .
one way to make sure your work ca n't possibly become a legal liability for anyone interested in publishing it is to perform heavy edits to any piece you 've posted online before submitting it for publication under any fnasr or similar licence .
that way there 's no way it could be considered the same or a derivative work and can be legally considered a separate intellectual property with its own first electronic rights its own fnasr and the rest of the licences all legally available to be sold .
i mostly see people shitting on likrit for being toxic nowadays and saying he 'faked graciousness ' when he won .
i do n't know what the fuck they were remembering he legit said he was surprised by the praise because the only thing he was ever known for previously was being a super toxic high elo player on euw .
to get some use out of it before it goes into storage for a year haha
that reminds me need to harvest the rest of the peppers ...
you can talk all you want the chart does n't lie btc is the most stable coin of all .
the only one that can come close is monero .
rvn fits in the same category with doge and xrp pump dump .
a couple of months from now i 'll be buying your coins bellow 2 cents keep hodling .
it was n't originally intended for this but drop-away rooms that float along with it could work great !
yeah i wondered whether he 's been working on finishing with the left .
he could always do it some but it was near-exclusive tonight .
to be fair regular keys are n't that much more secure they can easily be copied by anyone who gets ahold of them or the lock could be picked with the right tools and some basic knowledge .
i 'm a programmer who cracked your email account and device about half year ago .
you entered a password on one of the insecure site you visited and i catched it .
your password from redacted nohaxplz .com on moment of crack hell0there
of course you can will change your password or already made it .
but it does n't matter my rat software update it every time .
please do n't try to contact me or find me it is impossible since i sent you an email from your email account .
through your e-mail i uploaded malicious code to your operation system .
i saved all of your contacts with friends colleagues relatives and a complete history of visits to the internet resources .
also i installed a rat software on your device and long tome spying for you .
you are not my only victim i usually lock devices and ask for a ransom .
but i was struck by the sites of intimate content that you very often visit .
i did not even know that such content could be so exciting !
so when you had fun on intime sites you know what i mean !
i made screenshot with using my program from your camera of yours device .
after that i jointed them to the content of the currently viewed site .
will be funny when i send these photos to your contacts !
but i 'm sure you do n't want it .
i will not do this if you pay me a little amount .
i think 896 is a nice price for it !
if you have difficulty with this ask google how to make a payment on a bitcoin wallet '' .
after receiving the above amount all your data will be immediately removed automatically .
my virus will also will be destroy itself from your operating system .
my trojan have auto alert after this email is looked i will be know it !
you have 2 days 48 hours for make a payment .
if this does not happen all your contacts will get crazy shots with your dirty life !
and so that you do not obstruct me your device will be locked also after 48 hours
various security services or antiviruses wo n't help you for sure i have already collected all your data .
just do not enter your passwords on unsafe sites !
shoot me but now that i think about it mabey they were n't trying to impress me
it 's not hard to make either but this is likely a lot more unique and unusual to most viewers than croquettes .
destroy me senpai is that what you say when you bend over in front of older asian men on the subway ?
does anyone know if mosquitoes are very rampant in tainan city now ?
to be honest lots of americans want to crawl back to military isolationism like 1900-1910 and 20s and 30s .
the majority of the panel dials can also be controlled via midi .
this makes it much more usable than the bass as a midi module .
the filter on the vbass has slightly more resonance scope and is probably a bit more characterful than the vkeys .
you appear to have submitted a common or unoriginal thought .
please remember that all submissions to r/showerthoughts must be original and unique .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason
rule 3 it is a repost from the last two months or top 100 posts of all time .
this can also apply if you are reposting constantly on popular submissions .
please try to avoid reposting as it does affect the subreddit and there are plenty of oddly satisfying things out there waiting to be found !
please read the sidebar for an outline of the rules and the wiki for further information .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foddlysatisfying
your submission was automatically removed because jlabexport.com is not an approved site .
please view our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/aww/wiki/index for approved domains and a full list of rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
you know on second thought too there are a lot of scenarios and bad results that mgmt just can not make whole family impact etc
you have the hidden gun in revelations flintlocks in the kenway saga and guns are also a part of unity and syndicate .
good place to make money if you 're the right type of person .
amway is legit in malaysia sg and america afaik .
they will usually prey on the vulnerable or bored housewives or those facing career/midlife crisis in desperate need for money to join the team .
personally not a fan and will stay away as far as i could .
and also wondering do human beings need so much supplements just to stay healthy and alive ?
i have an m9 and the battery is just trash .
i really love the designs of these phones but they overheat like crazy and they 're such a pain to replace the batteries .
i bought an pixel 3 and i hope that goes better .
as to your question i think my three years is pretty alright .
i bought the pixel knowing that i can trade it in for a newer model down the line .
imo phones are pretty much designed to fail or they fall so behind tech that it 's not really great to keep them after 2-3 years .
i ca n't wait for gaming on linux to get better .
i ca n't wait to move away from windows completely .
but they did n't charge him yet the assumption is that they would and then again uk police would grab him
imagine having so much abstraction that you are litterally speaking english to your computer .
lol currently has 141 champs and dota 2 has 116 heroes so that 's a 25 character difference .
even so there is more variety between dota 2 's heroes plus most of the heroes have existed for a long while now .
only a dozen or so heroes have been released over the past several years .
edit since the beginning of 2011 only 13 heroes have been released with 1 more to be added soon .
your comment has been removed due to the following reason
your comment was found to be uncivil and has been removed .
if you have any questions feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpathfinder_rpg
just once i 'd like one of these pigs to bring their own apple .
haha you do n't have a 5head but you are very cute
bruno caboclo will be two years away from being two years away .
mine did that for at least 5 times before working .
once i used an essence one that people used to rave about and it took about 2 hours to dry .
i know you only get what you pay for but i 'm half tempted to take a punt on one of those cheapy ones in ebay for starters 🤷
do you mean cool sites that alot of people miss out on ?
i always beat elder scrolls or fallout without mods first play through and it 's an amazing experience even with the glitches .
you 're also missing some amazing games if you only play those 2 company games .
but i reckon she may have had good reason to draw her weapon .
not by any use of force training in the country .
hearing tdh do a rendition of choke would be sick honestly
haha in all seriousness i 'm generally a very risk-averse person but i do love me some errsters .
well i did decide to pull for her after all after 60 tickets and 55k gems i have her 15cp mlb and 0 copies of her 35cp ... ... rip
btw dunno if im a slow reader but i had no chance of reading the text in the end without pausing p
why is your boyfriend picking the toy that goes inside you ?
do n't you mean current bagholders for tesla stock ?
i am not a chemist but ammonia likes to latch onto things at a molecular level odorants being one of them .
ammonia is a weak base so it 'll stick to acids and some of the stinking substances are weak acids so they react with ammonia and precipitate .
out of the air out of the mind the smell goes away .
new r/neoliberal/new is president trump far offtrack on birthright citizenship ?
replies to this comment will be removed please participate in the linked thread
i 'd do it regardless exactly because no one else could .
and there is still the option of doing it anonymously .
he/she could gather proof confront the bf and they could spread it together i guess the bf would really like some revenge .
why do you feel threatened by people who do n't eat any meat ?
only 18 prestiges and that high of a soul egg bonus ?
i have 13 prestiges and only 600,000 soul egg bonus .
i do n't have ikelos shotty so for me it 's most powerful mass reds and yellows clearing tool in the slot even before the buff .
shoot and forget if you can land charges for multikills it will be instantly reloaded and will also reload equipped kinetic weapon .
usually i 'm pairing it with rocket launcher for fast mass damage without reloading titan barrier .
it is not competitive with exotics from heavy slot but it 's close and special ammo finder seems to work at least .
with the second fastest attack speed for a sword and whirlwind blade it already wrecked bosses in pve .
i cant wait to see what havoc i can wreak after this patch .
per avere più info clicca qui https www.reddit.com/r/italy/wiki/help_titolo_da_variare info in english here
appellati https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/italy subject=sono 20stato 20moderato message 0aappellati 0a 0a 0a 0anon 20cancellare 20il 20link 0a 0a/r/italy/comments/9swuuy/bois_why_so_low appeal https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/italy subject=i 20have 20been 20moderated message 0aappeal 0a 0a 0a 0ado 20not 20delete 20the 20link 0a 0a/r/italy/comments/9swuuy/bois_why_so_low more info about me https www.reddit.com/r/italy/wiki/reddititalybotinfo
ah its quite pricy for a newbie to buy those cd in the initial stage of the game to get the full 60 mins regen
my initial idea was to add some conditions that alter the absorption rate to be higher while blocking and lower when not
when you have the improved wards perk your wards increase spell absorption with 30 for a total of 80 with the atronach stone .
blocking with a shield and the elemental protection perk gives you 50 elemental resistance reducing the problem of instant death when you spell absorption fails .
that does n't change the 'do or die ' mechanic of spell absorption .
you still need good elemental or magic resistance for those 25 cases .
here 's an article by npr starkist pleads guilty to price fixing in alleged collusion in canned tuna industry https www.npr.org/2018/10/19/658700764/starkist-pleads-guilty-to-price-fix-in-alleged-collusion-in-canned-tuna-industry
note the date of the article october 19th of this year .
in this conversation we 're discussing improving the firearm homicide rates in america as measured by current rates in america not the rest of the world .
specifically we were discussing the feasibility of new laws and their perceived real effects or lack thereof on the firearm homicide rates the ineffectiveness of the clinton-era awb and my belief that we need to provide more resources to the nics as it stands and enforce harsher punishments for failures to report on firearm ownership inelligibility factors domestic violence conviction felony dishonorable discharge etc to include to governmental agencies .
improper storage leading to a prohibited person gaining access a child gaining access due to improper storage which results in harm to another should result in charges to the owner possibly even a felony preventing them from further ownership .
people would take something which should be very serious to all gun owners proper security even more seriously after a few charges get laid and confiscations occur .
i have n't once said anything paranoid or delusional that you get from a lot of people on both sides of this argument .
what is it about logical calm and reasoned discourse that 's getting you and cowboy so upset ?
is it because i 'm not taking the bait and freaking out ?
i do n't know how old the two of you are but your reactions reek of this attitude displayed by some millennial thru gen z folks that you can invalidate someone else 's opinion by screaming them down or talking over them .
this is n't some old fudd talking about damn kids '' either i 'm in the age range i described .
now if you have nothing to offer to this conversation other than an immediate discarding of any of my points want to keep moving the goal posts or respond with an appeal to emotion or insults save yourself the time .
when you shoo a fly they always come back .
idk how smart an egret is but i 'm sure they 're smart enough to think twice about how fast that eagle can strike .
your submission has been removed because we do not allow redd.it link posts except for static images .
our spam controls get screwed up by the v.redd.it domain .
please use youtube to host videos or imgur/gfycat for gifs thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaming if you have any questions or concerns .
i doubt klay leaves but anything he says right now does n't mean shit
i ca n't think of a more important point this .
did kemba walker drag a heaping pile of manure to the finals ?
i mean would you prefer to have queer characters who are absolutely infallible and perfect in every way ?
most of the straight characters are just as fucked up as the examples you 've given here
do not delete this submission or any submission past or present for any reason or any of your comments .
any deletions will result in a ban from r/borrow .
if your request is fulfilled or you no longer need the money please do one or a combination of 1 edit your post to reflect the change 2 flair your post as 'complete ' the flair button is under the body text of the post and/or 3 make a comment that it 's no longer needed .
you are free to accept loans from users ineligible to use r/borrow though you do so at your own risk .
users are ineligible either because of not meeting account requirements or from being banned .
if you are uncomfortable accepting loans from ineligible users it is suggested that you make sure they 're eligible by having them comment on your request post before accepting a loan from them .
more information on why we suggest this can be found at this link https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/9l01ji/meta_borrowers_a_reminder_that_we_suggest_only ? .
loans made with ineligible/banned users will not be tracked by loansbot and you will not get credit or support for loans fulfilled by ineligible lenders so proceed at your own risk .
check to see if hegemon627 has a post deletion history https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=hegemon627 restrict_sr=on
check hegemon627 's spam history https www.reddit.com/r/thesefuckingaccounts/search ? q=hegemon627 sort=new restrict_sr=on snoopsnoo profile https snoopsnoo.com/u/hegemon627 and atomiks analyzer profile https atomiks.github.io/reddit-user-analyser hegemon627 !
do not respond to anyone via pm who requests your social security number or your country 's version of an identification number .
right now i 'm on the verge of a temporary transitional housing situation .
i 'm likely going to be out of my place by sunday if not sooner .
due to a misunderstanding with u-haul my bank account balance has been depeleted .
i have recently started up up a new job first day was yesterday however i 'm not going to receive my first check until the 9th .
this request is to hold me over until then so that i can cover my gas and minor living costs .
while i do n't have any stubs i can provide proof of employment .
lenders upon conclusion of this loan you can follow these links for prefilled posts regarding this loan paid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bpaid 5d 20 28/u/hegemon627 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28early/on 20time/late 29 message paid 20/u/hegemon627 late https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5blate 5d 20 28/u/hegemon627 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 unpaid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bunpaid 5d 20 28/u/hegemon627 29 20 28 23city 20state 20country 20of 20borrower 29 20 20 28 amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 message paid 20/u/hegemon627
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
love the recommendations seen half of em so i can attest you are spot on about those .
i eat highly plant based vegetarian but with occasional seafood .
approximate rate would be 85:15 of vegan foods to everything else yogurt cheese seafood .
once we as a society make that transition i 'm guessing those 10-20 percent could be filled with insectivore food items for b12 and essential fatty acids .
i love and respect vegan diet but due to way food is produced and treated it can not sustain you without b12 supplements .
it is less of an issue in parts of the world where food is less sterile and more contaminated with herbivore and insect fecal matter .
but that is hardly palatable idea and comes with the serious risk of parasite infections .
vegans should be aware of this issue and should also be aware that very few people are capable of synthesizing significant amounts of epa and dha essential fatty acids on their own .
supplementing them via algal oil is an excellent idea if you eat exclusively vegan .
as for b12 it is actually produced in our digestive system but too late to utilize it .
yes we could supplement it in a way nobody at their right mind would do .
edit wanted to add i highly despise keto diet and believe one should avoid it unless they have type 2 diabetes or belong to inuit population .
it is good for regulating blood sugar but so is any balanced diet style yet it comes with the hard price of being extremely heavy on liver and kidneys .
you can only have one copy of a nonbasic land card in edh
the information google collects with the captchas goes into developing things like self driving cars whereas other captchas may not be using the information gathered with them for good .
it goes towards targeting ads to make you buy things
i did this and the asian man just look and said you know this is n't going to work right ? ''
i got mad and shot him in the face .
robbed him and had to run from the law .
i would like to see armoured vehicles limited to a maximum of 2/3 per side maybe ?
so if you are trying to call a tank in you have to wait until one of the currently active tanks are destroyed before the game allows the next armoured vehicle to be called in .
also somebody came up with a great idea i though here on reddit about the fact that you should n't accumulate battlepoints while in a tank people call in the 1st tank and get that many kills and point caps that they already have enough to call a tank straight back in when they die they spend the whole game in a tank racking up 70-80 kills .
and yes i agree they need to do something with the rpg 's .
some things to note after my first busking session with it
love that you can eq on your mobile device so its easier to monitor the sound as you adjust
when you plug in your guitar the volume is much lower and you 'd need some sort of preamp to get a volume that matches a microphone plugged in
you can not use the aux in port to connect a mixer .
there 's a latency that 's akin to bluetooth audio .
i presume it 's due to them sharing the same channel .
if you want to connect a mixer to extend your inputs you 'd have to consume one of the combo xlr/trs ports
so far i 've only tried it with 1 guitar and 1 vocal in and it is loud and clear enough even during a busy evening in the train station .
next up i will try out connecting a 6 channel mixer to see how it manages additional vocals .
i 'll take some videos the next time i head out to busk again
i do n't know what everyone else here is talking about but the reason it 's not boosting to 4.1 ghz is because you 're stressing all cores .
also make sure you 're using either ryzen master or hwinfo64 to check the clock .
my family was not religious at all we probably only prayed for like once a year lol .
but i took them for granted because of our financial problems i blamed them for everything i did n't have as a kid but not until a year ago when i started living with my conservative muslim family-in-law total nightmare that it dawned on me how lucky i am to have my parents .
husband 's family is hostile parents are pushy even towards me their only dil their kids disrespect every chance they get .
oh let 's not even talk about the quarrels they have at home on a daily basis .
they scream at each other from one room to another .
his parents do n't really encourage his sisters to be successful on their own .
all they want for the sisters is to find a rich handsome guy .
i did n't even know there 's such a thing as segregated family gathering/party until i went to one .
men and women are not allowed to simply mix around during a social event .
omg sorry for the rant and i may have gone a little off topic there .
do n't bother the format typing on the phone .
you might have been something below in this thread i wrote which has my opinions on that
i was actually going to comment some people just prefer to not be vaccinated and have their own personal reason as to why ... . then i saw the flag in the background omegalul
agree my favourite b-sides were from suck it and see .
considering it 's the us government that told us osama was found in pakistan why do you believe that ?
of course he miss a 1:1 scale stop signal sticked to his face
i randomly found this too its just north west of emerald ranch .
the only thing you have is a sort of arathi basin-like game mode with 3 points to capture each one gives you 1 point/sec+5points per kill .
unfortunatelly you dont have arena like ranked gamemodes although you have a 2v2 that a.net https a.net is trying to give a shot .
builds are way different from wow 's specs with one build you cant 1v1 every class in the game each build needs to have something to aim to burst mobility tanky af or just play mesmer .
in a broader spectrum in wvw you wont have as much fun as in a bg or world pvp unless you like watching 50 dudes waiting for one warrior skill you can always try roaming there wich is more like a walking sim and it ai n't helpfull to the overall server ranking .
the community of pvp has a consistent payerbase constituted by 2 sets of people the very good players that never left the game and very bad players that think that core ranger is op .
therefore your game experience should be like 500-50 or 50-500 sometimes you 'll have fun games that are actually close .
build wise you should just you the meta those builds are just so much better than the second best one for your class .
the community tends not to be toxic with some exceptions .
you wont have much reform on the pvp part of the game since i feel that arenanet is more concerned about spending their budget in living world and mount skins .
the trading post is sort of an auction from wow but it just eats 15 of your total income because inflation ad economics and yeah you can sell stuff and buy it from anywhere you just need to pick the items goldies up .
leveling is quite quick just throw 15 at the game buy hot from one of those 3rd party sellers and get a lvl 80 boost .
it probably has the lowest dps in the game and affliction is the only viable spec .
as for shaman iguess negromancer or elementalist although ele is more like a mage tbh .
just my sincere thoughts from a dude that plays gw2 since 2k13 loves the game 8k hours .
many people here are dismissing the idea but i think they are doing so too quickly .
your presentation of the data depends on what the data is and how complicated the filtering your asking them to do it .
c-suite folks definitely do n't want a filter than makes them select 14 different options and have to google your tab names online to figure out how they work .
but if you can create a simple interface that quickly manipulates data as they select key functions they in particular are curious about there is no reason a filter ca n't work .
if malwarebytes and hitmanpro wo n't help then try with kaspersky free
that would be a good solution if you could store the snapshot off-device automatically ... say if you could define a mount or s3 bucket or something .
thanks i thought i was sounding a bit annoying but apparently not p
sounds interesting i 'll check it out when i have more time
buying a monitor above 60hz for the purpose of using a console on it is literally throwing away money because the monitor is capped to 60hz essentially .
i 'll pm you the code and add your fc .
i 'm hyped and certainly down for some deviances .
no we did n't have the chillies so i just made my own one up .
you 'd hate to be my kid because i would try to protect you from child molesters and seeing a murder ?
you 'd hate to live by a moral code because you have fantasies of permissable murder .
he clears buffs when you use an atk boost but he also limits you to one special per turn so you would n't be able to use ace like i said in an earlier comment sorry
the facelift made the 9-3ng stand out so much more and it was one of the first cars to have that sharp looking headlights combined with the grille it has a more aggressive look .
makes you wonder where saab could have been today smaller turbo engines currently being the norm in europe and hatches more popular than ever .
i can still dream about a new three and five door 9-3 hatch with the lines of a gt or coupe combining sportivity and practically .
i think the audi s5 sportback comes closest to what i have in mind it 's just that i seriously loathe anything vag .
it 's undeniably an act of kindness and contrasts a view perceived by a too many .
no one should be able to hurt another without beinf hurt themself
this game is starting to sound like star wars battlefront 2 with the bugs the updates that continually break stuff and a terrible system for progression at launch black market
this should always be everyone 's first thought when something like this happens
just throw them all in a imgur album and i can check this rq
unfortunately your submission was removed because we only allow one post per week .
you submitted m4f hongkong lay back bend over squat above al three .
if you believe this was done in error for example if a moderator asked you to re-submit please report this comment with an explanation or message the moderators of randomactsofmuffdive https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frandomactsofmuffdive subject=post rate limit exemption message=hi please approve my re-submission of this removed post https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/comments/9rre11/m4f_hongkong_lay_back_bend_over_squat_above_al .
i do n't understand his plan if it was just marketing .
no one seems to give a fuck about fb tho they missed revenue and decreased guidance yet they 're up another 4 pre market ?
when the fucking ceo of the company says there 's gon na be a rough road ahead and the stock goes up that blows my mind
doubt it was in the size shown in the picture 😂
i have balotelli and pepe pepe is more an investment .
i was thinking they might change tonight it been halloween and all
i have an opportunity to trade mack for kenan allen..
thinking about pulling the trigger.. also have gordon conner ingram drake and howard at rb .
but my wr are studs too with boyd sanders and jeffery .
i would have much preferred a co-op fallout shooter a la borderlands over a pvp focused game .
best catch and shoot my player in the history of the game .
i came online yesterday to find merc obj had been replaced with merc deathmatch .
if communism requires abolition of social class and there are social classes in these societies how are they communist
from level 110 0 to level 120 you need 8 462 150 xp .
apparently he has 1848 hours on his character so that 's 457 flowers per hour .
once you get around to making a team that can auto most of toah it wont be your last time .
honestly shaina maruna with gany would be a solid core .
literally said he 's not a reviewer by any means in the 2nd line .
this seems to be a more refreshing honest critique on a device not some bs youtube shill reviewer that just wants to keep the free shit coming .
whats insulting is that bigger companies go to improve a device or make a v2 and fuck it up just as bad as the original or worse since they failed to hear their customers over all the fangirl reviews that never touch base on the issues a device actually has .
side note seriously you 're taking the time to whine about him not posting specs when you and the other whiners on here could have easily opened google and searched it in less time than it took you to post lmfao .
dont forget they were the first to save all the jews from the nazi scum❤
but ... ... .*but ... . all i wanted to do was get my game on while simultaneously informing my opponent what time it is ... ..
i 'm scared that the black market has turned spice into a different beast altogether
spice began as a legal alternative '' to weed but it is so strong these days it 's effects look more similar to ketamine .
i think the concentrations of synthetic cannabinoid they contain can be something like 100x stronger than natural weed which is just obscene .
walking around lincoln and seeing spice heads completely out of it they look more like they 've k-holed than had a joint .
this would have never happened if weed had been legal as there would have been no gap in the market for spice to fill .
now it 's too strong to be replaced by weed and as you say has become it 's own beast .
i 've played just as long and i have 12
are there mmos which are forcing you to do daily stuff though ?
i 'm long time mmo player and i never felt forced to do daily stuff .
quite opposite i dislike that concept so i never choosing to do it .
yeah it was a glitch thank you both for the help .
the stock has been a great buy the past years .
i started dipping my toes in at 70 and bought more as it went up .
assistant to the prop master here ... .usually when we buy money for movies there is like a 1 inch difference between the prop money and the real ones .
when i get back to pr and start working again i can pop out the old money box full of prop money .
i do n't have anyone to tell to speak to that 's the problem .
it 's not that my parents do n't care about me but they do n't know what to do in this situation so they 're passive .
i once wanted kids one day but i guess that 'll never happen i do n't know if i 'm suitable .
i 'm afraid i 'll stay alone all my life too unable to find a partner i 'm not attractive i 'm told so .
i 'm also afraid there 're not much reasons to get kids anymore we 're screwing this planet so badly that we 're probably some of the very last generations of humans life at all here .
we had a discussion during an adnd session of the strength of spells with gesture components depend on the size of the gesture .
we ended the evening when we thought about finding a troll wizard to see how strong his fireballs get .
the thought was if i am shackled i can not use spells that need gestures why is it so ?
maybe i can cast them but the effect is just diminutive ?
are power words shouted as loudly as possible more effective than whispered ones ?
maybe you could test her reaction to a similar gesture ?
75 hydration with 75 of that being tomato water .
the ruleset is perfect for kikuno he has become their poster boi .
mongolian sumo senegalese boxers calcio storico specialists yakuza fighters moat fighting has all the next level martial art styles competing
it has to be the lion elephants are n't cats
imply a predominantly hispanic problem as a strictly asian problem and try to win asian peoples ' minds to have them support other races but themselves yet again .
meanwhile your cronies on top are actively engaging in campaigns that emasculate and slander asian men and brainwash the women into hating their own family while destabilizing asia so they can have more access to 20 year old second wives when they become pruny 50 year olds .
i would play the tape forward as they say .
imagine you 're looking back at your wedding and honeymoon and weigh the consequences of drinking or not drinking .
if you drink you really let loose at the wedding maybe black out bender continues on honeymoon and some choices/arguments sour the trip .
maybe your husband confides to friends everything was going so great then she starts drinking at the wedding and was n't able to regain sobriety ... .
if you do n't drink you remember everything about your special day and trip clear as a bell .
people drink and maybe enjoy themselves at the wedding but there are a couple who take to too far and show their asses .
the honeymoon is fantastic and you and your husband really connect because you are present with him not obsessing over booze .
of course this is hypothetical because i do n't know you but maybe the though experiment concept will be useful ?
1 you 're conveniently ignoring all violence short of murder .
2 at least we 're not as bad as the nazis is a low bar to set
edit if i lose the bid then i 'd be interested in piplup then .
i have to be doing something even if it 's just reading or playing a game
whoever was resting on the bed was compelled rather quickly to get up/wake up and play .
or are you suggesting that if someone loves their child that makes them a paedophile ?
yeah i never thought of it like that but it makes sense with the trend of f2p games and their roll the dice '' mechanics .
these mod packs could definitely make new players think they 'll have to buy mods from the market and waste valuable play they should have used to buy color packs and inventory slots instead .
put tristan in too and spam undeath to death ?
he had visions before his death which was at the end of the hh but this vision is of the future after the heresy .
i 'm not sure what your point is honestly .
it 's the word sweety that 's changed not try hard .
kind of an intentional misspelling iirc it started with r/oldpeoplefacebook but that 's just where i personally saw it used first
wait this sounds as if you were still playing for victory of life and only recently took a break ?
that is really not a long time for a break .
a break can take many months or even years !
at least that 's how long my break lasted i think when i left cryptic had just started rolling out those tier 2-to tier 4 refits and the romulan expansion was n't even launched yet and i came back with the dyson sphere .
so i just got new bands for my braces today and i suddenly got consused as to what position my right band is supposed to be in .
are all rubber bands for braces placed symmetrically on both sides ?
or am i going to have to call my orthodontist ?
going to a costume party and i need a meme to be hahah someone help i ca n't decide need something meme normies will recognize .
any word if the rams game will get flexed out ?
i 've been in a relationship with another girl for almost 4 years now .
betcha a lot of you know where this is going .
but my oldest sister converted when she was in high school .
she always wanted to fit in and we grew up in a mormon town in nevada .
she converted so her friends would n't leave her .
then she made a series of decisions because she wanted to be accepted by her mormon friends who were always one step ahead of her who always wanted more of her ...
she drifted from the church for awhile due to who her husband is .
i ca n't go into details and do n't ask .
but after her second son was born a bishop visited and suddenly revived her faith .
i did n't know about the nasty comments oaks made until i saw a post on fb from a different friend talking about the suicides ...
she was one of the first ones i told along with my second oldest sister .
but this conference made her grow in her faith .
a post that says this to people offended by pres .
oaks ' comments 'you ca n't handle the truth ! ' ''
she 's always shared those tumblr screencaps of posts supporting lgbt folk .
but now i realize she did n't mean it .
that the support is just a face one of those i think you 're sinful but i 'll support you anyways '' sort of deals .
she is the one in the best position to denounce oaks ' words but instead she supports him .
a friend said i should cut her off for my own health but i ca n't just do that .
she 's in the family chat and i 'm close to my nephews .
and i 'd get shit from my family for doing that the parts of my family i love and respect .
honestly it 's sad it took this for her to realize she should be paying attention to her 2 month old more but whatever .
owning a home has great financial benefits yet many continue to rent !
today let 's look at the financial reasons why owning a home of your own has been a part of the american dream for the entirety of america 's existence .
i want the user to input a number into a text box that i can then multiply with other numbers inputted by the user .
this is my first app and i 'm having some trouble with this .
should florb 's flair on r/army be reagan-reborn of the spirit of nixon ?
i 've got an asus rog fx502v that intermittently would n't charge then stopped charging altogether .
replaced the battery still wo n't boot no indicator led 's turn on and no power being drawn according to my kill-a-watt meter .
replaced the cord/power supply still no signs of life .
charging port looks fine has no play in it .
is this worth taking to a pc repair place ?
it has a gtx 1060 hate to see it die ... thanks in advance for any help .
i have been doing quickride for some time now and have accumulated some paytm cash from that .
i checked couple of pumps but they do n't accept paytm .
a crowd from all around aoraki has gathered in nelson to listen to supersteef2000 .
curious students look outside to see what is going on .
people of aoraki i am here today for a simple reason to announce socialist aotearoa 's endorsement in aoraki .
you might have expected us to endorse u/drunk_king_robert and i assume many of you have therefore decided to vote for them this election .
while the pacific union party is a party very close to our own ideals they are simply no match for u/winston_wilhelmus .
if we want to keep the fascists and reactionaries out of parliament we will have to remain a united left wing .
it is for this reason that we have decided to endorse not u/drunk_king_robert but u/imnofox .
as the co-leader of the green party and the currently highest polling left-wing candidate here in aoraki we believe they have what it takes to win over this electorate .
u/imnofox is not too far from our own ideals they want to protect the environment and help the poor .
he supports subsidies for unions decriminalisation of all drugs and a republic referendum .
when voting this election remember that it is not just a question of who you prefer but also one of who has a chance at winning .
u/imnofox is a left-wing candidate with beliefs similar to us and that is why he has socialist aotearoa 's endorsement this election .
it is important to keep the fascists out of aoraki and only a vote for u/imnofox will do that .
i thank you all for your time and remember to vote for u/imnofox this election .
the crowd and the students in the school cheer in excitement .
he waves to the crowd and the students inside as he leaves to continue his campaign .
when you play kirby 's dreamland 2 on a gameboy color you get a specific palette automatically but the colors are wrong in gambatte .
i 've tried the gbc and auto color mode settings but neither work .
when i tried it in mgba it just plays in greyscale .
i know there are more gba cores so i may tried those .
i feel like will ferrell in anchorman trapped in a glass box of emotion
idk if this is safe bc someone could steal my essay buuuut i 'm open to new ideas .
i need help developing my essay and revising it i 'm a p decent writer but it 's hard for me to talk about myself so if someone wants to critique my essay i 'm down to return the favor
so houndish and some other youtubers have talked about how gaunt might be the exo we see in the black armory trailers/previews as he 's mentioned in destiny 1 as a gunsmith on the 77 wizard fusion rifle .
my question is do exo 's who do n't have any memory resets contain a number in their name ?
these guys are fresh from the deep stone crypt no resets because their minds have done pretty well in adjusting do they have the number in their name ?
i 'm totally new to reddit so forgive me if i stumble in explaining this concisely or if this type of thing is super common and i 'm just not digging deep enough in the threads to find an answer ?
brief preface about me/my shop i 'm a new-ish seller but i feel pretty established in that i 've made 30-ish sales have a systemized production process and established branding a logo custom stamps packaging etc and have received excellent ratings so far .
i pride myself in providing excellent service to my buyers go out of my way to create a personalized unique experience for each person who orders from me i write to them personally i made custom pinback buttons to accompany each order i provide a coupon code with every first order etc .
that said i had my first big international order placed from the uk almost 300 worth of custom framed insects .
however they were sent back to me almost a month later because according to royal mail they were not called for '' .
for those of you familiar with customs fees this essentially means they did n't pick up their package which had incurred customs fees upon entering their country .
i sent a super long exhaustively apologetic message that basically stated i 'm so sorry but i 'm not responsible for these fees and/or the package not being picked up .
i 'd love to find a way to try and get them to you especially because they 're custom-made . ''
they who have been weirdly short/curt and very slow to respond said i 'd like a refund thnx ''
ahem i really wish i could refund you but again unfortunately i 'm not responsible for the package being sent back as i did everything on my end to get them to you and have no control over customs fees .
i 'd be willing to negotiate a partial refund or would otherwise like to figure out a way to get them to you but i unfortunately can not give you a full refund . ''
two weeks later i think i replied but incase you did n't get it .
in my humble opinion it 'd be sort of bullshit for me to pay to ship these out to them again .
so my question to you all is how do i best say great !
i 'd love to get this purchase to you but you 'll need to pay for shipping .
the reason i 'm even sending it again is not due to any error of my own nor any error from the postal service . ''
or what should i otherwise do and/or what other options do you think i could offer ?
i made them custom things i shipped the things properly and on time
the things made it to the uk but incurred roughly 20 in customs fees .
the customer did n't pay the fees respond to attempts made by the royal mail to contact them or pick up their package .
i said ok so i 'd like to send these to you somehow cause they 're custom-made and just wtf ''
i said uhhhh no how about a partial refund or i try to send them again ''
they said ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..ok send them back . ''
non-acknowledgement of shipping fees to do this all over again
me uhhhhh how the f do i not lose money on this now/escape this slow circle of hell ? ''
it 's really incredibly frustrating as you might imagine .
i work a minimum-wage job and work extremely hard to make these pieces so the amount of money and effort expended in making my store function makes this whole thing all the more stressful .
any and all help opinions validation empathy appropriate reaction gifs would be very much appreciated .
mixin platform will be incorporated with an attack resistance feature and this will come in the form of a key that will be generated and used on the system .
mixin platform is also said to be a leak proof system coupled with the fact that it harbours a pos as well as a distributed nature of both domain nodes and kernel modes as well which serves as an enforcement by intel sgx .
and these generated keys to be used on the platform will be safe from loss due to the fact there will be high distributed key replication process on the system .
karambit doppler 0.007 p3 b/o 125 keys 130 keys in items
sports superconductor ft 160 keys 165 keys in items .
karambit doppler p4 bta b/o 140 keys 145 keys in items
no hydra and revolver keys we can discuss if u have those usually i would do the bots ratio for chroma 's or falchion keys .
hello can anyone photoshop alan sugars face onto a teddy bear .
i have a university account with 1tb of storage and i have my personal windows user with 5gb of storage .
it would make my life a lot easier if i could look at both in the same place .
timezone aest australian eastern standard time utc 10 or 11 depending on daylight savings
i 'm generally available after 7pm on weeknights and after 3pm on weekends .
if there is no way these times will work for you in your time zone let me know and i 'll do my best to find a time that 's okay for both of us .
fyi my 3ds can sometimes have a very unstable internet connection and while this is almost always resolved within 10 minutes i will always use the reddit mobile app to notify of any connection issues asap .
i have too many games to fit in the flair character limit so my threads will all be cross-linked .
archive threads will be found at the bottom of each relevant tsv thread .
my other gen 7 threads 1199 m https redd.it/9l9gik 4090 us https redd.it/9l9zhb 2665 um https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/comments/a8q6rl/2665 .
for whatever reason my fiance hates the usual wedding exit when the guests line up at the exit hold sparklers/bubbles/whatever and cheer as the couple runs through the lines and into the getaway car .
i 'm not sure what his issue with it is but alas it 's how he feels .
has anyone seen or can anyone think of other creative ways to end a wedding ?
i think leaving without telling our guests would be rude but i 'm not sure how a couple goes about getting out of there without a big to-do about it all .
tl dr looking for anecdotes from people in similar situation i need to keep my critical thinking creativity and be focus what have helped you the most ?
i suffer from anxiety and usually in an alert state .
i 've been suffering from adhd for my whole life most of the time i have n't treated it but developed ways to go around it .
i 've been working on traumas i suffer from for 5 years now and i need to be able to focus at my work or i 'll loose my work .
usually when i 'm trying to focus i get anxious and nervous or start forgetting/loose concetration it is very hard to stay on one task and memorize what i need to read or connect the dots .
i 've tried ritalin and concerta in the past but i also suffered from severe anxiety back than so who known how it might prevented me from actually focus with them .
i will soon be prescribed with adderral which is something i 'm against it can interact with my traumas and put me in a zombie mode can anyone share his results with traumas and medications ?
i want to stay creative in order to work i 'm in the tech/product industry and ca n't turn into a zombie '' .
randomly decided to learn this beautiful theme on the guitar wrote down the tabs for it in case anyone is interested https pastebin.com/rbdjcdkn https pastebin.com/rbdjcdkn does n't include the lead melodies but those are easy enough to figure out by fretting .
based on https soundcloud.com/joshmancell/jakdax2-deserted-city ? in=joshmancell/sets/music-for-video-games-jak https soundcloud.com/joshmancell/jakdax2-deserted-city ? in=joshmancell/sets/music-for-video-games-jak all credit goes to josh mancell he deserves more praise than he gets .
edit here 's an interactive version of the tab from songsterr !
https www.songsterr.com/a/wsa/josh-mancell-deserted-city-tab-s446249t0 https www.songsterr.com/a/wsa/josh-mancell-deserted-city-tab-s446249t0 unfortunately i could n't get the tempo quite right i think it might need to be bumped up another 50 but i ca n't figure out songsterr 's tempo stuff .
here is the link banggood xiaomi mi8 6/128gb blue hk https www.banggood.com/xiaomi-mi8-mi-8-6_21-inch-6gb-ram-128gb-rom-snapdragon-845-octa-core-4g-smartphone-p-1303933.html ? id=229 cur_warehouse=hk p=h320105094792201606n utm_campaign=couponsfromchina utm_content=3312
the average price for one item currently is 444.16 and the lowest in my database is 404.99 on 28.9.2018 .
of course if you want current coupons and e-mail price alerts for xiaomi mi8 6/128gb blue then you can just go to the couponsfromchina product page .
here is the link banggood xiaomi mi8 6/128gb blue hk https www.banggood.com/xiaomi-mi8-mi-8-6_21-inch-6gb-ram-128gb-rom-snapdragon-845-octa-core-4g-smartphone-p-1303933.html ? id=229 cur_warehouse=hk p=h320105094792201606n utm_campaign=couponsfromchina utm_content=3312
the average price for one item currently is 444.16 and the lowest in my database is 404.99 on 28.9.2018 .
of course if you want current coupons and e-mail price alerts for xiaomi mi8 6/128gb blue then you can just go to the couponsfromchina product page .
add the bot type ! help in chat to get started .
information about commands prices stock how to use the bot is listed on bot 's steam profile info box .
owner 's steam profile if you face any issues http steamcommunity.com/id/infernoluciferum
i am looking for card set suppliers who can supply trading card sets on regular basis .
i just opened a foreign file and i want to work with it but i have no idea how to understand this weird scale .
is there any way to change it and could someone maybe even explain me what this other weird 1'-0 '' means ?
i still really love the netflix show but i ca n't help to say that the jokes while still funny are not as politically incorrect as the norm macdonald live online show ?
i 'm a monitor noob and i want to make the switch to a 27 '' .
i 'm debating whether to get 1440p or 1080p .
i know the xbox one s supports 1440p but its basically just upscaled 1080p .
might be a stupid question but which would look better
a 27 '' 2560x1440 thats been upscaled from 1080 .
a 27 '' 1920x1080 with lower pixel density but supports the native 1080p resolution with no upscaling .
for reference i 've been looking at 1440p 144hz va or ips monitors like the pixio px277 viotek gn27d and mbest mb279qr144 but i 'm starting to think these are overkill for console gaming .
especially since the one s doesnt even support 144hz .
would the 1440p be worth 100 more than the 1080p ?
will i benefit at all from a 1440p 144hz monitor on an xbox one s ?
i have the wild cards but it wo n't let me craft cards .
i search for the card i have a wildcard for it .
i get the menu that asks me to cancel or confirm crafting the card and click confirm the animation happens but a wildcard is n't used and i do n't gain the card i just crafted .
i 'm getting the following error when trying to install said game while using firefox
it says i have to either install an app or create an association in the default app settings .
the thing is i do n't know what the hell i 'm supposed to install or what file type do i need to associate .
edit windows app store was missing from my pc .
i apologize beforehand if i suck at explaining things but i 'm a single mom who ca n't afford a mechanic so i have to do this myself .
a few weeks ago i was an idiot and drive through water while trying to get home .
it stalled and people around me told me to try to start it i know mistake 1 it was pushed back home by some neighbors and i let it sit to dry out .
over the next few days i would go out once a day to try to start it but it wo n't even turn over .
the lights turn on and when i turn the key it makes a humming sound .
i know nothing about cars so i do n't know what to do or even where to begin .
they have consistently been in my top 3 favorite bands since i really began obsessing over their music around 2014 though i had heard many songs i.e a favor house welcome home the suffering and a lot of sstb when i was younger because of my siblings i just never truly appreciated the nuance of their sound until 2014-ish and i really have been enjoying the new record .
i 'll start this post with my personal tier-listing of the albums with a little context as to why i feel how i do about them .
i do n't like every one of their albums .
however i do appreciate them all and how they helped the band to grow so i am in no way trying to insult anyone if the songs/records i do n't enjoy really resonate with people as i know they do !
after that i 'll go into my thoughts on each vaxis track and then where i think the whole record fits in my mind !
this 'll be a long post so buckle in though i 'm sure you 'll all skip about the post and read certain tid-bits which is totally fair !
an incredible blend of volatile punk and progressive sensibilities it all feels raw and flows super well together .
it is mechanically incredible i just love it front to back .
delirium trigger is my favorite coheed jam while time consumer everything evil and neverender are other all-time favorites .
ga1 truthfully i only rank this higher than ikkse3 on this list because of the fucking perfect production quality the willing well suite and just how cohesive the album is .
however i do feel like a lot of the songs feel a little samey .
particularly i think mother may i is a bland cut apollo i just feels unnecessary and i 've just never enjoyed ballads so wake up falls flat for me .
everything else is fucking bonkers good sounding massive and just brilliant .
iksse3 i adore the majority of this album it 's another slick mixture of pop-punk and prog .
the flow of the album is a little strange start to finish but it does n't hamper the feel too much and the production is just almost there i wish everything hit a lil harder .
not a super fan of the light and the glass as a finale as it 's a little cringey on the emotional scale so it 's just middle of the road for me but i still enjoy its ebbs and flows .
brilliant stripping back to just a crushing hard rock and prog sound .
the fucking guitars rip your face off in this album .
it 's definitely overproduced but it works narratively with every instrument going off like a cannon for the story 's finale .
i 'm not a fan of justice in murder and iv the road and the damned fucking ghost rider lol though the song does feel alright narratively .
it 's a suitable sequel to ga1 i particularly love the title track and mother superior .
ta d this is where the albums really dip for me .
i enjoy about half the songs on descension but the rest are bland .
and all the songs feel like they drag a bit even the ones i enjoy .
the production sounds oddly synthetic and plastic i do n't know how else to explain it but it 's not absolutely terrible .
i enjoy number city because it 's one of the few experimental pieces that grooves and works .
i also really like sentry the defiant brilliant lyrics and an interesting musical feel and the hard sell just good heavy stuff .
tcbts i actually enjoy a bit of tcbts and respect claudio and coheed as a whole for what they tried here .
i feel like if the production was weirdly off like the guitars just do n't quite sound right .
i enjoy atlas island here to mars and you 've got spirit kid though they 're all a bit cheesy .
i do n't love any of the album really and the rest is just middle of the road .
ta a i really do n't enjoy this album .
the synthetic weird production is there and most of the songs just feel uninspired and draaaaag like crazy to me like most of the songs feel tired the structures are samey and the songs that try something new fall flat .
it 's upsetting that i do n't enjoy ascension considering the afterman narrative is so brilliant but i ca n't really get into it musically .
i do like goodnight fair lady though it 's got a broadway musical feel that i ca n't help but to enjoy .
i totally respect what claudio was trying but it was like their weird fucking experimental phase from losing too many bandmates and god it did n't work .
there was a lot of talent behind this project but none of it fit together .
chris pennie while talented had no chemistry with the band and i just ca n't belive the production was so bad i figured atticus ross was better than that .
it 's like a weird industrial synth album but it falls so flat it 's embarassing .
i love a lot of the ideas on the album but they just do n't work .
even the singles which initially sound pretty good end up feeling hollow after a few listens .
i legitimately ca n't enjoy a single song here guns of summer comes close but i dunno .
prologue oh baby we got the narrative right in our face with vaxis as the narrator .
the piano melody is a brilliant opener and the industrial synth noises build incredibly .
it sets the tone so well with the oddly brooding sound .
a great opener probably one of the best with how it flows into the dark sentencer .
when i heard this single for the first time i truly felt coheed again .
it 's heavy the intro with the synths continuing is fantastic and the chanting is fucking killer .
lyrically it 's great and the chugging riffs are what i wanted for an intro .
it 's epic proggy and has that lyrical sensibility that hooked me on coheed .
unheavenly creatures the chiptune intro is alright i like it more than i did when i heard it initially .
overall it 's a good poppy jam but i do n't think it 'll last as a favorite in the same vein of the suffering or a favor house atlantic .
it 's a little too contained for my liking without switching up enough to keep my attention and i know it 's a poppy song so it fits but it teeters on being more interesting than that 's frustrating to me .
toys i dig the slow opening it sets a weird atmosphere for the jam and it does n't feel too long .
i love the riff it feels pretty 80 's and rips hard .
pre-chorus and chorus is catchy and i dig it .
this is where the album really comes into it 's own with a new interesting sound .
however i wish instead of repeating the chorus to finish after the instrumental breakdown which is killer btw we got something new lyrically sorta like what black sunday does .
it is n't a deal breaker by any means but it 's a gripe i have with a few jams .
black sunday oh fuck yeah a heavy brooding intro yum .
that growl mid track is unreal and it just has a killer third verse with the tone switch-up and outro .
the solemn piano intro is tender and leads well allowing the track to feel menacing before opening up .
it 's also chugging josh 's drumming sets a great tone .
unfortunately after the second chorus it does n't go anywhere with it .
i think the structure is too bland basic ababcb which a lot of tracks on the record are bridge is n't interesting at all to re-hook me for the end and even then the ending is stale with just chanting 'queen of the dark . '
i love what it was trying to do but it falls a little flat .
true ugly head banger of an intro i dig the riffs .
really opens up an upbeat feel for the next track while still feeling heavy .
it has the generic structure but its instrumentation is tasty and the nuance is great with enough lyrical switch-up over the song to stay interesting .
love the third verse and i dig the bridge .
love protocol a deep poppy cut and i enjoy it .
simple structure but the sound is interesting and the pre-chorus ' changes up so i stay hooked .
i love the soaring chorus it has me singing along every time .
it feels like a blend of the punky sstb/iksse3 sounds and the tcbts era and i fuck with though i wish it did n't adhere to the generic song structure .
the pavilion a long way back sounds like a good everybody wants to the world and a blend of tcbts and the barenaked ladies idk if that makes any sense to anyone else .
it 's an alright song but really reeks of tcbts so it sticks out like a sore thumb in the album .
if it was a b-side or just a single unattached to this project i would enjoy it more but narratively it feels forced and weird .
a really strange listening experience in the album but i do n't hate the song on its own .
night-time walkers weird tonal whiplash coming from the last track but otherwise the synth intro is juicy and cool did n't know i wanted something like this from coheed .
the first verse is great and i love the transition to the chorus and then to the weird morphed robotic voice fun shift .
it is weird because i love the aesthetic of the robotic voice but i also love the rhythm of the lyrics so part of me wishes they were cleanly heard but it still sounds interesting .
plus the bridge is stellar i fucking love it .
it 's another simple structure but it does a lot of interesting shit i do wish it were more multi-phasic but it does stick as one of my favorite cuts from the album .
the gutter another simple structure but this track also rips .
the intro is great and it 's lyrically great .
the morphed screams and every member of the band goes off in this track it was a great single .
the queen-like bridge fucking slaps and feels fantastic and the chorus-ending actually gave me goosebumps the first-time i heard it .
all on fire oh fuuuck that intro into the fucking riff is unreal .
the pre-chorus please bring water is a little cheesy but also i like it so whatever .
the bridge into a third verse is a nice switch and sounds tight as hell .
but as people have mentioned before this song had the potential to really be another the crowing-level song if during the third verse it switched into a different phase/tone .
instead of repeating the chorus it had a different soaring catchy chorus .
this song had a lot of potential but i think it falls a little flat because it still sticks to the safety of a simple structure .
i still think it 's a good deep cut but i wish it had more to it .
it walks among us i fucking love the weird intro to this and wish it was a song all on its own .
it does n't really fit the rest of the song to me and almost feels like a separate track it 's weird .
however i love the fight-song aggressive sound to this track .
it 's fun and energetic the 'creature come and get it ' is slick and the verses are great .
it still sticks to that goddamn structure but it 's a fun track and the bridge is cool .
old flames i like this track and where it 's situated on the record it 's sort of like a bridge to the finale where the title track is like a bridge from the intro .
i like this a bit more than uc but the 'we all go up in flames going out in style ' part of the chorus is super cheesy to me and so that dampens my enjoyment of the track but the rest of this sounds more akin to the suffering so i like that aspect and the outro is fun .
it 's got that simple structure but it 's a pop song so it works a bit better .
lucky stars as i mentioned before i 'm not a fan of ballads and this is n't really an exception .
i like the vocal performance and the instrumentation but it has the same structure and does n't lead anywhere really interesting .
if it evolved like how the light and the glass does i 'd appreciate this track more as a finale .
i know it is meant to tie the album on a sweeter note and it 's only the first act but it leaves a bit to be desired to me .
not an inherently bad song but it 's a little bland and cheesy for me .
i wo n't talk about the narrative elements of the album but i will say i enjoy what i understand of the story so far !
alright so what do i think about vaxis act i ?
it is certainly a step in the right direction .
i think the production and instrumentation are top notch the gang performed really well .
it 's got a mash of atmospheric industrial synth putting yotbr to shame and tons of catchy choruses .
unfortunately the majority of the songs follow the verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus structure .
there are a few deviations with extra verses or refrains or overall tone changes but not enough to make the tracks truly feel epic .
i do really love the brooding atmosphere but if queen of the dark ripped into a second phase with different sound possible more upbeat to lead into love protocol like three minutes in i 'd probably love it more .
the same can be said particularly with all on fire it walks among us and lucky stars .
as deeper cuts those three tracks would have really benefited from a journey in sound .
the generic structure is n't a deal breaker for me though .
as well the pavilion is out of place though that 's been said a bunch .
overall i really do enjoy the new atmosphere and instrumentation from this album .
the dark sentencer black sunday night-time walkers and the gutter will probably remain as some of my favorite coheed tracks and the rest are all good pieces of music .
i love that we 're back to the amory wars setting they seem to have the inspiration and i like where they 're going as a band .
vaxis act i is a great album not without complaints but coheed has influenced my musical preference so greatly that if they stopped making music i 'd be more than happy with what we have .
currently it sits in between nwft and descension for me on my tier list !
glad we 're all here to discuss and experience this coheed renaissance together !
this thread is for updates and discussion on active treatment
when ty and i first met her did n't seem to like me since i was a new face and my girlfriend was who he considered his mom .
i was a little loud and i think he was threatened by me .
but after knowing him for more than a year now i 've grown to love him in an odd way .
prairie dogs are n't always easy to love especially at first .
his teeth are too big so they often are agape and look like he 's about to bite .
his nails are long and black and feel weird on the skin when he 's crawling around you .
regardless he crawled his way into my heart and he was a good boy .
he brought us joy and laughs he 's such a weird animal but he 's perfect .
what hurts more is seeing my girlfriend who 's had him since he was a pup hurting .
i know we 'll both get through this but it hurts .
but this whole event made me think of the movie all dogs go to heaven . ''
i believe prairie dogs are included in the 'all . '
so thanks for bringing us so much joy tyrant so we 'll see you again .
sorry for the long post but we just buried him earlier .
who in line rn let 's be friends kings and queens
ok so there 's a girl who used to go to my school who i have n't seen in a few years but we text often .
i 'll probably see her at local college 's football game in a few weeks and i just need help on how to talk to her .
ps i do n't really want to date her rn i 'd rather just be friends
back in the 1960 's there was a teenage male white wolf with black hair with his old man john pettimore who is mean as a snake in a rusty 1939 kmc 1.6 ton a in universe chevy 1.5 ton with a wooden bed hey pa my good friend in sunday school just got a truck '' john slaps the back of his head buck lee pettimore i would rather have you dead than let you ever owning a car we have enough problems already with your ass we do n't need more . ''
fine ... . asshole '' buck whisper to himself but his father heard that and slap him even harder do n't you disrespect me . ''
the two stopped at a farm house outside of town get the hay off the truck i will deal with the business . ''
buck got out of the truck and jumped into the back of the truck taking a bale of hay off the truck as soon he hopped down a mason jar full of shine falls out of the hay smashing as soon it hits the down boy did you just dropped a jar ! ''
john yelled yes pa. '' buck replied i will whip your ass later . ''
john got back to getting the cash from the home owner but than a 1964 carson kingdom a in universe chevy impala pulls up and out comes the town 's sheriff old man ron great job son . ''
john said why are n't it john pettimore as i see still dealing shine . ''
said ron officer this is n't shile it 's water from the river . ''
john said oh yeah if it 's water from the river than let me drink some . ''
said ron well you heard the man son . ''
said john buck gave the officer a jar of shine and ron took a sip yeah get your ass in the car john . ''
but then the shine hit him and then ron realise he just had one from the bad batch the old man scream in pain before he drop dead welp have a great time in prison son . ''
said john as he drove off hey get back here ! ''
yelled buck then another police car pulls in the yard .
buck now in his 20s and a lot more muscular wakes out of prison with a brown male dog within the same age so how does it feel being free again buck . ''
said the dog i do n't know mack i do n't know . ''
said buck in a deadpan tone prison hit you that hard . ''
said mack as the two got into mack 's warrior a in universe jeep gladiator what is that ? ''
buck said as he points at the radio but it haves a slot and two knobs that 's a 8 track welcome to the 70 's buck . ''
mack said as he starts to drive his truck you think that 's crazy listen to this . ''
mack said as he put in a cassette of fire on the mountain by charlies daniels .
mack parks at a mexico gas station a in universe sunco and texaco and got out of the truck you want a beer buck ? ''
repied buck mack walk in side the store then a purple ex school bus with astrological signs upon it stop across the street in front of the baptist church hey buck can you believe this shit ! ''
yeah i do n't care anyways can you believe that you have to bring your i.d .
said by a long hair tree hugger ah ! ''
said the hippy buck there a 9mm in the glove box . ''
said mack another hippy but this one was a female golden retriever with a blue bandana wrap around her head what 's going on guys . ''
said the first hippy which are the men and which are the girls ?
said mack why how do you do lunar . ''
said buck wait buck are you being serious . ''
said mack i 'm doing great how about you . ''
said lunar hold on buck are you really going to go all heads over heels for this pinko seat cover . ''
replied buck sorry mister but what did you just called me ? ''
said lunar but before mack insults her more with his large list of slurs a golden 1975 hunter henley police car a in universe pontiac lemans pulls up behind the school bus buck quick take cover . ''
replied buck but than mack made buck duck and lunar follows sult hey what 's happening guys . ''
said mack but he was cut off by 3 gun shots from a revolver followed by the sound of a 300 cu in 4.9l kmc i6 diesel and a 427 cu in 6.8l hunter v8 speeding off .
buck poked his head up to see two tire marks in the pavement i guess your friends just left town lunar . ''
said buck i wish they took her too . ''
buck mack and lunar are sitting in the truck i still ca n't believe you got me to pick up that crispy critter just to take her to the county line . ''
said mack well she seems like a nice girl . ''
said lunar and you told her your name she 's gon na sell it for drugs ! ''
yelled mack i learned his name from you dumbass ! ''
yelled lunar oh now you can scream like you bastards do to vets of the war ! ''
yelled buck the two shut up as buck said thank you . ''
said buck the three stayed quite into they stopped at a line of cars .
the three are still waiting i swear to god my grandmother died faster than this ! ''
said mack then the car front of them drove off they drove up to the police car license and registration . ''
said the cop with a scar across his eye yeah sure mack give the man your license . ''
said mack as 4 wheel drive by cw mccall starts playing what ? ''
yelled mack buck floors it mack what the hell is wrong with you ? ! ''
said lunar as jimmy put on the flashing lights that was jimmy mclee . ''
said lunar long story short i fucked his sister and gave him a scar and he wanted me dead ever since . ''
said mack jimmy slams the rear of mack 's truck with his squad car jesus ! ''
yelled buck buck than crashed thru a fence to a corn field jimmy follows suit mack 's big ole fat offroad tries went slicing thru the corn the two chase each other as they hope over railroad tracks buck he 's still behind us . ''
said buck buck then start to drive to a creek that is a yard wide and a foot deep buck if you crash my truck i will kick your ass . ''
said mack buck then hit a rock causing the truck to jump the creek and then everything went into slow motion jimmy hits the brakes a little bit too late and crashing into the creek the song ends as does the slow motion .
at mack 's home there is a bronze 1972 roosevelt road boat parked outside of his home hey mack i did n't know you own two cars . ''
said buck just wait a sec i will be back . ''
said mack mack got out of the truck and walks into his home hey rupert what 's going on . ''
mack said to the possum where 's my money . ''
saie rupert it will come soon i swear to my mother . ''
you said that last time and it 's time for you to learn a lesson . ''
said rupert then he pulled out a bat from the side of the couch no rupert wait ! ''
said mack but then rupert bashed his knees in and everything went into slow motion aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ''
screamed mack mack falls onto the floor rupert hits mack again this time on his back ffffffffuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkkk ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ''
cried mack then everything went back into normal motion are you going to pay up now hillbilly ! ''
yelled rupert go back to your trash hoe ! ''
yelled mack rupert hit mack with the bat again you 're more in dept now ! ''
said rupert then buck kick open the door what 's happening in here ! ''
yelled buck rupert turned around dropping his bat his jaw drops causing the cigar in rupert 's mouth to fall out buck grabbed rupert by the collar and thru him the window in a dash view rupert lands onto the windshield of the roosevelt cracking the glass back inside mack are you okay ? ''
said buck yeah i should be fine just get me a beer . ''
said mack buck walks to the fridge just to see it was raided mack i think he stole your beers ! ''
said mack me and lunar will go get some beer from town . ''
said buck buck walks out of mack 's home just to see lunar helping rupert up get back down . ''
said buck as he smack rupert on to the ground you all are so fucking dead . ''
said rupert like hell you will no one can kill buck pettimore . ''
said buck buck then got into mack 's truck buck that was n't really nice of you to do . ''
said lunar he was beating mack up with a bat . ''
said buck as he turn the key well did you talk to him first . ''
said lunar no i had a tea party with him .
lunar he was beating mack with a baseball bat i do n't care if you 're a little old lady i will still beat the living crap out of you .
fucking hell the truck is out of gas ! ''
yelled buck good you know how bad automobiles are for the earth . ''
said lunar no i do n't nor do i care ! ''
said buck as he got out of the truck rupert already drove off so using his car is out of the question .
buck and lunar are walking together buck with a 6 pack of beer in his hand i still do n't agree with your idea of punch first and ask questions later . ''
said lunar and i do n't like your idea of be peaceful and care about everyone that shit would get you killed in jail . ''
said buck like how would you want jail is like . ''
said lunar i just got out of jail today ! ''
said buck but then a black half saluki half jackal with a afro taps his shoulder hey ! ''
said buck then the saluki punch buck 's nose giving him a bloody nose hey miss ! ''
said lunar the saluki turns her attention to lunar we should n't solve our problems with violence we should talk it '' said lunar but then the saluki kick lunar 's shins hey fuckface ! ''
said buck as he punch the saluki causing her to fall back on to a parked car come on lunar we should go . ''
said buck lunar got up as does the saluki get back here you white trash meathead . ''
said the saluki then she started to chase the two into a alley the saluki knocks buck down and elbows lunar in the face knocking her out buck using a brick throw it outside of the alley trying to get the cop 's attention it does n't work rupert comes out of the shadows well well well it 's mister no one can kill buck pettimore . ''
said rupert have you been waiting there this whole time ? ''
said rupert wait did you just called her cookie '' ? ''
said cookie that 's one of the funniest things i ever heard a big tough whore with hair you can see from the moon is called cookie by this pizza face geek oh god you two must look like freaks when fucking . ''
said buck cookie then kicks buck 's crouch cookie stop i want finish this bastard . ''
said rupert as he pulls out a switchblade buck then punch cookie 's stomach rupert then start charging for him buck gave him the good ole nutcracker oh no one hits my nasty white boy except for me ! ''
said cookie buck then trips her causing her to hit her face on the wall knocking her out but then rupert bit buck 's leg causing buck to fall on his ass and his right boot came off rupert took a notion to his foot you have a really nice feet . ''
said buck have you been taking care of them . ''
said rupert buck then kick rupert with his left foot knocking rupert out fucking nutjobs . ''
said buck as he put his boot back on wait what is this ? ''
said buck as he sees some keys hunter bandit ? ''
said buck then he saw what a hunter bandit is basically this universe 's pontiac firebird damn i 've seen goodboy models in universe playboy and goodgirl is playgirl less sexy than this car . ''
said buck he picked up cookie and rupert and threw their bodies in the car what 's happening ? ''
said rupert as he woke up watch your tail . ''
said buck as he slams the trunk close aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ''
screamed rupert buck laughs at the possum 's pain i 'm going to murder you and your whole family ! ''
yelled rupert start with my father he 's the reason i was in jail . ''
said buck as he pick up lunar buck put lunar in the passenger seat and buck went into the driver 's seat why hello . ''
buck said to himself when he saw a raunchy photo of cookie this is going into my collection '' said buck as he put the photo in his pocket oh you better not just stole that picture of cookie ! ''
buck is with a passed out lunar where are we ? ''
asked a just woken up lunar oh you did n't get a concussion . ''
said lunar we 're in paradise to like you know . ''
screamed rupert rupert shut the fuck up your bitching is making this ride worst . ''
yelled lunar what no ... what 's kidnapping i do n't know what kidnapping is . ''
said buck he 's lying he beat the living shit out of me and cookie ! ''
yelled rupert he beat the shit out of me he did n't do anything to you . ''
said cookie he slammed the trunk on my tail . ''
said rupert so he knock one of my teeth out ! ''
yelled cookie buck we have to let them go . ''
said lunar hold on i want to see this thing 's topspeed . ''
said buck buck then parks the car nearby a alleyway buck got out of the car pulled out that gun mack had in his glove box and open the trunk now i 'm going to shoot you two . ''
said buck arming the handgun at the two buck no ! ''
screamed lunar please do n't i will pay mack 's dept off ! ''
pleaded rupert if you stop fucking with him me and lunar then i might not shoot you two . ''
said buck we will i would even give you a blow up just please do n't shoot me and cookie ! ''
said rupert okay get out of the car . ''
said buck as he got out of the way oh thank you .
said rupert but he was cut off by buck i said get ! ''
yelled buck as he aimed the gun at the two again rupert and cookie ran away i 'm very disappointed in you buck . ''
said lunar babe the two were going to kill us . ''
said buck could n't you just talk to them . ''
said lunar and get my nuts cut off not a chance . ''
mack is asleep in his now broken chair hey mack we 're back ! ''
said buck as he open the door jesus buck it only took you all day . ''
said mack long story short i got rid of your possum problem . ''
said buck as he thru the case of piss warm beer on mack 's lap thanks man . ''
said mack you 're welcome by the way lunar is staying here . ''
i have already completed the raid this week but i am looking to get some more runs in for experience .
i 'm playing with youtube tv for the first time today .
this is a potentially silly question but is the light and dark theme switch supposed to work on roku ?
i switched it to dark on my desktop computer and then saw it dark on the roku .
i then decided that i 'd prefer light on roku .
i switched it back to light on the desktop but the roku is still dark .
the silly part of this is that i ca n't quite remember if it was light on roku before or it was always dark .
i think it was light before but maybe i 'm losing some memory cells .
ok so i was gon na make a character who is a demon warlock that possesses the hand of a perpetually terrified elf ranger .
the elf is n't the character the hand is .
so i was wondering if that would be any fun ?
have any of you played as a character that was attached to an npc and any suggestions and what i should change ?
wick feln i 'm gon na choke this fool .
my mom has gotten really into ancestry.com over the past year and has dug up some really cool old family stories i 'm super impressed with what she 's done .
i 'd like to get her something genealogy related to help her keep finding cool information about our family .
what 's considered a nice splurge in the genealogy world ?
edit update i hired a photographer to go around and photograph all the addresses in my city where my family has lived and then the address where i currently live .
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/kyq33f price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/kyq33f/by_merchant
storage samsung 840 evo 500gb 2.5 '' solid state drive https pcpartpicker.com/product/7mlypg/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz7te500bw purchased for 0.00
storage crucial mx100 512gb 2.5 '' solid state drive https pcpartpicker.com/product/2gdwrh/crucial-internal-hard-drive-ct512mx100ssd1 purchased for 0.00
video card msi geforce gtx 970 4gb twin frozr v video card https pcpartpicker.com/product/2j4nnq/msi-video-card-gtx970gaming4g purchased for 0.00
monitor lg 34uc87c 34.0 '' 3440x1440 60hz monitor https pcpartpicker.com/product/btcrxr/lg-monitor-34uc87c purchased for 0.00
i have software with bugs the vendor claims that asus motherboards have issues with the cmos/uefi clock and this is causing the problem .
i would like to know if there is a way i can test their assertion with a third party utility before i start doing brain surgery .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
i am not engaging them yet their customer service reps run a gauntlet of bullying and intimidation before they 'll actually help and i do n't have time for their crap .
i 've been waiting to get started with let 's play series for a long time now .
i 've added my own spin on the way i experience the game and you 'll know it within the first few minutes of the video .
if you 're a fan of dark humor and such you might want to stick around as it 's got loads of it here and there .
it took me a long time to get this on and i would really appreciate any kind of feedback and appreciation .
link to video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jkjarh6bh7i t=688s list=plo6cmtqm4wmdjxkcvz-iv_t3tfzhu0clg index=2
got offered a new job at an at t subsidiary and after the interview the market manager told me to call him after my 2 weeks is up .
the only downside i see is that the job is commission only based .
currently my hours have been cut to dog shit same thing as last year during the start of the holiday season .
i only work 2 days then off for 4 1 day off for 4 and even though i have a 5 or 6 hour day i still need to take a lunch .
we are n't allowed to go over our scheduled hours .
4 tv and internet installs a week is 680 5 and 1 mobility line is 950 7 and 4 is 1440 and 8 installs 4 lines and 1 vivint install is 1935 a week .
but like i said it 's commission only there is no base pay .
they said during the interview we are supposed to get promoted to trainer within a week but my concern lies with what if i make no sales regardless of how hard i try ?
i already have to uber so i have to pay to come to work .
i 'm willing to give gwent much more than a day to judge their 6 months of passion and effort.. and there is a lot to like here if you see it as a framework for future builds and expansions .
i think we 'll get around hand size and other balances easily.. the game is built that 's the key thing .
but what i 'm most surprised to see lacking is the 'three solid archetypes per faction ' we 've been talking about this whole development .
i expected to see them more robust more synergistic really tailored archetypes as they were rewriting the whole core set and for that to be a minimum !
with cool off-shoots and creative avenues for deckbuilders to work around each of those .
right now i feel the factions have one maybe two.. what about you ?
edit as a gwent-lover i 'm really happy to hear so many of you say no there seems to be an air of liberation you 're feeling from the hc set that offers more possibilities than the 'autopilot ' archetypes..
i 'll still have to reserve judgement until i 've played a while more .
today i 'm sad to say that i 'm selling my inventory because of money problems just in case you want to know why i 'm selling my knife so cheap .
you can see the price is 299 if you suggest a good price we can talk about it and this is the cheapest stattrak™ m9 bayonet doppler phase2 fn on bitskins .
make this a thread for publishing and posting links to your favorite looking moc 's .
share them and add them to your own photo collections .
i do not have a particular favorite which is part of the reason behind making this post .
avoid putting obvious jokes and ironic ones like this https i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/245/493/1b2.png .
the ones you post can be used as motivation and inspiration for newer moc makers getting into the hobby .
i do know of and have been playing cuban missile crisis aftermath https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuban_missile_crisis the_aftermath carribean crisis in its native russian .
oh and codename panzer cold war which i have yet to finish .
i long for a wargame with sarpacs as the best at launcher maybe an ah-56 prototype sas '51 with em-2s ... good lord what fun that would be .
will pick one person at random tomorrow my time .
share comptia 220-801 or jk0-801 comptia a essentials by icollege http warez-serbia.com/ebooks/656958-comptia-220-801-or-jk0-801-comptia-a-essentials-by-icollege.html
so it seems like the new google translate update makes the tap to translate '' notification visible all the time it can not be swiped out .
i have n't seen it as a notification before ... nexus 6p
my n mom is really fucked up to the point where i 'm not so sure that i 'm going to be able to have any sort of relationship with her .
she was starting to seem decent and supportive towards me for a long time .
last summer she had a huge blow out resulting in the silent treatment and major abuse because i came out to her .
this was more than a year ago and when she finally settled down from that ... ... . everything seemed fine .
and they seem to be back to twisting reality and being very very emotionally abusive .
it 's really getting out of hand and i 'm not sure that the situation is manageable anymore .
i might need to ghost i do n't know .
in a way i do n't want to lose her as things seemed to be going so well .
she then seemed to get used to my coming out eventually and even when it came up later on she did n't react in an n-like manner about it at all .
this has absolutely nothing to do with that nothing about anything of any significance for me or my life has really came up .
then my n parents and i went to an art opening together .
they have been concerned '' about me drinking too much which admittedly i do .
on the way out the door a guy offered me a beer and asked if i wanted it .
both of my n parents were claiming that i seemed drunk .
maybe i did seem a bit tipsy would n't seem totally shocking to me .
however they seemed to have a bit of a sour tone .
at home nothing horrible happened right away we went outside to look at the stars .
while we were out there i tried to say to my n parents that i thought they were exaggerating a bit especially my n mom .
this is when things began to take an abusive turn because i had questioned her i guess .
the version of events at the opening has now changed as well .
first i assumed that they noticed that i seemed slightly tipsy not really that big of a deal .
perhaps this seems like the most logical real version of events .
however in the next version of events i am explaining that we just have a different way of doing things .
and she begins saying your way of doing things will land you in jail '' as though i was so intoxicated that i was creating a scene to the point of risking a public intoxication charge .
this was just utter bullshit and while i may have had slightly too much to drink and obviously would n't drive i definitely was not aimlessly wandering around and getting picked up for public intoxication drunk .
they just all of a sudden both started and swooped in emotionally abusing me and gaslighting the hell out of me .
they just completely stonewalled me i could n't talk any sense into them .
they were demanding that i apologize to them for having done something so wrong that i was so outrageously drunk etc .
again pretty sure they were seriously exaggerating the situation here .
i can not be certain if they were exaggerating as i do legitimately drink too much .
i do believe i probably seemed slightly inebriated e.g .
slightly tipsy but i do n't know ... ... . perhaps it was true that i was drunker than i thought and did seem a bit over the line .
not entirely sure either way they were just spewing out all this garbage and stonewalling completely .
they also said that they will never invite me to something like that again '' .
finally i thought i managed to get through the brick wall to my mom that i have common sense .
however that did n't happen and she 's back to saying that i was acting outrageously '' .
she has just been saying one thing and another changing the version of events the reality just to fit her whims .
it was n't even me having drank too much that set her off .
she was n't happy about that but she kind of let it go to some extent and it did n't completely turn the evening south in itself .
what it was is that i dared to question her .
then when i was talking sense into her or trying to did n't get anywhere though she perceives me as bullying '' her because i kept the conversation going when she was wanting to go to bed .
admittedly i was quite persistent but only because i thought that it seemed like i was possibly getting through that incredibly thick skull .
she ended the conversation by saying that she does not want to talk to me until sunday and basically is planning to give me the silent treatment until sunday .
she wanted to go on a trip with me before but now she is saying that she does n't want to go on the trip does n't want to talk to me or do anything with me '' until she has confidence that i will give her space when she needs it and not keep conversations going late at night '' and that it will be a while before she can trust that if it were even a possibility at all .
she literally sent me these crazy texts just now at around 5 am .
she 's also going on and on saying that it 's not worth living saying that she wants to be either dead or far away '' .
to my surprise she ultimately seemed to come around after i came out and she had a huge blowout about that .
i really would hate to ghost after things genuinely had seemed like they had gotten somewhere .
and she stopped trying to control my overall identity and way of being .
but now things are completely off the fucking rails again over what i 'm 99 sure was essentially nothing .
i certainly did n't do anything that would make someone stay awake until 5 am so depressed that they want to die .
i 'm just kind of stunned to be honest .
when she invariably ends up coming around it 's sunday and she 's speaking to me again ... ... ... . then what ?
i really do n't want to ghost but if this kind of crap keeps happening for basically no reason like this i do n't know what else i 'd do .
we provide a wide range of web design and web development tutorial and courses such as html css javascript responsive web design to beginners and web designing training in gurgaon .
web design is a kind of graphic design intended for development and styling of objects of the internet 's information environment to provide them with high-end consumer features and aesthetic qualities .
it is a growing career choice among people who have creative and artistic qualities .
tanky as hell thanks to heavy set 25 immunity to aoe from mirage the usually roguish trickery so you ca n't burst them down .
you also ca n't sustain against them as bleeds whittle you down and anguish shuts-down heals .
finally when you get to about 50 it 's dawnbreaker they no longer need defile from abilities and this is more reliable and does more damage bow proc execute
you 're going to get killed by this a lot in murkmire .
probably works really well as a medium gank build too .
with the explosion of different cryptocurrencies many investors are trying to catch the wave .
it seems all exciting but it is extremely difficult for a layman to understand the basic difference between all the cryptocurrencies and different blockchain protocols .
the probable effects of the blockchain can not be understated and this might lead to a financial revolution .
2018 has been a big year for all the blockchain technologies and how far they have come .
first let us take the overview of each of above mentioned blockchain technologies .
bitcoin might be considered as the father of all the cryptocurrencies .
the first cryptocurrency is digital cash that only exists electronically .
peer-to-peer network architecture is the backbone of this cryptocurrency .
a public ledger keeps track of all the records of the transactions being made .
the important thing to note here is that blockchain is maintained by a distributed network of miners .
miners not only record the transactions but verify them too .
this is also how they provide security notably one of the bitcoin 's biggest features .
the term eos is used interchangeably for both eos blockchain platform and its native eos coin .
eos provides the provide ecosystem one of a kind ecosystem where developers can not only build but develop their own dapps .
the main purpose for the platform is to provide developers with tools and network to build commercial dapps just like ios is used to build mobile applications .
the platform itself is built to process one million transactions .
the network itself uses a proof-of-stake dpos consensus mechanism.e0s 's developers usually implement parallel execution and asynchronous communication .
they claim that one day it will able to support thousands of commercial dapps .
to build an app using the eos platform one must use eos coins .
blockchain technology is used to do much more than just developing a cryptocurrency and such applications are usually called the 2.0 versions .
for example crypto 2.0 blockchain 2.0 or bitcoin 2.0 .
it is a well-established open-ended software platform that is used to build smart contracts as well as distributed applications dapps .
it allows them to be built and run without any interruption control or meddling from third parties .
ethereum is not only a platform but a programming language running on blockchain .
mimblewimble is a protocol that was forwarded by an anonymous user tom elvis jedusor in a bitcoin developers chatroom .
jedusor left a link to a white paper that explained the ways in which the privacy or scalability of the bitcoin network could be increased .
due to this it could be considered the better version of the bitcoin .
1 privacy is ensured with the help of confidential transaction .
confidential transactions work on two main properties hiding and biding .
hiding is ensured by encapsulating the information until the key is revealed to the user receiving the transaction .
once the key is revealed user can verify the transaction .
2 scalability is ensured with the help of transaction cut-through .
it is basically merging all the transitional outputs inside the block as it consists of a list of transactions containing all inputs and outputs .
this could also be applied to the multiple blocks in the blockchain .
for example if protocol a sends the transaction to protocol b and protocol b sends the protocol to protocol c then we can cut through '' the intermediary transaction that results into merged transaction between a and c thus reducing computational overload .
thus we could conclude that mimblewimble might seems a lot to digest but it is a protocol that will revolutionize crypto world .
now lets us compare all the features of the above-mentioned technologies using a table
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score breakdown in the comments below ab players use https greedbutt.com/plus instead
discord users do n't forget the isaac server where you can chat in the daily channel https discord.gg/isaac
man this is gon na be a long two weeks .
have vip tix for red bull 's and ready to go now ! !
seems like we 're seeing inflated prices for another paper launch .
i mean netflix certainly has the money to pay eminem to guest star in a couple of episodes of the punisher show .
has there been any word on a merc playlist i remember blackops 3 launched with it ?
is there a way to protect cd-rw from erasing formatting ?
so that files on it are accessible but the cd itself can not be rewritten without password ?
for example sunset boulevard or the short story a rose for emily .
i was wondering if there was a technical term of some kind
dear friend remember this is a voice from the tomb .
in the tomb it is only a man 's body that is good for worms but in the living tomb the canker worm of care enters the very soul .
think that we have been nearly nine years in this living tomb since our first arrest and that it is impossible for mind or body to withstand the continual strain that is upon them .
it is in this sad strait that i now in the name of my comrades and myself ask you to aid us in the manner pointed out ... we ask you to aid us with your tongue and pen with your brain and intellect with your ability and influence and god will bless your efforts and we will repay you with all the gratitude of our natures ... our faith in you is unbound .
we think if you forsake us then we are friendless indeed .
james reynolds a member of the clan https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clan_na_gael and on the committee to rescue the prisoners bought under his name for the clan a three-masted whaling bark catalpa for 5,500 123 thousand in 2017 dollars 5 and george anthony recruited twenty-two sailors .
devoy signed up fenian https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fenian agents john breslin and thomas desmond to go to western australia breslin masqueraded as an american businessman james collins '' with suitable letter of introduction with desmond masquerading as a man named johnson .
they departed the us in september 1875 and arrived in albany in november 1875 .
later that day breslin and desmond travelled to fremantle on the ss georgette .
on 29 april 1875 catalpa sailed from new bedford massachusetts .
at first most of the crew was unaware of their real mission .
anthony noticed too late that the ship 's marine chronometer was broken so he had to rely on his own skills for navigation .
first they sailed to fayal island in the azores where they off-loaded 210 barrels of sperm whale oil .
unfortunately much of the crew deserted the ship and they had to leave three sick men behind .
anthony recruited replacement crew members and set sail for western australia .
catalpa fell behind the intended schedule due to a serious storm in which she lost her foremast .
anthony discovered that the crew had stowed away another ticket of leave convict anthony informed the authorities and they took the man ashore .
catalpa dropped anchor in international waters off rockingham and dispatched a whaleboat to shore .
at 8:30 am six fenians who were working in work parties outside the prison walls absconded—thomas darragh martin hogan michael harrington thomas hassett robert cranston and james wilson .
they were met by breslin and desmond and picked up in horse traps .
the men raced 20 kilometres 12 mi south to rockingham pier where anthony awaited them with the whaleboat .
a local named bell he had spoken to earlier saw the men and quickly alerted the authorities .
as they rowed to the catalpa a fierce squall struck breaking the whaleboat 's mast .
the storm lasted till dawn on 18 april and was so intense that anthony later stated that he did n't expect the small boat to survive .
at 7 am with the storm over they again made for the catalpa but an hour later spotted the screw steamer ss georgette which had been commandeered by the colonial governor making for the whaler .
the men lay down in the whaleboat and it was not seen by the georgette .
the georgette found the catalpa but in captain anthony 's absence the first mate refused to allow the colonial police to board as the ship was outside the colony 's three-mile limit .
the steamer was forced to return to fremantle for coal after following the catalpa for several hours .
as the whaleboat again made for the ship a police cutter with 30 to 40 armed men was spotted .
the two boats raced to reach the catalpa first with the whaleboat winning and the men climbing aboard as the police cutter passed by .
the cutter turned lingered briefly beside the catalpa and then headed to shore .
early on 19 april the refuelled and now heavily armed georgette returned and came alongside the whaler demanding the surrender of the prisoners and attempting to herd the ship back into australian waters .
they fired a warning shot with the 12-pounder 5 kg cannon that had been installed the night before .
ignoring the demand to surrender anthony had raised and then pointed towards the u.s. flag informed the georgette that an attack on the catalpa would be considered an act of war against the usa and proceeded westward .
governor robinson had ordered the police on the georgette not to create an incident outside territorial waters .
after steaming around threateningly for about an hour the georgette headed back to fremantle and catalpa slipped away into the indian ocean .
side note that i had never heard of https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fenian_raids us civil war veterans of irish descent banded together in the us and raided canada across the border in order to try to help the cause of irish independence .
say i buy a coach that adds 10 physical and another that does 10 shooting does that mean the those stats of all of my players in game increase by 10 ?
can someone explain to me how coach cards that affect the of a stat work please ?
in today 's thread we 'll reminisce on twice 's journey leading up to now .
each week we 'll look back at what twice was like as a group and how they have evolved over time .
starting this week we 'll take a look at twice october mvs one by one .
this week 's mv is one more time https youtu.be/huooery-yc4 !
here you can share twice content and media from these eras or just discuss them in general !
and here are some discussion questions if you do n't know where to start
how well do you think this song fits twice 's concept as a whole ?
how are twice 's japanese and korean concepts similar ?
how does this track show the evolution of twice as an entire group ?
as this is twice 's first japanese mv how well does this song/mv convey the theme that twice wants to convey with all of their japanese music as a whole ?
what do you like about twice that 's unique to this era ?
if you discovered twice at or before this era how has your opinion of the group changed since this era ?
check out past threads in our twice throwback archive https www.reddit.com//r/twice/wiki/discussionarchive/twicethrowback .
det tappar lite i smak men man har ändå rätt mycket smak kvar så det ändå är njutbart .
njuter nu av en utblandad fläder lime från ramlösa .
probably my question and my ‘issue ' will be seen as stupid and that 's true it 's not something important or whatever but i feel like i need another point of view on it .
i am an european student and in my country both males and females are quite open in the way they approach people .
it 's quite common anyway that males make a first step probably it 's a cultural thing .
sometimes girls hit on boys it 's not uncommon anyway .
i 'm from italy if it can help to understand my point of view .
i 'm a girl i 'm on erasmus in spain since 1 month and i 'm a little bit weirded about how friendships and relationships work here .
most of my friends here are from italy too since we go to the same university and we live really close .
what happens is that we 're all single and every time we go to clubs/bars whatever they 're literally surrounded by girls .
i 'm not joking and no my friends are n't professional models .
what happens with me and with my other girlfriends is that we 're completely ignored .
it is n't about being hit on i 'm also talking about being friend with other boys .
it seems like it 's always me trying to talk to them and introducing with girls no it 's different .
since i 'll be here for a whole year and i 'd like to build connections with males also and not just italians and i 'm starting to question my appearance a lot i 'd like to understand if it 's cultural if people here are more shy or if i 'm doing something wrong introducing myself .
i have to say that i do n't consider myself an ugly girl and a lot of girls here told me that it 's probably because they think i am ‘too much ' and do n't want to be rejected .
i think that 's an exaggeration but anyway i 'd like to understand if it 's cultural to not have friendships with girls or that males do n't hit on girls so much here .
girls are really different being friend with them is not a problem .
tl dr i 'm feeling sort of invisible to boys in the country where i 'm living at the moment .
i actually broke gold solo queuing earlier this month but have since dipped back to 1900 or so .
i wan na get on a team where working together as a unit can help everyone improve their play experience and climb sr
i main moira/ana and can somewhat viably flex to zarya as a tank .
i can also somewhat viably flex to doomfist sombra and mcree as dps .
edit i have a mic and am fairly active in using it .
add me on discord to pm me if you 're interested in letting me tryout .
i 've a galaxy s8 set to 2220x1080 and asphalt has been set to maximum performance but since the latest big update i 've found that the game stutters badly at some spots making it very difficult such as on the middle west track when i use the barrel roll ramp off the railway track down into the canyon its like 1fps during the descent then back to normal at the bottom .
it 's making it impossible to control the descent and now most of the time i crash against the canyon walls .
have anyone else seen this and how do i improve this ?
you play waluigi and have to use parts and gadgets to build usable robots to fight monsters and other robots to beat some other techno master .
p.s this is my forst time posting on here so apologies if i 've done something wrong .
edit either that or a platformer based underground but still with robots as enemies and/or allies .
and there could be puzzles to get into different areas maybe .
i appreciate any responses and the survey is anonymous .
get stylish and custom printed wholesale cigarette boxes for your own brand and logo on it to attract the consumers all over the new york in cheap price and free shipping .
it 's time for our holiday card sample exchange !
a fun partner for our holiday gift exchange is the card and sample exchange !
you may participate in one or the other or both if you so choose !
if you sign up to join this exchange please make sure you 're willing to send a card to all others who sign up .
this exchange is open to members from all over the world .
sometimes it 's hard to mail things around the world but a card should n't cost too much to mail .
the point of this exchange is to share the ab love and not worry too much about money .
please make sure you 've made some kind of introduction to the group .
we love intro posts and saying hello to those that are new to raoab !
find some samples packets or sheet masks that you 'd like to mail to others .
on november 1st i will send out the spreadsheet that lists names and addresses .
once you receive a link to the list you can start addressing and sending out cards .
it would be nice to get them out to people by the end of november .
once you receive a card please post a thank you in the mega thank you thread will be posted in november .
you can sign up for this exchange by visiting the form here https goo.gl/forms/tjx6ykmwcgtuenxf2 .
this is kinda long so i hope u bare with me .
please moderators if you see this as against the rules do not hesitate to remove the post .
so guys my issue is i asked in here a week ago about a seedbox with plex support and of course bytesized seemed to top the sheet as the most advised provider .
also cloudbox.io provided me with a free trial and i also really liked their service .
my problem is i need to keep high ratio on my private trackers that 's 15tb of upload per month .
my budget is 30-45 and even with that budget on these two trackers ca n't provide me with good enough upload bandwidth .
i was searching for a seedbox with unlimited upload and plex support unfortunately i found none .
buying a seeding seedbox for around 15 and getting a plex support seedbox from bytesized or so so i use my seeding seedbox to seed torrent with autodl-irsii and increasing my ratio while i download movies and series on my plex supported seedbox .
problem is i am pretty good at setting it up but then i need to take care of security and stuffs for first second the most advised dedicated provider for torrent in here is hetzner which my friend tried to use and failed the identity check even with a valid passport .
he had to provide his company papers in order to confirm his identity .
i am not willing to go into all of this specially that he has a 3tb limit on the server bandwidth per month and had to take care of everything security related this is hectic for me and the 3tb limit will keep my problem with seeding .
i also found that seedhost.eu provide good service and ultraseedbox provide un-metered plex supported service .
i really like you guys ideas and help on this i am extremely lost .
for my first live show it was a damn good one .
suprising moments jay white 's loss y2j 's appearance and shingo is x
would advise anyone coming to japan to see a njpw show .
hello there i 'm dan https imgur.com/a/fbvwj1e an england based freelance digital illustrator .
i basically design logos/branding design elements for gamers twitch streamers i honestly couldnt think of anything better to do in my life .
however i do have many more goals that i 'd love to accomplish as i 'm quite and ambitious individual .
i live on my own which can be amazing 80 of the time but then when the early morning hits and my friends are no longer around i 'm still awake .
in my spare time whenever im not drawing or working with clients im typically playing games like pubg or just chatting in discord .
there 's alot more i 'd love to put here but i 'll leave that for you to find out .
he is used to islamic fasting no food no water so it 's not a big deal
this is true but if you already subbed this month it will count as a gift '' sub and you will not get the 25 .
so make a new account if the 25 is your real motivation ... at least double check everything before you click to pay
especially one i specifically queued up to play until the clock reads 0 ?
you 're seriously one of those losers who would forfeit just because it is n't going well ?
you know how i can tell you did n't play organized sports growing up ?
you asked for examples of him giving bad advice .
literally every single brokerage house has a disclaimer stating past performance is not indicative of future results .
you do n't have the financial literacy to have a reasonable discussion .
you are only parroting what dave says and not actually using your own brain .
and you lose the space for most of your notification icons in the process .
omg she said the mods told her not to say anything on reddit bc it will flame it more 😒😒😒 yikes this whole thing was epic miscalculation .
i legit forgotten about it minutes after i read it until it was deleted and blew up here .
and now she went on a podcast and told the story in her own voice ... .. even with denials ...
congrats👏🏼 proud nctzen i only have lele from the free pack 😂
thanks i 'll be in daegu for majority of my time as my uncle lives there .
because of budget i ca n't venture too far from these cities .
i know people say theres not much in daegu but i 'm sure i 'll enjoy it anyway .
hope that your words inspire others in this sub .
sorry her stories may not be the most fun but as far as i know they are true .
i had him earlier in the year but had to drop him once injuries started piling up .
hoping i can pick him back up once he gets back .
not all super heroes wear capes most wear camo .
i 'll never forget walking up to an engineering company 's booth a few years ago and leading with can i have all this candy ?
a few former top obama staffers recently said that palin became much more vile during the campaign of 08 .
so when she was voted for in alaska she was n't as crazy .
whoa holy shit what if john had hunted down arthur before he got to blackwater ?
and the last part of the gane is a grey old morgan carrying a deer into his camp when he sees john hand on his holstered revolver .
they go back and forth a few before the time to talk is over arthur throws the deer off and goes for his pistol but john pulls .
average wages increased for non-supervisory employees by the same amount .
that and taking photos of suspicious vehicles in the middle of the damn day ... parked in front of other people 's homes or on their driveways .
just because you havent seen it on your 4 hour porch sitting shift does n't make it automatically suspicious brenda .
my children play on the street i do n't like strangers being here . ''
my parents park their cars on side streets all the damn time .
i know i have no reasonable expectation of privacy in public but damn people taking photos of the car just makes me unfathomably angry .
strangers will use your street for parking their cars mombie it 's not unusual you dumb twit .
when i first started in retail because that at least does n't pay minimum wage i had to go into the back room to deal with my bloodsugar type 1 .
the response from every single co-worker was you gon na shoot up ? '' .
i do n't know how many actually thought i was doing hard drugs and how many were making jokes since i use insulin injections .
but that 's not really a double standard it 's just a fact of life .
he needs to wear a hat or something when he leaves the house .
how hard is it to say oh i 'm getting bad performance i should lower the graphics preset '' most people should n't be fiddling with the advanced/custom settings because they have no idea what they 're doing .
just use the presets and you 'll be fine .
i 'm wearing my kershaw jersey and kings themed dodger hat '
also consider the fact that the original animation style was so different from most other cartoons at the time and even after .
the story is fake but i think that style they made up there looks good !
full disclosure i 'm a somewhat staunchly non-religious person so i 'm willing to acknowledge my own bias against church groups .
that said there seems to be an undeniable link correlation between church-going and mlm .
these schemes run rampant among church groups especially in mormon churches .
is it simply that the church represents a 'target-rich ' environment ?
or is their gravitation to both religion and mlm a symptom of their larger problem with gullibility in general ?
tbh them being airborne now is a bummer ... lol already had a few to many injuries and almost got ghosted a few times from that
i 'll gather hearts to summon kingdom hearts for a switch version ! ! !
i think the most important indicator is median hourly earnings vs cost of living over time .
median household income overlooks the fact that young adults are living with their parents longer and more frequently than they have since the great depression..
it ignores the fact that married households are 350 more likely to depend on 2 sources of income than they were 50 years ago .
it ignores the fact that young adults are more dependent on roommates than ever ... . americans requiring more sources of income per household is n't a sign of progress but it does bare a positive correlation with median household income .
secondly the way we measure inflation is n't adjusted to cost of living but rather consumer prices .
so if living costs skyrocket and luxury goods plummet ... you end up with cost of living exceeding consumer prices .
so even if you have more buying power according to to cpi inflation ...
it could still ultimately be multiple times less affordable to buy a home pay for tuition and healthcare or adequately save up for retirement .
finally the median work week has gone up by 10 over the last 20 years .
so even if we 're getting paid 10 more after calculating for inflation we 'd ultimately be getting paid less per hour because of overtime pay .
if people are working more hours to keep their heads above water that is n't a sign of progress ...
but it bares a positive correlation with annual income .
the official statistics are correct but the way we measure prosperity is deeply flawed .
even during the height of the recession economists were citing official statistics as irrefutable evidence that we were better off than ever .
why would it make you think i have n't experienced it ?
it 's not like having experienced it makes it that much better .
change the first slot reload to crit chance and you 're good to go .
i am here for venom being a weird gay icon .
sheer hype the media puts on a run of the mill 4-0 win for the redmen
my ex had dreads like that ... not as long though .
she wanted to brush them out and in order to get boyfriend points i offered to help .
took a couple of days couple of hours after work deal .
i sat on the edge of the bed she sat on the floor and we put netflix on the tv while we each went at the dread with nit combs .
when it was done and after she washed and conditioned it her hair was lovely .
also just found out you need to reach lvl 15 .
i was very confused when i did n't get it do n't know about you but hope this helps !
i really do n't get how it 's able to work as well as it does tbh
do i still have time to play an uno reverse trap card ?
i really ca n't stand koontz but that was a killer book .
why did they not let him do a 2nd take as well as put this out there .
i 'm gon na have the coolest fossil ever just chilling in my prehistoric testarossa .
to be honest i kinda hope the fossilized car gets discovered by some ancient culture and they make my skeleton a god of radness and reverse engineer it making not only ferrari considered the most revered deity of all time but at the same time advancing technology by 10,000 years .
hope you guys enjoy your super futuristic motor-culture world !
in the meantime i 'm gon na find out how to turn a live dinosaur into fossil fuels .
oh you also have my permission to give my skeleton a high five it 's in the world creator exhibit at the world history museum .
plus if my shades erode away please replace them .
why i am not getting recommended character bonus '' even though i have ws in my tl team ?
need a good rumble for when the chorus comes in..
you know what always takes the edge off when i 'm upset ?
but let me tell you what the real secret to happiness is ...
please drink 1 x verification can to view the rest of this comment .
yeah maybe a wig to match the others come to think of it .
i was under the impression pat would be playing both games and last i checked his twitter poll had fist of the north star in the lead for which to play first .
dude i love your stuff but i found a lot of the logos were victim to the cc glitch hoping when i get the game the glitch is n't in 2k19 as your a creator i favourite !
they bothered and harassed him despite being well within his rights as a law abiding citizen .
would n't be surprised if you were the highlander in this video
i guess we will have to find out i really want this deck to work because i love fusion/synchro archetypes and norse mythology
i took my oldest when he was 2 3 4 5 and my youngest at 8mos and 2 .
you just have to know your kids and what pace they can go at .
we never did it all each trip so there was always something new .
my oldest finally got to ride some bigger stuff last year like tower of terror .
they were also all known to each other according to another article .
police do n't believe this was a random incident .
i know what you 're referring to but i 'm not interested what an article says about an interview .
and while that quote is in there there is another statement made by kavanaugh later on that does n't agree with the article 's assessment of what he said .
he said he had not heard about that particular incident .
but then later he says he did hear about ramirez asking around about something .
i ca n't find access to the texts anywhere but the reports on the text do n't seem to contradict the entirety of the interview .
if you look at that singular quote in a vacuum as nbc did i think you can say there is a contradiction .
but if you take both responses together it does n't seem like he was actually lying .
i would think the rosa version would just be usb wrath qc wrath qc usb repeat .
so she would never need to use white abilities and would not need a dualcast lm2 white like elarra .
however rosa is not entirely better since elarra can still use bard and summon .
on traditional single actions you had to pull back the hammer then pull the trigger to get the hammer to snap back onto the cartridge .
the double action featured a mechanism wherein the act of pulling the trigger itself was enough to cock the hammer and release it making for a much quicker fire rate .
i feel like it 's probably something kinda big tho otherwise why get one of the actors and fallon to participate in this whole charade if it 's just for a still ?
so i came out of a long term relationship early in the summer that had a pretty lacking sex life .
i 've started to see this new guy and he 's been pretty vanilla which is fine but i 've been trying to slowly bring up some things i really like .
well recently i had stolen his sweatshirt which is a fairly common clothing brand .
we went out and he whispered in my ear that when i 'm wearing it it 's like advertising that i 'm his because the brand name initials are also his initials and just wow .
i think i ended up on the wrong thread .
legally solid abroad workplaces are supposed to have processes and people appointed
not defending aib but this was n't workplace harassement .
and as i was at this exact place as tanmay 1 instance of such behaviour is brushed aside by calling the person immature .
it had been a issue if there had been multiple allegations there is pattern and still they choose to ignore .
investments go here only direct replies to me will be processed
to prevent thread spam and other natural disasters i only respond to direct replies .
other commands will be ignored and may be penalized .
the author of this post paid 269 memecoins to post this .
visit memes.market https memes.market for help market statistics and investor profiles .
i think lick would be way more powerful than sc .
they will fall back after taking an important hostage i.e .
meanwhile jon and dany will stop the army of the dead temporarily at great costs .
they will return to winterfell and learn everything happened when they were away .
jon will decide to abandon the north and lead all the survivors to the south before the army of the dead regroups and starts marching again .
jon will be endgame king with a child with the last name stargaryen d .
bellamy is cute af but jay goatee makes him look skeezy .
played with the shy guy dice got zero three times in a row lol
too bad fantasy teams do n't have punters kern would be a top pick every week .
that would mean there was a season 11 and 12 .
i had the same thought when that little video clip first appeared !
agree so strongly with you about the strengthening comments .
people misuse the word abuse on this subreddit all the time and this is a prime example .
all over this thread there are accusations of abusing mechanics when in reality it 's just finding ways for those mechanics to synergise well .
how to sexually assault a woman and get away with it 101
julio with 5 targets very smart i bet they 're up big
your suggestion transfers all power to the most populous states .
you have n't explicitly said it but your solution means that the 5 largest states can basically pass the laws they want and fuck over the smaller states .
in your system what would protect the smaller states ?
yeah but it 's so annoying when there are pvp exclusive quests
obj is the biggest name but has n't been producing as expected cook has been hurt all season cooper is bad .
landry and golladay have both been really good this year .
wtf i thought the lions were supposed to be trash .
i have n't watched any of their other games but i 've heard them titled as one of the worst teams in the league .
obviously they are n't going to win the superbowl or make a deep playoff run but they look like a real team .
always though minotaur was made of 1 solid piece of steel turns out i was wrong !
hell bite force did what even tombstone could n't do take off minotaurs side .
i played my first draft ever m19 went 4-3 but more importantly i got two mythics bone dragon chromium the mutable even tho they did n't go with my selesnya deck.what can i say i am sucker for dragons hopefully they can be useful in constructed
here comes the flash off to fuck up the timeline once again .
daddy and i like to play victorian doctor with our friends sometimes .
usually this involves my entrails being ripped open without anaesthesia as buff moustached men forcefully hold me down on the operating table so daddy can break off one of my ribs to use as a dildo on me while i pass out from the blood loss and trauma .
i do n't know how to respond to this rip .
every time i see one of these threads i know of several movies i could list but i cant recall their names
i suspect this is due to my years of drug abuse but the notion that i have permanently damaged myself in my pursuit of emotional suppression terrifies me so i push the thought out of my mind immediately and remind myself that suicide is always an option if the damage truly is irreparable .
if i didnt do this i would dwell and eventually obsess over it a debilitating amount
im left with a lingering feeling of hollow dread forsometimes days after an experience like this
gl i am trying craft leg mage wapon with ress for 2 months .
using every cd with leg or epic quality no luck only splash dmg or heal .
i just worry that he 's going to hurt someone with that tombstone .
you can see how hard it is for him to hold people up for it .
yeah i am still very upset that herb dean did n't do shit about that .
they probably do if they have a seeing eye dog .
if you like csgo i 'd recommend rainbow 6 siege .
if you do buy it get any edition other than the 15 dollar one .
because most of reddit is tech-related in some way .
apple 's flashy ads and gadgets are n't really exciting to makers.. they 'd rather make the thing themselves from youtube videos .
people on reddit value things they can crack open and make do the next new stuff .
it 's products are designed to being featured to as many people that dont understand technology as possible .
frankly i appreciate apple stuff because i fix databases programs and servers all day and absolutely hated coming home from work to patch tuesday on my old windows boxes just to get the next patch of some game working .
i know windows is better than that now but i just want to use my stuff and not fidget with it .
i 'm in my 30s still have all my hair intact and even so i shave it a couple of times a year .
i think full baldness looks great in a minimalistic way and is way easier to maintain .
i never thought that going bald naturally is such a big issue as long as you shave it regularly .
it can do 3k tps right now that enough ?
u do realize that your the most active blockchain '' crap is bullshit do you or not ?
because it 's more important than an inflated marketcap .
also blocktivity is run by a corrupt steem whale .
the stats are pretty fair and the next version of the site will be fully open source afaik if you do n't trust the stats then implement the code once available and see for yourself .
you can also use dedicated blockchain explorers to get similar stats summaries if you trust them .
im not online now but try with no kapittle letter
they just add fake votes for putin and people who count the votes are part of the government so they will work towards putin 's victory .
wearing aqua allegoria pera granita from my aqua allegoria sampler .
opening is a sour citrus bomb with some sweet pear coming through .
i am a reputation bot here is my info on u/hookyfan
slrep no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/hookyfan sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
5 u/bm52oc https www.reddit.com/u/bm52oc no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/bm52oc sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
6 u/defqor https www.reddit.com/u/defqor no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/defqor sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
to bid on the task reply with bid directly to the original post .
to mark a bid as paid op can reply with paid amount e.g .
to confirm payment receipt the bidder can reply with confirm directly to the paid comment .
cheesy as fuck and you have to mod the game iirc .
i 'm not defending his inting merely explaining the culture of it .
even when one lane dies 2-3 times early on it 's very normal for these higher elo players to just run it down mid and give up in order to play the next one .
let 's watch this bullshit that 's about to unfold.
well you ai n't the only one doing that .
i think it 's because he gets like 10-20 seconds to throw ... somehow .
i 've had it for about 10 months and have n't had any issues with it and find it is vastly better than stock .
under heavy use such as playing a 3d game like xcom eu i 'll probably get an 8-10 drop-off per mission usually 30 minutes .
from what i could tell the battery i received in december of 2017 was manufactured back in 2016 .
by the nature of lithium-ion which decays whether you use it or not these batteries are n't as good as they were on day one .
so you 're on the right track looking for an extended one .
those had a greater potential to begin with so even diminished they are probably at least comparable to the stock battery at full strength .
also keep in mind that while powerbear stills their product on amazon they might be a zombie company at this point .
it is unlikely that they will honor their warranty and their social media and interactions with reviewers on amazon have been dead since may .
but you can also play without both at lower ranks .
i 've been meditating since september 24 2018 so i 'm quite new .
i do anywhere between 5 and 20 minutes sometimes multiple times a day up to an hour .
normally i meditate at night since that is when i am undisturbed .
well i suppose pelinal whitestrike and his armor are proof
dude how many bart formations etf denials due to manipulation exchange hacks pump and dumps ico scams etc have to happen ?
that does n't mean this is not all still new/unprecedented/unregulated and unsafe
all you get for beating river survival on hard are the gold icons at the top of the menu https i.imgur.com/gqefmry.jpg .
it really is n't worth it unless you really want to complete everything or want to get some party points .
how does the fact that he failed to actually land anything on dillon change anything ?
so if i shoot at someone with the intent to kill but i miss i 'm good to go ?
or maybe the bullet hits them in the body but they happen to be wearing a bulletproof vest ?
and do not try and tell me that my analogies over-exaggerate what happened because if a guy that big lands a kick with that much force he 's going to do a lot of fucking damage .
i 'm sure you 're inclined to reply with some shit like i never said what he did was okay '' but the last 3 sentences of your account of khabib 's culpability are completely unnecessary and come across as if you are trying to excuse his behaviour .
googling psych pineapple '' at 1920x1080 gets you these two at least although one seem to be a still from a video
you might wan na take the r out of your link to your stream it is making your link look pretty jacked .
videos hosted on reddit are removed please rehost on imgur gfycat etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
consider hot glue the only adhesive safe to use in any reptile enclosure .
high temperature is better overall but you can make low temp work .
they 're a team i always love to watch .
i 'm playing a ng and i unlock it on yellow epic or legendary .
hint he ca n't speak the language but he can read it
imagine me unbuttoning your jeans and tugging down the zipper then pulling them down so you can step out of them or sliding your skirt up your thighs bunching it around your waist .
i part your legs kneeling in front of you and kiss my way up the inside of your thighs until you feel my hot breath through your panties .
you can feel how much i want to eat you out .
i pull my t-shirt over my head and lift your legs over my broad bare shoulders skin on skin then slide your panties quickly to one side and lower my head .
you feel the touch of my tongue on your clit for the first time tasting then starting to circle slowly .
i moan deeply and quietly as i lick your wetness the vibrations passing through my lips .
one of my big hands scoops under your ass lifting you up closer to my mouth while i ease a finger into you .
you 're tight but as i slide it a little way in and out it becomes slicker and i push it deeper .
i 'm sucking your clit into my mouth now kissing it lapping my tongue over it holding you close to my face .
i 'm a 30 year old british guy available to go down on you for the next hour .
this is my first time playing a seasonal character and i 've loved making my way through all the chapters .
unfortunately i accidentally salvaged it upgrades or did something to the roland gloves and i 've been farming for the past few days trying to get lucky with drops and cube upgrades and shards but i just ca n't seem to get that piece back .
i 'm starting to feel burned out and disappointed because i ca n't progress through my seasonal journey since i ca n't complete a set dungeon without that missing piece .
the last 3 days on the eu servers the ping has been pretty high compared to the usual 20-60ms .
myself and a bunch of friends are experiencing ping above 100ms where usually we get roughly 20 .
ive verified its not on my end since i get low ping in every other game i play overwatch warframe wow diablo vermintide etc..
myself and my friends are from ireland btw i cant find anyone else mentioning the servers apart from dakotaz eu streamer who is also experiencing really high ping and thinks its his internet .
i am writing this on the premise that if the study results are accurate '' ...
i would like to see more peer reviewed studies before i start to 'officially ' accept it .
you do know that it is possible to stay on the same progressive message but dumb it down and make it stick through soundbites ?
dumbing something down does n't have to mean that you have to change your stance .
just use less complicated words with fewer syllables to get the point across to the dumbest person around .
you do have to make an effort to reach every single person .
it 's your responsibility and if you are n't able to do so it 's not the fault of the deplorables '' .
if a kid was n't getting a math problem in class would go around just insulting him ?
what kind of a teacher would you be if you did that ?
no you would try various methods to try and reach him .
you do not give up on the kid and insult him just because he does n't understand things at the speed of other kids .
just because they are republican tactics does n't make them all bad .
insulting everyone in the room maybe not such a good idea .
but making catchy phrases to get democratic points across definitely a good one.﻿ i think it needs to be done .
the following is an analysis of the speaking levels of various potuses over the years calculated by the flesch–kincaid scoring system .
now this system may not be perfect but it does give some idea .
this one analyses the first 30,000 words of potus speeches .
hillary was somewhere around 8-9th grade level sanders was around 7th grade level
as we see the speaking levels have steadily declined over the years .
partly because maybe in the olden days only the more educated rich people were more involved in politics and now more and more people are involved .
and may also be because the general reading level and cognitive abilities of people are on the decline in general .
either way it seems that simpler words and less complicated sentences are something that appeal to more people .
just like music the more generic it is the more people like it .
the more artsy and exclusive the genre only a few people into the genre would like it .
while art can be done for merely art 's sake politics is a game of numbers .
so besides trying to fix the crazy electoral college gerrymandering voter suppression and russian interferance which are hard to do and not something only the dems can control getting the message through should be a priority .
it is not hard to do and the dems control it .
now i am not saying that one should try and spend their time better spent in wisonsin trying to win over a trump voter in texas .
however there are a lot of people who just vote for shit they understand and are n't inherent racists and misogynists and bigots .
so when they ca n't understand what dems are saying they just hear jobs jobs jobs '' and vote for trump .
places that are safely blue have more intelligent discussions .
places that are purple or red or when on national stage try more soundbites .
i 'm curious to see if anyone rewards second place the team with the best regular season record or anything else .
my 10 team league had a 40 buy in this year and all 400 will be going to the champion .
can i use cockatrice to make a whacky deck experiment without being plagued by bugs and inconvenience ?
i 'm a university student who ca n't always have lunch at home due to my schedule .
as a result i often find myself in the school cafeteria or in one of the on campus cafés .
those places are packed at certain times when students are dismissed from their classes at 13:30 or 14:30 and when the staff gets their break at around 13:30 as well .
i 've learned to have lunch right before their breaks or a good 30 minutes after said breaks to avoid long ass wait times for my food .
seriously just thinking about having to wait 15-25 minutes for my food in a crowded cafe makes me not to want eat at all .
i 'm really hungry so the food always tastes great and i 'm also the only person around !
what time do you guys like to eat your meals ?
first i just want to say what a great and helpful resource this community has been .
when we bought our house last year areas of the front lawn that were easily 80 weeds .
i wanted to rehab the front as a fall project .
we were only able to work on the weekends i 'm sure our neighbors really loved us through the process s so it took a decent amount of time .
we had a tree stump crater that needed to be leveled also .
it was a really dirty labor intensive job but so worth it .
09/15 and 09/22 hauling in top soil and compost and spreading
09/30 scotts starter fertilizer with pre-emergent ss1000 tall fescue blend m-binder we have slopes .
roll with a lawn roller then sprinkle with peat moss .
09/30 10/07 we 've been sprinkling 3x a day again a big pain because we do n't have an irrigation system and we both work full time .
despite all the struggles we 're getting really great results https imgur.com/gallery/5m6mgxz https imgur.com/gallery/5m6mgxz .
we 're now at day 9 and i think we probably have at least 90 germination .
also the few weeds that were starting to pop up are turning white and dying so the pre-emergent is working wonders .
the lawn looks loads better than the weeds or patch of dirt but i think it still looks really thin .
it 's my understanding that fescue wo n't spread out much so i think i should lay down more seed ?
if i lay down more seed obviously i ca n't roll it in without damaging my green babies .
also can i sprinkle them now or should i wait until my first mow ?
hi does anyone have an issue on playing the game on oppo r11 ?
whenever a new day comes i need to go to the title screen and click repair files in order to play and it takes up alot of data if im gon na do tat without a source of wifi .
i bought atm jan calls for fb ma and fdc the day before the market began dropping last week .
i 've lost around half of my portfolio so far .
should i keep holding these calls or sell and buy some puts ?
at what point do the flyers change of the 3rd pairing and bring of philippe myers for a week or two .
would be refreshing to see a blue liner that wants to fight for the puck and play an aggressive attack instead of simply settling all game .
can anyone fill me in on why the giants did n't keep those two players ?
i thought they were both good and the giants need offensive lineman .
a line of solder hernandez richburg pugh wheeler seems solid to me .
just waking up and ca n't get rid of this morning wood on my own cum give me a hand and make me explode
this did n't make as much sense as i had intended .
it 's a long and winding soup of crap that is swirling around my head .
but whatever i 've written it down so might as well post it .
this is a bit of a continuation on my previous post about feeling my wife might be gaslighting me .
i know there 's the potential she 's not doing it on purpose that she 's just shit at communicating .
now i 'm wondering if i 'm keeping a depressed person afloat .
maybe the hurt i keep feeling has nothing at all to do with me even though it feels like it does .
i think i 'm in a relationship with someone that needs help and she does n't seem willing to get it .
she did tell me today that she 's willing to go to couple 's counseling and i 've started making calls .
i honestly ca n't tell if her love for me '' swings are my fault or because of underlying emotional issues .
in the relationship and in life nothing is her fault .
i do n't mean it 's not my fault we 're arguing '' i mean things she actually does are n't her fault .
i 'm sorry i ca n't think of a specific example right now but imagine if someone keeps running over the mailbox and time one was because the mailbox was too close to the driveway time two was because the mirror was turned time 3 etc etc etc .
this is the same for mistakes at work mistakes with dinner being late somewhere .
it really does n't matter how big or small it is always something else outside her that causes '' the mistake .
if something is her doing it is perfectly normal and acceptable .
so we 've been having severe ups and downs .
yesterday she revealed she thinks a lot about killing herself .
we can only seem to go about two months without a heart breaking blow out .
if i have a problem with something she 's done the argument turns in to how much of an asshole i am for being upset about it .
if she screws up at work her boss is an ass for calling her out .
i try to tell her that it 's ok that this is happening .
it is ok that she 's having depressed feelings .
everyone goes through hard times but it is not normal '' and it is not good .
that we have to take these things seriously and work on getting her better and then getting us better .
then she hits me with the old you i have unreasonable standards '' .
jeeze i hate saying every always never in a discussion but it again is universal ... her method for dealing with problems is to ignore them .
to her problems are only problems if you talk about them .
to her faking being happy is an acceptable alternative to working through problems .
and the biggest problem is that my loving her makes these things extremely confusing .
her willingness to cut me off at the slightest hint of trouble hurts .
i know she does n't really want to hurt me but my god how many times does this have to happen before you think ... ya know ... maybe ya do want to hurt me ?
my pain keeps sucking me into thinking this is about me .
i 'm personally invested in helping her because i love her and just when i think i can see clearly i get super damn confused because my heart is breaking too .
it gets so hard to separate my hurt from hers .
the only thing she agrees to is couple 's counseling .
and hey maybe i discover it is my fault .
later fucked two of her mom 's boyfriends was having black-out-drunk unprotected sex group sex when we met .
you would n't know it looking at/talking with her .
she 's the nicest calmest sweetest person in the world .
she says she 's better but she also revealed to me yesterday that she is creeped out '' that i lust after her when she 's naked .
15 years of marriage and she dislikes that i 'm attracted to her .
this morning she says she never said that that she simply said she feels i only like her for my body .
absolute lie but whatever we do n't always remember the details in the heat of the moment .
i thought we helped each other get back to a good place .
i think she 's still hiding the pain and i think i get to suffer for it every three months when she has an episode '' .
by the way yes i did seek counseling for the issues i had when we met .
i feel like this relationship is grinding me down .
horrible fucking person who once wrote a three page letter to my mom describing how i am a manipulative abusive person who knocked her daughter up in order to gain control and ruin her life and that my mom needs to institutionalize me or turn me into the cops for raping her daughter .
i mean three pages of the nastiest shit you 've ever heard .
i 'm pretty sure this was her mom 's attempt at continuing the tradition .
she and i were not married when she got pregnant .
we got married so she could stay in the country .
jesus fucking christ typing this makes me feel like a moron .
and it 's not as bad as it sounds .
we were quite young she was 20 when all this went down .
we had a lot of growing to do and she truly is n't the same person as when we met .
if any of you have survived rape or are with someone who can give me some perspective or just help me make my head stop spinning i 'd appreciate it .
i honestly ca n't tell anymore if i 'm wrong and i 'm making things up or if she 's in total denial and wreaking havoc on our relationship .
i do n't know if i should help her or if i need to focus on helping myself instead .
how can i separate our sexual issues from her past ?
i feel like she just decides i do n't love her and then starts spouting total bullshit reasons why it 's true .
typing this i feel like i 'm a complete fucking idiot and need to bounce no matter how much that hurts .
but why throw away a relationship with a wonderful person who has dealt with some serious shit in her past ?
the answer i have for that now is i 'm not sure she actually has dealt with it .
i 've been coming out of my psychosis for a bit with new medication and the point of this post is that i want to know the best way i can apologize to the people i had beliefs about that effected the way i treated them or interacted with them .
my thinking was so disorganized and incorrect towards people very close to me and it hurts me to know i believed such outlandish scary things about others and myself .
we 've switched our final holdout pool aeon over to our innovative predictable solo mining payout scheme and just in time for a massive difficulty drop !
come on and join in and earn full-block 's rewards at predictable intervals .
the os win 10 pro will be on a ssd .
my current/old server has 3 wd red 3tb hdd 's full of movies tv shows and music .
can i install them into my server without having to reformat ?
i tried to find some information about it on the internet but was n't able to find any mention ...
pls let me your price if you are interested .
one of the player characters a magus is going to have the guardian angel virtue .
a sidekick-angel who commented on stuff the magus did or more like a voice of conscience who occasionally voiced concerns if the magus was about to do something nasty ?
crunchwise will a guardian angel notice demons or infernal auras and warn the magus against dealing with them entering them ?
is it actually physically albeit invisibly loitering around the magus all the time ?
we got a hulu account last month and i 've been browsing through some older cartoons .
but as of earlier this week i decided to give gravity falls a look .
i 'd seen that it was apparently quite highly appraised throughout the internet .
i 'd never watched more than a few moments before .
a few episodes in and i was already hooked !
i just noticed earlier today that there were only two seasons on hulu .
at first i was confused and i thought that maybe it just got added and they 'll gradually add the other seasons .
but i checked online only to find that there 's only two seasons ? !
i thought with a show that was apparently beloved by many and renowned as one of disney 's best shows there would be at least a couple more seasons .
though i guess this just speaks to the show 's quality even more that it 's garnered such love and popularity through only two seasons in the span of six years .
i 'm kinda disappointed to find that there 's no more than that honestly .
i come from the mechanical design side of things and i always wondered why tbm 's have flat cutting heads i understand the actual cutting teeth are a different shape but the active cutting area is only a disc the diameter of the tunnel .
from my perspective that seems like trying to drill a hole with an end mill doable but slow and hard on the tool .
why do n't they use something closer in shape to a traditional twist drill or even something like a annular cutter ?
i 'm interested in the fall of roman britain especially the decline of imperial power in the late 4th and early 5th century leading up to the eventual expelling of the magistrates in the early 400s .
is the source material of someone like bide comprehensable or in any way aproachable by a non-historian or is it better to start off with something written by a modern historian ?
i would welcome any and all recommendations on this period !
any chance anyone managed to record a copy of amy huberman 's new show that aired last night ?
i 'm loving abroad at the moment and ca n't get access to the player .
if i 'm a u.s. citizen with a birth certificate driver 's license and passport decide to withdraw from the social security program what happens to me ?
any advice or explanation would be very much appreciated thank you .
i intend to buy a beefy 1080ti and oc the cpu as high as i can .
i heard that this rso is not the best for making friends because they never have any social events .
can you anyone confirm this or is this false information ?
with the ti bucket at tcr 240 it was just too weak at 500 it was healthy .
i have been changing it around in 400 to 500 tcr and at temp 280f it 's very good and does n't get the mod too hot .
the shape of the impact ps4 controller is pretty much a dream but i dont need the triggers '' under it i know you can remove them but i usually havy me fingers there so there being missing space there will annoy me more than anything .
is there a way to just get a ps4 impact controller but nothing under it so its just a flash shell ?
four years ago i moved overseas to try a relationship with someone i knew for about 5 months mostly via texts .
since then we 've had ups and downs but stayed together .
i applied for my permanent residency three years ago so i could stay with him .
for the last year i 've let the relationship drag on partly because i was waiting for my permanent residency and partly because i have feeling for him and find it hard to say goodbye after so many years .
my permanent residency was recently approved and i just took a trip back to my home country by myself because my contract at work finished .
the time alone made me realize that he 's definitely not my forever person. now that i 'm back from visiting my home i have no job and two options
1 move to a place an hour away where i always wanted to live but it would have to be with him it would be difficult for me to move there alone due to cost of living available houses and available jobs .
i currently have a job offer at a great company there but they want me to start next week .
we also have a house we would rent there for 6 months at below market rate .
going there with him for 6 months may allow me to establish myself and plan for a way to be up there on my own .
it would also allow us to save money that we would split after the 6 months this has been agreed to-he knows how i feel
2 let him move there on his own he already works in the town we would move to he just commutes and stay where i am by myself .
again i do n't have a job as i 've just returned from overseas so i would need a decent job offer and even then i would barely be able to afford it .
we have a dog that ca n't live in an apartment .
the dog would stay with me because he works long hours and does n't have time for a dog .
this limits my housing opportunities but giving the dog up is n't an option for me .
he knows how i feel none of this has been behind his back and i 've been upfront and honest .
he is hurt obviously but tells me he will help me any way he can whatever i decide .
the reason he is open to moving together is because he benefits financially as well .
our savings for the next 6 months would be split 40/60 .
i 'm eligible for spousal maintenance but am not sure to what extent .
i do n't want to take money from him especially by going though a lawyer but i do want to be able to survive .
he makes about twice as much as i was making when i had a job .
my current house is pretty small so i would n't really be able to accommodate a roommate .
i still have feelings for him i just think he is n't my forever as there are certain things i find really hard to get past .
i have told him about these things multiple times but nothing has changed .
i 'm finding myself homesick depressed and lacking motivation due to the weight of this decision
tl dr i moved overseas for my bf four years ago .
now the relationship has plateaued and i 'm stuck between moving to a place i 've always wanted to live short term for our mutual financial benefit or staying in the city i currently live who knows how long and i 'm not sure if i can make enough to support myself .
isnt he supposed to be making an album or something
it was interrogations since i could use unlimited lives for practice .
the only experience i have with the weapons are from the main campaign .
lower fire rate guns are more powerful per shot and vice versa .
got matched against level 600 players with burst rifles that challenged my knowledge on the weapons .
seems like the balancing factor of the downtime between bursts does n't matter since i get downed with one burst every time .
overall it was really fun playing slower game since i was never fast enough for r6 siege or cod .
kinda makes me feel i have to use the burst rifle though .
i have a 1080 ti with a slight oc and these are my current settings .
these seem to be the most stable settings for me with my current hardware .
i get a few dropped frames here and there but i can live with that .
i sometimes enjoy the sight of full resolution with the pixel density set to 280 but it is unfortunately unplayable in most of the scenes .
i always showcase this game to friends and newcomers and it really is no experience like it .
i really hope rocksteady wb games continues to make games of this quality because in my opinion this might be the absolute best game visually for vr to date .
i 'll eat nothing but hotdogs for a week if he gets a hattie !
we went to a music festival a few months ago and my boyfriend had about 200 worth of weed and a pipe confiscated .
it threw him off for the whole weekend and he immediately emailed corporate .
they finally got back to him months later and they said that they were going to credit the account that paid for the tickets seemingly for the whole amount based on the email they sent me .
i paid for both tickets and our camping passes on my debit card my boyfriend paid his half via venmo for a total of around 900 .
my boyfriend is insisting that he deserves all of the money because of the emotional suffering they put him through and because he was the one who initiated the reimbursement .
he also thinks that he 's entitled to it because he would have made that much '' if he had been able to sell the weed .
i get that he pursued reimbursement but i find it incredibly selfish that he is profiting off my half of the money that i also put in which is far more than his belongings were worth .
if the roles were reversed i would split everything fairly just as we paid for it .
his own half would still be more than enough to cover the cost of lost goods .
aita for claiming that i have a right to my half that i originally put in ?
just come and participate in some good ol ' chatting with your fellow sentient entities on the internet .
from the world wars to the stone age sure .
or perhaps you 'd like the plounge 's history of just this last week ?
i have a small club typically 3 or 4 of us will race together .
last night two of my members were racing and getting team influence without an issue i joined the convoy and the team influence went to 0 for every race .
today i joined them again and they told me that they started recieving team influence again after i left .
anyone know why we are being penalized when i join our club convoy ?
no team or club influence at all when i join it 's really beginning to make me feel like i am forced to play solo since i 'm apparently hurting my teammates for joining and i have no idea why .
a lot of people had been talking about how a big twist was supposed to happen in episode 5 .
and then a lot of people noticed that there was n't really a big twist .
well here 's the article that first started the rumor mill
while rumors have swirled that this season is called ahs radioactive murphy would only admit this one has a massive twist .
says murphy who co-created ahs with brad falchuk it 's a season unlike anything we 've done because there 's a big hook to it .
there 's a huge thing that happens in episode five.
also note that ryan never uses the word twist '' .
so it does n't necessarily have to be something that would shock us but it is something that is supposed to be very important to the story .
so here 's my thoughts on what this could 've been
maybe there 's a bit twist and it was moved to a different episode or maybe ryan said ep 5 but more so meant around the middle of the season '' .
michael passed the seven wonders and brought misty back from hell .
nothing overly shocking for this show but all pretty big plot points .
this is the episode where it 's revealed that we 're going back there .
not a twist for most fans but a twist for some who had n't been following the ahs news .
even if we already knew the crossover was happening maybe it 's still considered a huge event to return to the murder house and see how it fits into the grand scheme .
i 'm leaning towards 4 personally it 's the hook that leaves us hanging for next episode and even though they did n't actually go back to the murder house in ep5 this was still the episode where it was revealed they would be going back .
anyways i probably over-analyzed this more than was necessary but oh well .
i 'm mainly posting this so that people know the source of the rumor that there would be a huge twist in ep 5 .
issue 1 i have n't had more than 4 people in a forzathon event since winter started .
this is either because of more server issues or fewer players because no one wants to do forzathon because of the next few issues
issue 2 drift zones in the winter take 10x longer than they do in other seasons .
for one you ca n't see the path on most of them i 'd also like to point out how incredibly stupid it is that you have to be completely on the path to get points instead of just staying between the width of the flags .
it 's hard to break traction with cars/trucks equipped with snow tires and anything without them ca n't move fast enough in the snow to get any points .
unlike the other terrains snow slows down cars substantially .
this makes every zone take 25-50 longer than normal especially drift zones for reasons stated above .
issue 4 no one is going to grind 5 forzathon events for 1 super wheelspin just to get 3 clothing items or emotes .
the rewards are not at all worth the effort .
weekly challenge 7 million skill points in offroad vehicles which all have garbage perk trees for skill points land rover fe included is going to take 3x longer to do than all the other weekly challenges combined .
idk who came up with that number but they probably should n't be making any more decisions .
i would like to sell the motherboard cpu and ram as a combo but if i do n't get any interest in that i 'll update and put individual prices .
the rx560 is a rx460 rebrand so it had locked shaders .
i 've unlocked the shaders with a bios flash but if you 'd like to have the stock bios i can reflash it .
so i 'm in the process of buying my first bike .
wondering what advice you guys have for a rider with glasses .
it does n't get cold here so i 'm not concerned about fogging when cold i 'm worried about condensation when it 's super hot 9 months for the year its in the 90s when i did my msf course there were a few times when i noticed the condensation building up on my glasses and that is with a half helmet .
i do n't feel safe riding with a half helmet so i wo n't be getting one of those but i know the heat is going to be even worse in a full helmet .
so i wanted to ask what advice you guys have for preventing this while riding and if you would recommend as modular helmet so i can open it and air it out every now and again .
took the recomendations and went with the 2600x for the cpu .
looked around and did some research and some of the ad reviews have to deal with bios issues .
i thought this was a good mobo but now i have my doubts and wonder what you you guys think .
just wondering what you guys think of what i have so far and any other reccomendations you might have .
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/gpqrtg price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/gpqrtg/by_merchant
cpu amd ryzen 5 2600x 3.6ghz 6-core processor https pcpartpicker.com/product/6mm323/amd-ryzen-5-2600x-36ghz-6-core-processor-yd260xbcafbox purchased for 209.00
memory g.skill trident z rgb 16gb 2 x 8gb ddr4-3200 memory https pcpartpicker.com/product/ybrccj/gskill-tridentz-rgb-16gb-2-x-8gb-ddr4-3200-memory-f4-3200c16d-16gtzr purchased for 130.00
just want to share what put an end to my bruxism .
every night 60-90 minutes before bed i apply either lavender oil or peppermint oil on my cheeks/jawline and massage it in for about 4-5 minutes .
if your new with essential oils just be careful to use only small amounts because these oils are extremely strong .
i use 4-5 drops of lavender on each side of face with no carrier oil and works fine .
peppermint oil feels much stronger and could only tolerate 1 drop on each side with a carrier oil such as olive oil .
try testing first with small amounts and make sure to keep away from the eyes !
anyone know if its possible to stop your real id name from displaying when you use chat in black ops 4 .
my real id name is well.. my real name set this up back when battenet first launched and i 'd rather not have it displayed every time i type in chat .
there 's a lot of things i expect to find here .
lots of opinions and little moderation should n't surprise people here .
libertarians should expect and want these things even distractions can help brainstorming we should also expect authority to throw more distractions in the libertarian path .
some things i expected to see more of is opposition to the mic crony capitalism an authoritarian judicial system federal ownership of public lands executive branch over reach and government spending .
imho libertarians have a responsibility to stay on task regardless of the distractions if they want change .
so far i have noticed this with gmail and hangouts .
these apps are not opened but when swithcing between opened apps they will display a bubble at the bottom of the screen .
edit worth mentioning that this does n't happen 100 of the time .
i would say it rarely shows the apps mentioned at the bottom when switching .
i am on a college campus so i run by alot of pokestops each day .
i 've been looking at snoogles online and wanted to get some honest opinions on them .
a lot of people seem to recommend them but i read they can be too firm uncomfortable under the neck or too warm i ca n't sleep if i get warm .
i might hold off on a snoogle or at least buy second-hand .
any high lvl people that wan na grind some missions in twine ?
tired of people that are 30 lvl 's below the required amount join the mission and fuck everything up ...
id like to apologize in advance for any lack of posting etiquette this is not only my first time posting to this subreddit but one of my first times posting on a forum at all .
i got a pallet of mold control during a auction recently and wanted to try and move it all at once .
i made a landing page on here https lotzofdeals.com for it along with a f.a.q .
at the bottom to give to any interested parties when the time arrives .
this stuff is heavy as all hell and that makes shipping very pricey so i felt in my limited wisdom that i should stick to a more local approach to make the lower cost of delivery have an enticing effect on anyone interested in buying this ginormous stock of mold control .
for starters i spent all morning compiling names and contact info for any relate-able business within reach of half a tank of gas so if they show interest and are on the fence i can swoop in and offer free shipping and hopefully seal a deal .
my question being however when i do go through this compiled list and begin my cold calling campaign who should i aim to speak to about buying my stock ?
who in a medium to large company would usually oversee acquiring business materials like the one i 'm trying to sell ?
sorry for my lack of rudimentary knowledge in business .
i come from a poor background with zero background in business of any kind .
my family have always been work their fingers to the bone with labor jobs types there is no shame in it and in my opinion one of the most noble pursuits and it goes without saying i deeply love and respect my them for every aspect of my life that has brought me to this point .
i want to progress i want to grow and i do n't want be complacent with that life .
with that said i greatly appreciate any advice you wonderful people can offer a humble beginner .
also and feed back on the faq section would help me a lot .
i think i have covered most every question people would ask about the product but if you feel its missing something i would be so grateful for your input .
thank you for your time it is greatly appreciated .
over the past ten years i 've owned both a macbook pro and a macbook air and in that time i have n't had a single issue .
now i 'm planning to switch to a windows laptop as i do some light gaming but spend most of my time in adobe 's software premiere photoshop and lightroom .
i 've read a lot about what laptops will give you the most bang for your buck but i have n't been able to find much information on who builds the most reliable windows laptop .
i 've been looking at the dell xps 15 and the razer blade 15 but i worry about reliability .
if cost were of no concern who do you think builds the most reliable windows laptop ?
it may be because i 'm a horror junky castle rock had me on the edge of my seat the whole time until the last 10 minutes but wow this show sucks me right in the whole time .
i 'm 3 episdoes in but i ca n't wait to finish tonight !
without my vacuum cleaning would be much more time consuming .
so we are doing a lvl 18 one shot for halloween .
the dm is allowing classes from ultimate magic and advanced etc .
i was wondering if this would cause all new classes that tend to expect and use items from the later item books that came with there class release to cause trouble ?
surely witch magus summoner etc need some of the magic items from there own books by level 18 to not be massively unpowered compared to other classes from base
can anyone help me with items the new classes tend to need and should get from the newer books ?
when activated download speeds drop to a crawl from several mb/s to few kb/s .
i am sure this is not how this supposed to work .
currently thinking about adding a 2nd synology as pure backup purpose .
my main is a 918 dx517 which hold all docker and app stuff and is my front nas for wan purpose .
but even if its raid 6 i 'd like to had another one just as backup i do n't know yet if i 'll use snapshot or hyperbackup did n't search a lot so far .
my main goal is to be able to restore a full nas in case of heavy faillure like ok here the new one just build it up like the one who died yesterday .
so far i 've marked ds1817 ds1517 or ds1618 also looking at the new ds1819 .
my amount of data is currently around 22tb and i 'll go with 4tb up to 10tb drives for the backup one .
i 'll target raid 5 max in btrfs for the backup one .
of course the cost effectiveness is important in this case .
i 'm french my english may be bad please ask if you did n't catch all the thing
so i just reached the maximum level of 50 .
why do i not get more xp to gain more abilities ?
it works off-line phone laptop tablet or in other electronic devices and used home business and education .
appstosoft is the best site to provide virus free safe and secure active killdisk registration key .
for some reason now whenever i give a command to do anything with philips hue the google assistants in my house need to think about it for a few seconds then they say sorry i ca n't reach philips hue . ''
i 've searched but ca n't find anything that helps .
i 've tried rebooting my router the hue bridge and all of my assistants .
that helped for the first command right after the reboot but it went right back to lagging after that .
knowledge of hardware trouble shooting in desktop laptop parts replacement windows office other software issues microsoft outlook outlook express system data backup outlook data backup networking printers trouble shooting .
not looking for anything special but i would be interested in a valley of violence .
i also have a uphe code that can be redeemed for a hd movie from this list
this might be kind of a long post so sorry in advance .
i have been playing for about 4 years for fun .
this past month something clicked inside of me that made me want to pursue gold rank .
this post is my chronical of trying to achieve gold in one month from silver 4 .
btw i just realized i 'm very drunk while posting this .
anyways today i decided that i am an ekko main and hopefully a year from now i will be the best ekko main in na .
i spontaneously changed my name from swerv329 instagram handle to flexko .
either way this is my challenge to all midlaners .
there 's a new ekko in town and he 's coming in hot .
i will revisit this post tomorrow when i 'm sober i am sure that embarrassment and laughter will be part of my process .
thanks for putting up with the drunken ramblings of a drunk dreamer putting up his first reddit post on his favorite subreddit .
to complete the gambit seal i need to collect the entire collection badge from gambit .
i have the warlock level 50 and the other two at level 20/30 .
but to complete the collection badge i need the armour for the titan/hunter which i have n't .
do i need to play with those character or can i just buy at the drifter the armour he is selling ?
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score breakdown in the comments below ab players use https greedbutt.com/plus instead
discord users do n't forget the isaac server where you can chat in the daily channel https discord.gg/isaac
hi firstly i want to say sorry for my english .
i want to ask opinion from you about my problem .
actually now i already working for a company position android dev about 1 month .
the problem here is i am the only android developer in the company .
i find that if i stuck at something problem it is hard for me to ask somebody .
the hardest one is when the solution is not in google or stackoverflow .
the only one i can ask is my boss because he is also the developer but not full time doing coding .
because he is a boss i am too scared to ask a lot of question to him .
so should i find a new company that have a lot of developer at least senior developer which will help my career growth or stay with the company ?
then the bollywood boyz are really gon na need to be the first champions !
they 've been screwed over so much first when it came to ring ka king they were the first and only champions and did n't even get to defend it since the promotion got shut down before it started and secondly gfw they were the one and only tag team champions and held the titles for years despite never defending them both reigns under jeff jarrett in charge .
i feel wwe and 205 live can redeem the bollywood boyz and give them an actual reign of tag team championships and have them run with it for a long time to before being dethroned by redragon
due to daylight savings starting october 1st the weekend saturday battlecup is now very late in a lot of regions .
if anyone at valve sees this is there any chance it can be pushed back an hour ?
after a one-time-hair-straighterner-incident https i.imgur.com/fwcjd4x.jpg last week i think my curls still love me !
routine condish with dr. organic olive conditioner and after you wash that out you grab some andrelon happy curls cream and squish it in .
it should n't be because you are not receiving the interest from anyone .
i am unfamiliar with the topic so please ask an expert .
i 'm kinda sorry right now because i do n't really know how to respond to this .
it 's not that simple and i find myself in that bottle neck again .
you are kind of saying that it 's not my right to spread knowledge about sensitive matters like this but 'joe 's ' parents are because they somehow know better .
i 'm not saying that i am better than you as a parent to educate your kid .
but what if in the free world there is some knowledge that is not available to you and it 's only relevant through our eyesight .
things that you could never ever provide for your kid if he ends up in that kind of trouble like i did .
we all understand what 's cheaper and more efficient .
i was getting my three year old daughter ready for daycare the other morning and just looked at me hugged me and said you know what ?
this is why the new wl rewards are n't very good .
mbappe is the only desirable player and there 's little to no chance of getting him .
icardi immobile and lacazette are okay but you would n't change your team to incorporate them in unless you were rocking serie a or prem before .
player picks for monthlies would at least give you a shot at some better players because there would be more of them and having that selection would be good even for the lower level players .
it 's improved over the years but you have to admit it 's got a vaguely barney the dinosaur look to it
yes if you can swing that but if it was me i wouldnt be trading my yeldon for your drake .
shucks you ca n't run russian spyware and steam at the same time ? !
you should totally uninstall steam and tell them to fix their software !
please enlighten us as to what a real job is mr. gatekeeper ... the fact you dropped the you do n't know what a real job is leads me to believe you 're the guy in the op 's picture .
go look at the top percentage drops in sp500 history .
what the list https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_daily_changes_in_the_s 26p_500_index does n't do well is illustrate multi day losing streaks but the past but sp500 is down 2.5 from a week ago .
that 's nothing compared to anything on this list .
i was n't actively trading in 2007-2008 the people that i knew that were 2 guys had pulled all their money out because they both thought the housing bubble was going to burst and figured the market would shit itself .
it 's really too bad they did n't actually try and short any of the vulnerable companies back then but they did n't lose their asses either .
mustafa ali was chicago-based before he went to wwe and was the ace for a small indie called freelance wrestling .
i 've seen some comments saying yankees sitting andujar last night shows the yankees are all in on machado and i do n't necessarily believe that .
andujar was brutal this post season getting i think 1 hit a bloop single and with cc pitching and a guy like walker on the bench it just made sense not to play andujar last night .
i do n't think it shows any kind of lack of belief in andujar .
his bat is what kept in in the lineup all year so when he 's not hitting there is no reason to play him .
and why pay machado a hefty contract if we can get the results we got from andujar for pennies comparatively .
holding for art is a phrase used on film sets when they are waiting to shoot but the art department needs to fix something on set first .
i was a film student when i created my reddit account .
if you did how would you compare the c/p to aamc ?
that flag decal ca n't get that big without file editing can it ?
nonfarm payrolls rose just 134,000 well below refinitiv estimates of 185,000 and the worst performance since last september when a labor strike weighed on the numbers
and then turn 3 i can usually play the steam-kin and hold an instant or play another 1 drop to make it have 2hp which is a little beefier .
you got ta fight until your mind/body gets used to being sober .
that 's not necessarily 45 hours a week that might only be 40 hours a week .
some companies give an hour lunch break and if you want to get more hours you can just work through most or some of the lunch break .
if you 're gon na join the wcc great club too you might as well join randonneurs ontario http randonneursontario.ca next year too there are a lot of great rides around the province i 've been doing it for a few years and been to some great areas that i 'd never have thought to visit .
waterloo county riding is good training for riding elsewhere in the province .
i prefer to wait and to make the best choice .
by the way what do you think about thinkpad p series ?
well with the anime naegiri moments are much more obvious since we actually see makoto and kyoko nale their pinky promise for her to prioritize her safety over everything else and makoto and kyoko 's blushing moments .
the anime added a few unique scenes tho like we actually see chihiro working on and creating alter ego we see sakurs spill her protein coffee etc .
in general tho the game is a million times better lol
but this pleases people who were whining about it .
i 'm having a blast watching the eu teams .
they all seem like they play the game in a more interesting way than bleeding out small leads over 30 minutes .
i had thought of this and love the idea ... but they are veteran ravers so they already have hydration bags and diffraction glasses and stuff like that !
making a little rave care package for them to have could be great though .
in addition to all the trauma that comes with reliving her testimony in addition to all the death threats and harassment that comes with going public she has to watch her rapist elevated to the pinnacle of power .
i mean i guess she inspired more women to come forward but honestly i would n't be surprised if it has the opposite effect .
you 'll only be subjecting yourself to a nightmare and no one is going to believe you anyway .
i 've had to remove your recent post on r/kikpals because your title did not comply with our preferred formatting .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
use only m f t r and g for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
finally please make sure you read the rules on the sidebar !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
cosmetics do n't matter '' is n't true in a multiplayer setting otherwise they would n't be so popular .
cosmetics in a social setting is a form of expression which is a core aspect of a multiplayer game .
therefore because cosmetics enhance a multiplayer 's game 's experience one can argue that cosmetics are p2w .
i 'm trying to remember one of the desert strike series that appeared on playstation .
it was a choppy unplayable mess ... i think it was jungle strike ... not sure though ...
ottomans were turks and they used a feudal economical system called timar in a multi national empire .
nothing comparable with the conquest of the iberian peninsula by arabs and berbers .
i love horror movies but if they were all like this audio i would have loved them a whole lot more .
heck you should win the contest for the tags alone .
i would n't be surprised if matt and winston are top 5 qb 's this week .
this is in general i do n't know if you fit any of these op so it 's not directed at you however it will be for some who reply .
if you are bitching about the collectors edition box so you can go sell it at a higher value while bitching about rmt you 're a hypocrite .
if you 're bitching about the box even though you do n't give two shits about the game and are just wanting to throw something away or burn it on a photo then you 're just a whiner who needed something to hate .
if you sold of your stuff while screaming about rmt you 're a hypocrite .
if you then bragged about making a profit while screaming about rmt you 're a double hypocrite .
if you 're still trying to bring the game down after bragging about making a profit from selling your stuff you 're a whiner hypocrite that just needed something to hate .
if you troll any news post about shroud in order to post how terrible the game is when you have n't played it in months or years then you 're a liar and a whiner .
if you got me or others banned from the mmorpg sub using lies while teaming up with a known banned doxxer while at the same time shouting about being censored you 're a hypocrite and a liar .
i swear if there 's one thing that the shroud journey has taught me it 's you really pull some scum in when you do a kickstarter .
in general if none of those fit whoever is about to reply then the hate replies are unneeded .
i did n't know i qualified but it turns out i did .
and no i 'm not crying about them selling different boxes later .
but saying just use discord is idiotic and did n't provide any reason native chat would n't work in loading screens
a different rockies fan said he 's arizona 's todd helton .
yeah i was about to say as well i have a blade at 5/50 and a ghulk at 3/45 .
some people do n't learn for a while that they should n't try to battle out of joint locks or they do n't know their limits .
you applied it in a controlled manner you were n't ripping it he pushed his limits a bit too far .
however 1 stripe white belt could be like 2 months of training so do n't expect the guy to know wtf he 's doing .
if it feels like anything then it is not nothing .
if it is nothing then there are no feelings .
i was not really looking for people to agree with me ... everything here is just opinion anyway .
wasps+bees+ants+spiders+scorpions ticks+parasites all going for the kill seems hard to even begin to plan for .
i think it was more being upset then fired up with mcdowell .
i think he was just tired of having a run in with the same guy .
trend this traffic by week yoy to take seasonality out you now have a view of what is growing and shrinking on your site
i just remembered and going off the hunch i asked if she happened to punch a guy in the throat .
i heard an audible gasp from my father in-law .
should 've spent money on this game instead of trash 2k who scams their users money by purposely disconnecting them and making transactions not going through .
but only 3 at a time twice a month with friends never alone with sadness .
i like how niles is just look my otp is pure .
i 'm from lynn ma born in salem went to northeastern in boston
maybe i 'm not much for trying things but i do like coke and orange soda .
i like that ultimate is looking like a game where 3-stock makes sense !
grew up going to cedar point all summer long .
i ca n't smell vinegar without thinking of it .
i seriously thought that this was a normal thing till i read this post .
edit i clearly remember growing up most restaurants offering vinegar especially seafood places .
a lot of people prefer these over the 87s i have a pair and they are super light and comfy
i picked him up but dropped him for someone i forget .
at this point you think dropping miller for blue might he a good idea ?
there are no parties ... there is corrupt and not corrupt ... mostly corrupt .
if you consider yourself to be on the left though..you had better accept every single thing they tell you to ... or else you are every name in the book .
socialism is being pushed by open border globalist 's who already flooded europe with refugees '' to destabilize the country and our sovereignty so they can completely take over and rape it dry ... .and if they can get a civil war going like they did in other countries all the better for depopulation and diversion .
also too small a dose leaves the possibility of another od on same dose open
sometimes bad people need to die so good people can live in peace .
oh shit i think i raided with you in destiny 2 recently
so there really is no such thing as a free lunch .
if there 's no such thing as lunch that means ... dear god ... that means ... there 's no such thing ... as ...
i think that this season is going to be that .
nice just need some flashing blue lights to complete the look 😁
the registration purge was the result of the controversial exact match program which requires the voter registration application to have identical information as the person 's information in the state 's department of driver services database or the social security administration 's records .
this means that any minor discrepancy such as a missing hyphen or middle initial could result in a rejection .
the program has a long history of disproportionately affecting minority voters .
70 of those effected are black although they are 32 of the general population .
if the only way you can win is to cheat something is seriously wrong with you your policies and your party .
the city at first said no then they re decided and said yes .
its about 1.20pm in the afternoon here on friday in new zealand .
got the day off got beer lets do this !
no winning brienne would n't be a cake walk .
regardless of whether she ends up with jaime or the hound some other guy or swearing an oath of celibacy tormund is n't even in the running from her point of view .
he needs to accept that stop harassing her and discussing her behind her back and find a woman.. or bear.. who does want him .
i inadvertently kill countless birds/fish/amphibians and contribute to the honeybee hive collapse because people think insects are icky .
children not working is a privilege of modern technology what you do n't see is when they made it illegal '' lot 's of children died and families struggled heavily .
had absolutely nothing to do with nation wide collectives .
i agree and i also hate the automatic wiper function .
they always go way too fast or way too slow .
i finally figured out how to turn it off after 4 years of owning the car .
i recently purchased two pairs of darn tough socks and i 'm so excited every time i put them on !
young boss 1 lt beer.. maybe skol beer the like lada samara .
wow i had no idea this was in the r works
never even knew this was there and am surprised its not in use ... thats a prime downtown spot ...
i just meant that i think he 'll start to go even more downhill and i said soon cause i do n't think jon fitch is gon na do it .
if a rematch happens with lima i think he 'll really fuck up rory
i 'd almost bet he just says wake up .
do n't think a coach can really go kicking and screaming into the room with a bad team on a night like this 4 games into the year .
everyday i have to pinch myself to make sure i 'm not dreaming or dead xd
i just got word that i might be going to whitehorse near the alaska/canada border in a few weeks .
it 'll just be a day or two for a quick job .
why could n't we do this job in the summer ...
i mean people use to run down animals because people can exert heat without dying unlike some big animals .
i do n't care how loud the machine is that is chasing you down if it can last longer it does n't need to be quiet .
i mean ... it matters ... they did n't just record for the three hours it took to murder that guy .
it destroyed '' her in the critical areas she needed to win in order to secure the electoral college nomination .
she had no problem getting votes in liberal cities but those were not the votes she needed .
i do n't know be aware that trucks have a large fucking turning circle and have complete right of way to use multiple lanes when turning .
it just came to my realization that ayanami carries a sword because her torps literally slice ships in half due to sheer destructive force
usually i have some nice convos with the people i play but this guy was salty from the second i scored the first two are from when i tied the game 7-7 and the ones after are after more touchdowns .
we need to be better about holding in the d zone
level 30 electric net would be pretty op with a bloons master alchemist huh .
yeah i will be in theaters for the next week and a half in alamo drafthouse cinemas ! ! !
i found feed that has play by play so at least can tell what happens on the raptors end when they showing the replays .
please remember to tag your post with a flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jacksucksatlife if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's also a species of shadowspawn created by aginor who are undead humans with the ability to read minds named zomara .
i would 've forgotten about them totally if not for my revisiting of chapter 3 in kod when the forsaken have a meeting .
now all you need is the carbon fiber sweet business
apparently buzzfeed deleted the original one but i found this https youtu.be/byljlhmijvy
why am i of the caster class you ask ?
you were asking the opposite when my own rate up was announced .
'why is mister holmes in the ruler class ? '
there are multiple hypotheses on why today i appear as one of the caster types .
maybe it 's a reference when i said i am a caster-class servant ?
maybe the artist forgot that day 23 is the 'servant with a different class ' ?
or most likely my master has no favorite casters and i happen to be his second favorite ruler and thought he could exploit a loophole ? ''
i was pretty anxious coming here as the typhoon warning was announced .
after a 4 hour bus ride i got there and could n't even use google translate to speak to the lady .
a few people that spoke english tried to help out but the manager was being persistent and giving off bad vibes .
i asked for breakfast as everyone was eating and she told me no .
i cancelled my booking online and booked a far more expensive hostel ... then asked if she could get me a taxi ... she said no again .
so i walked out and tried to get a taxi to my new place got rejected by two so then walked in the rain for an hour till i found the place using google maps ... which just shows the direction you are walking .
to top it off i stopped at a noodle place to get something warm and accidentally ordered a bowl of ice cold noodles .
there was a block of ice in the noodles .
while you have a good argument i do n't think brute force is really his style .
i was more thinking about how he would maneuver around the ice similar to how he did when he had cars thrown at him by scarlet witch .
only if you have a pc player in the lobby .
however at least you can actually avoid his fear .
with eve if she even touches you you get charmed
sorry that you just refuse to admit any flaws in tlj .
but then if johnson had done a better job portraying what was happening this would n't be a question .
i 've swerved from raised religious to agnostic to atheist to deist all over the spectrum really .
presently i 'm cool with where i 'm at .
blackout is the br mode for the new call of duty coming out tomorrow .
people are expecting it to be a pubg killer .
because you can train anyone to volley fire with 100 other randos in a day .
i want the option to go picture in picture while i use other apps but i do n't want it doing it by itself .
i 'll be watching a video on youtube in full screen and not touching my phone and it 'll decide to pip .
nice shot but the post-processing is a bit heavy-handed in my opinion .
my weight at the end game levels is always 60 potions that i do n't even remember picking up or ever using .
what is the reason for it to have arms ?
do they help with balance the same way ours do ?
umm ... you do know you posted the same thing four times right ?
i 'm proud to say i was one of the people who knew kanye was a douche the moment i first heard him speak .
extella link better have a scene where we can play with lizzie 's tail !
i did n't love the dress i thought the wide view of the back was pretty but the rest of it felt kind of matronly and heavy to me .
the tiara was n't my fave for a wedding but it was fun eugenie-ish .
reminded me of something you 'd see on the cover of the jewel kingdom emerald princess children 's books anyone else read those as a kid ?
my buddies and i are half-jokingly/half-seriously obsessed with meghan harry .
meghan looked very pretty in her navy outfit simple fascinator .
i think kate looked meh in her outfit i love the pink color but i feel like the structured puff sleeves make her look a bit stuffy old .
i hated her dress for pippa 's wedding too .
i wonder if the palace pressures her to dress more maturely now or something but it bums me out .
whilst the big ones my moc the small one is n't .
it 's based on a chris mcveigh one and was there so i could get a photo on that day i was in the middle of a photo a day project do n't know if his uses the same core but pretty simple inside just a few snot bricks to allow for the patty texture and 1x4 with bows as the bottom bun .
i had no idea it 'd end up on ideas at that point but it is the photo that prompted it as it was picked up by brothers brick amongst other things .
i should have worded my statement about counters earlier better .
nukers counter his passive really well as they wo n't trigger it as often .
you 're right that nukers ar n't often the best counter to belerick himself but i was just trying to speak to his passive in that comment so i should have clarified
my argument therefore is that you must know that someone exists outside your head before you can have a relationship with them and logic and reason are required to know that someone exists outside your head
i would change know '' to believe '' here but sure .
therefore logic and reason is the fundamental basis for all relationships with actual things .
a necessary ingredient for something does not mean that the fundamental basis for that thing is said necessary ingredient .
for example flour is a necessary ingredient in cookies but everyone knows the fundamental basis for cookies is that they are made with love this is a joke .
more seriously cars need gasoline to be driven but no one would say that the fundamental basis of driving a car is gasoline .
you 're tying knowing something exists really closely to forming a relationship with them but the reason this does n't make sense to me is because it is only an argument one would bring up in the concept of theology .
if we were discussing relationships totally outside of the realm of religion this focus on things must exist '' would seem really left field .
like if we were discussing peoples relationships with their parents we would never tie the fundamental basis of their relationship with their parents to the cognitive reasoning they utilize to determine that their parents exist '' .
since we are n't debating anything in regard to religion here and we are only debating relationships and their nature you lose me with this argument entirely .
even if emotional response were the fundamental basis of relationships rather than a modulating factor emotional responses themselves are dependent on cognition e.g .
so your argument is that because we logically want to experience good emotions things that we value for emotions we do n't actually value for emotions but value for logic instead ?
cognition is all about experience and awareness but logic and reason is often utilized for things we are n't cognizant of and there can be things that i 'm cognizant of that are n't logical .
it seems in your sources they are just saying we applied stimulation and measured an emotional response '' .
she did give me a massage but later on offered me the rest .
did you start when they were still in the al ?
to facilitate that type of discussion all submissions must be articles videos or sound clips .
the following are also disallowed satire or humor pieces .
please save these submissions for our weekly satire sunday '' megathread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't care what it costs but the way samsung is hyping this thing up unless this thing is literally perfection they are just shooting themselves in the foot hyping it up this much .
either they are that confident in this thing i doubt it or they know this thing is a gimmick and a bad one and they are hoping people preorder the hell out of it before they realize .
the kroger brand does n't have shapes for macaroni only penne and spaghetti so this is actually so nice to hear !
rexxar the one to the left of the bear is supposed to be lone druid .
nature prophet is probably the answer although i 'm not sure either .
fuck that if it 's federally mandated forget the synthetic urine .
just search on reddit for a actual detox drink that has been reviewed and works and you will definitely pass because only 1 gram is n't a problem if you smoked more then it would be a problem
seems like an okay option if it 's already cooked and just keeping warm .
i do n't feel i have to explain my art to you warren .
the problem is n't making comparisons it 's pretending that established brands have no defects .
gm killed 127 people hid and denied it for years and yet a couple bumpers falling off is a substantially larger issue ?
the question is was she part of that extremely marginal group of people survived it ?
each one of these bullet points is dumber than the next .
why would i even want that problem healed sounds awesome !
i 've seen and even participated in other threads where women are pretty eager to share the love .
when orgasms are few and far between for a lot of women once one of us finds something that works we want to shout it from the rooftops .
not an asshole you had no negative intentions and you had difficulty communicating .
if your english was actually bad then the person should have corrected you and left it at that rather than getting pissy lecturing you and then refusing to give you directions .
being inclusive is important and misunderstandings translation issues happen all the time .
i think for full benefit to army tradition from forts your forts need to be the highest tier available to you .
i see a lot of service dogs in my area .
and my son knows never to pet a dog without asking but almost every time an owner sees him eyeing the dog they let him pet the dog .
maybe it 's only dogs in training that ca n't be pet ?
his father only became an american citizen in 2005 .
from 1973 to 2005 he was a canadian citizen .
so ted was born to a cuban and an american in canada .
i 'm afraid that the church 's massive power will continue to be abused so long as presumably good people like you continue to support it .
i 'm not in your shoes but i have trouble imagining that you 're getting anything of value from that outfit .
i personally would be happy to hear you and your family voted against the church with your feet and wallets .
yeah all the cream substitutes do n't do it for me either .
i want to go out and do stuff but at the same time i do n't know what to do and how to talk to other people
logically they are far superior in intelligence than humans .
and it always happens when you just need that last drop to craft/evolve something .
if what you have told me is true you will have gained my trust
is it bad if i think nothing is detrimentally wrong with him ?
he 's always been like this some eccentric artist that is like tripping balls all the time .
i do n't really think he 's harming himself or others through these actions .
which iphone ... or better said which modern phone has its charger on the side ? ?
authorities only have to be involved if the structure or safety of the building is affected like removing a load bearing wall or building a fireplace or the exteriour appearance is changed removing a balcony adding dormer windows to the roof etc .
the room uses described in the floorplan are not official but there are minimum requirements for rooms meant for people to spend some time in aufenthaltsräume you ca n't convert a 3 sqm windowless bathroom into a bedroom
yes i know what hdr is but it 's not specifically the effect being described which is brightness adaptation simulating pupil dilation .
she could stop driving fossil fueled cars to protect her grandchildren from it
missing some decos wo n't make or break you .
you 're getting single digit efficiency out of a fully optimal build compared to one that 's missing some decos .
level 5 by definition can drive off the road through someone 's yard if necessary .
it 's a distinction that goes well beyond mapping and is human level driving capability .
level 4 and lower has to park and wait for a human to drive for it if there is no other option .
it 's why they ca n't legally remove the controls in any proposed changes .
level 1 can stop for a fallen tree that 's cruise control with assisted emergency braking .
identifying the obstruction as a fallen tree and finding an alternate route off road is well beyond your understanding of level 3 .
re legislation i know i 'm the one that just educated you on those proposed upcoming changes .
your pogo pipe dream ca n't pass crash testing .
it 's a generational book by steinbeck that start with a murderous out of old-school drunken malice family feud that ends with people hiding on their farm while their patriarch comes to kill them .
also the part where you ask if they can really change is a central theme of the book .
definitely wouldnt tell her she might shoot the messenger and possibly bring you down .
you might think she wouldnt donthis to you but people change when they 're put in a bad situation .
if youd like you can do some job searches for her and casually bring them up a few days after all that .
she might be too upset to get everything back on track and might appreciate the effort .
or maybe you can say you heard a rumor in the break room about the company needing to downsize .
if she knows shes not that good at her job she might start looking on her own or at least wo n't be so surprised ...
i do n't know if i want to see the mountain 's purple helmet haha
we ran that tricky little quick pass to alshon last night against the giants and i ca n't help but think julio would score on a play like that every .
i get that and can totally see why it would feel that way .
i personally like the cheesiness of it so the sudden turnaround was n't that jarring for me .
even though the asgard sections were way better than the earth ones .
e x h i l i r a t i n g
sounds like this was n't an actual feature request just some bloke in dev having a lark and production going along with it .
when it started it was good then got taken over by radicals like most subreddits
out of curiousity why are you going with sw v sw p as the opener and waiting until da+vb before popping vt ?
i start casting vt 2 seconds before pull then sw p then da vb first sw v .
it seems odd not to get both your dots on as soon as possible and take advantage of the pull '' to precast vt .
i also prefer the stun over the shorter silence because even talented the silence is still fairly long and i find the usefulness of the stun far outweighs 15 seconds shorter silence if for no other reason that often mobs who cant be silenced can be stunned instead but the stun itself can also be used to interrupt on mobs that can be when your silence is down .
no for the dem woman running for the 11th district whose name i ca n't remember because i 'm awful
i 'm getting lost connection to host except now it 's not even giving me the message anymore just booting me to the menu .
she knew what she was signing up for when she agreed to marry him .
she knew he would never be faithful to her .
she got her anchor baby her millions her fame and she knows that if the case of a divorce she is still set up for life .
no matter what happens it 's a win/win for her .
someone on reddit can you give you a few tips i think .
he did great work and he would no doubt be president again if the republicans had n't put through the 22nd amendment .
but then again no 22nd no gwb either so there 's that too .
do n't gloss over failures breaking our arms patting ourselves on the back .
but ya ca n't argue the shootings part has to be alot of factors rolled into that .
i do n't think it 's such a easy fix .
no and stop mean no and stop not maybe .
nah we would have told atc field field in sight '' right before touchdown .
well lately it can feel like because the sjw and lbgt groups that stand out make a lot noise for stuff that in really most people dont mind or did n't judge on .
so it ends up you have one group yelling injustice and being loud and the opposite side has morons that also have problems with everything example gay marriage and that those things are any of there business .
then we have us in the middle that does n't care what you do unless its harming someone or things .
but are something curious and just want to learn so they dont feel ignorant but they get dragged into the ignorant category .
was allowed but now my post has been removed .
nah they 're only just getting ready to start their junior year of high school .
if you are someone who has wasted ample amount of money while attempting to pass the db2 10 for z/os c2090-320 exam there is a way of better preparing for the exam and a guarantee that you will clear it successfully in the first attempt .
testschamp is offering a highly innovative and customized plan for the candidates who are looking forward to attempting the c2090-320 exam .
apart from the money which candidates waste on attempting the exam multiple times they waste a lot of time and the will to pass the exam .
so testschamp have kept these factors in mind while creating their db2 10 for z/os c2090-320 program .
first let 's discuss the main features of the product which distinguish it from the other ways of preparing for the c2090-320 db2 11 fundamentals for z/os program or the products offered by the competitors .
pass ibm c2090-320 exam easily with questions and answers pdf
in the world of continuous innovation and people trying to make things easier for them with the help of c2090-320 technology testschamp are also looking to keep up with the trends .
candidates having to make notes arranging them and preparing from them is a thing of the past .
now you can have all the material you need to prepare for the c2090-320 exam right on your mobile phone .
taking out the hustle of installing the product the ability to be extremely portable printable and being suitable for mobile phones and tablets are some of the reasons why testschamp have decided to provide db2 11 fundamentals for z/os preparation material to their clients in the pdf format .
almost every mobile phone and tablet supports pdf format and you can open and prepare the db2 11 fundamentals for z/os preparation material wherever you are or whenever you feel comfortable .
another advantage of using a pdf format is you can search for any working with sql and xml basic ability to write a data control language dcl sql statement basic knowledge of subsystem parameters topic you want to study .
you can easily navigate from one topic to another with the simple search tool .
the c2090-320 db2 11 fundamentals for z/os preparation material included in the pdf file is aimed to focus on the questions which are more likely to be there in the c2090-320 exam .
so the candidates will only be focusing on the things which are important .
if you think that offering the c2090-320 preparation material in the pdf format is not something unique or also being offered by other competitors testschamp have come up with a one of a kind practice exam software .
the software is aimed to provide an environment to the candidates which simulate a real-exam scenario .
the candidate will know what it will feel like when he/she will be present at the actual ibm c2090-320 db2 11 fundamentals for z/os exam .
the installation of the exam software is very simple and easy .
testschamp is providing an instant download of the c2090-320 exam software right after you make the purchase .
you can install it on your window based computers .
the software is capable of storing all the information about the attempts you will make and the errors and improvement you made in each attempt .
this will allow you to keep track of your progress and will give a better picture of where you stand as far as the preparations go for the c2090-320 db2 10 for z/os program .
testschamp claims that the question included in the exam will be similar to the questions of the actual exam .
now you must be wondering how 's that possible right ?
the reason behind that claim is the consultation of more than 90,000 professionals from all over the world .
these professional have a great idea about which topics and questions are more important and are likely to be present in the real c2090-320 db2 11 fundamentals for z/os exam .
the same 90,000 professionals are also consulted to keep the product updated .
you can customize it based on time and type of questions in order to prepare better for the c2090-320 exam .
testschamp are very confident in the effectiveness of their product .
if you decide to purchase and use their product you will get the following guarantees
testschamp is giving the money back guarantee that you will be able to pass the ibm c2090-320 exam in the first attempt .
that 's how much they are confident in the effectiveness of their product .
the reasons behind providing money back guarantee are that if the candidate uses the software properly do self-assessment through the mock exam and keeping track of the progress there is no chance that he/she will not pass the ibm c2090-320 exam in the first attempt .
also because the product is created and updated by highly qualified personnel throughout the globe the candidate will be preparing the questions that will be similar to the questions of the real exam .
buy ibm c2090-320 exam quick study material and get 20 discount try free demo
as testschamp is providing the guarantee of passing the c2090-320 db2 11 fundamentals for z/os exam in the first attempt they are also guaranteeing that you will save a lot of your time and money when you purchase and use their product .
students pay hundreds of dollars to appear in the exam .
if you fail the c2090-320 exam in the first attempt you have to pay the registration fee again and again until they clear the exam .
another factor is that they are also spending a lot of their time in the preparation of the db2 10 for z/os c2090-320 db2 11 fundamentals for z/os exam and having to appear again and again .
some might also lose hope and the will to pass the exam just because they fail to pass in the first couple of attempts and have to appear again which can be demotivating sometimes .
so if you are getting a guarantee that you will be able to pass the c2090-320 db2 11 fundamentals for z/os exam in the first attempt you will save more time and money in the long run .
so these were the distinguished features of the practice exam software offered by testschamp for the preparation of db2 10 for z/os c2090-320 exam .
we hope it will give you a clear idea about whether you should purchase and use their product or not .
creator of amiibo.land https amiibo.land here ... just wanted to post an update and share that amiibo.land https amiibo.land now supports profile sharing .
this means you can send your wishlist or collection to friends ...
however there are a couple caveats to be aware of ...
to view a profile you must be a member of the website .
currently your url is your userid which is a number that does n't really mean much to users .
i might change this in the future so that your url shows your username instead .
i need to see how special characters are going to behave in the url since i did n't do much restricting when users sign up .
i have a large list of feature requests that i will be working through this was one of the biggest request .
c'mon shg please sort this out once and for all .
i can put up with most glitches but this one just keeps running and running .
so infuriating especially when you 're stuck in one of those spectator glitches that only seem to happen when you 're the allies team on neptune and when you eventually join the game you ca n't focus on anything !
max pitruzella http www.yehoodi.com/blog/2017/4/18/max-pitruzzella-accused-of-sexual-assault-by-5-women ? rq=max 20pitruzella multiple accounts of sexual assault rape
mark kihara http www.yehoodi.com/blog/2018/10/16/seattle-based-swing-instructor-emcee-accused-of-sexual-assault an account of drugging and sexual assault
these sick people are not just roaming around our dance scenes but are often leading them !
is there a more complete list of these predators ?
i want to make sure that they 're not welcome in my scene and events or at least to put everyone on guard and watch out for each other .
just got into passion fruit after thinking it was weird for years and i love it .
been having a lot of drinks and desserts with it in recently so i said let 's go fucking mental and bought myself two actual passion fruits to eat .
the packaging they came in covers most of the fruit but you can still see bits of it and you can see the full thing if you rotate the fruit .
anyway did a little google search to see how long i should wait before they 're good to eat or if they 're good to go .
it said give it a few days wait until they 're a bit wrinkled .
dunno if that 's right but i know you can fuck up avocados if you do n't wait so i took it at its word .
left it a few days and checked my fruit each day and it was n't ripe enough .
today they looked right and i 'm like awesome time to eat these tasty boys and when i free them and get ready to munch they 've got fucking mold on ! ! !
it 's been 4 days since i bought them ! !
could you advise me on the best sources of news of the world without corruption and sensationalism ?
i want to be informed about the world but i ca n't handle the mass media 's brainwashing ...
this table requires a minimum of 500 spending on food/drinks .
hiring us as your web design company sri lanka https www.fastwebs.lk/web-design means having an expert web designing company who has a greater knowledge of the local market on your side .
we design websites that attract local consumers by using our knowledge and expertise .
150 people is a grate deal to me and im really gald i had these people join me i know lots of youtubers celebrate when they hit 1000 but this really means alot to me that people enjoy what i do
i 'm colin 17 years old and an it freak .
i 'm looking for someone who is willing to help me learn for ccna .
my origin is the netherlands and i 'm studying for my first ccna certificate .
i 'm having trouble learning sometimes because i ca n't connect some dots .
is there anyone willing to help me via a chat app like google hangouts whatsapp or kik or something else will be fine when i have any questions ?
google is n't able to help me out with every question i have and so is n't my teacher when i 'm at home studying at night .
would n't it be nice ladies to have that dream job an endless wardrobe a glamorous apartment and a bank account with more zeros than your love life ?
i picture your character as someone who 's had a recent string of bad luck .
fired behind on rent boyfriend now ex has admitted he wears socks with sandals .
you 'd probably prefer it if you caught him cheating right ?
anyway you 've had enough and sell your soul .
now it could be something simple as saying the right words in the right order think sarah at the beginning of labrynth and i appear with the offer of a life time .
now while there could be quite a bit of kink involved i think a few light hearted themes could be included .
you 're the first who 's took me up on this offer so i 'm trying to maintain a relationship with you and run the underworld .
some nights i 'll pop up and just bitch about a bad day at the office '' .
if this sounds like fun or you 've got anything to add send me one of them little orange envelopes and we 'll see if we can set up a long running roleplay full of kink fun and bad jokes !
have a dataset that is over 30,000 rows long and about 30 columns wide .
for example booking 123abc may have 3 transactions – 2 invoices and 1 refund .
what i want is to have a ‘clean ' dataset that is only showing the last invoiced transactions .
inv123-1 as the first two rows are an invoice and refund that cancels each other out .
i tried various formulas but in my head i 'm not sure if this is something that can be done with a formula .
if so i 'd definitely need help because i 'm not very well versed in them .
not actually thought of in the shower but in a discussion with my daughter this morning .
i tried to think up a good way to explain why learning very day little by little is better than a lot at once .
in tetris at the beginning of the game individual pieces are put into place unhurriedly and when a row field of study is complete it all comes together ok in the game the row disappears and the knowledge moves into long-term memory storage .
if i try to cram everything i need to know the evening before the test it 's like playing tetris in the top third nothing fits together rows are not completed there 's no space and everything 's rushed .
commander dragonlord silumgar not yet owned but too perfect to pass up
the only guy i have lined up to play just got into the format and bought the commander 2018 set but i do n't especially care if i run competitive decks .
this thing is built with mostly old cards because they 're what i already have .
deck objectives winning is n't super important the main objective is to hoard every useful creature i can and hope for fun interactions to arise .
deck win conditions win with whatever i can steal .
there 's also an infinite turn combo with followed footsteps on archaeomancer to recycle walk the aeons so that 's useful .
are you willing to substantially change your list/commander to fit your objectives ?
i 'm not worried about having a great deck but if i 've cobbled together something terrible i 'll patch it up .
i 'm happy with the concept but i 'm looking for suggestions .
helm of the host is at the top of my wishlist for extra shenanigans .
i do n't have much for relevant non-standard land or mana generating artifacts so that 's a definite avenue for improvement i 'm also unsure of my current land ratio .
better ways to protect my commander or useful permanents is always good too .
here 's http mtgcollectionbuilder.com/collections/24848 my current collection and here https www.mtggoldfish.com/deck/1405466 paper in another format .
i 'd prefer small improvements i already own to large ones i have to buy special .
you must choose the right home builder palo alto https akconstructionent.blogspot.com/2018/10/things-to-consider-when-it-comes-to.html who possess years of experience in the market .
ak construction home builder palo alto to help you with building your dream house .
cut deep fight dirty frenzy momentum evolution power start 1 second wind total carnage unknown enemy undying toss in recoup for some fights or purge as required
total cost 124 strands approx cost for 100 clear per chapter 220 considering you have energy refills
starts the fight unstoppable and indestructible with an sp1 ready.. go straight into an sp1 after which frenzy kicks in gets massive crit damage 2 hits later momentum gives you another boost.. even if you get ko 'd you have 5 boosts which regen 50 of health with second wind .
ends fight in 8-6 hits assuming 30 seconds per fight for loading and fight time you can clear one map at least twice without refreshing the expensive boosts .
i know its over kill but its way too much fun and second wind guarantees you never die .
i had close to 700 strands after the monthly quests and labs now we will get another 330 strands from the calendar so why not have some fun ?
as the title suggests i 'm looking for some recommendations for games set in the 40s to 70s .
i 've already completed the godfather 1+2 mafia i and ii i 'm hesitant to play 3 cause of the shit reviews it got and la noire .
i liked the atmosphere in all of those games the way they portrayed cities and the common folks .
it does n't matter to me if the game takes place in the us or europe or asia as long as it 's not your average run of the mill wwii vietnam whatever war shooter .
i am trying to make a bibliography but it just wo n't work .
after much frustration i copy pasted this https www.overleaf.com/project/51f8e153cfc7f2b7227e9d74 code into texmaker .
i have made sure that my .bib file is named correctly and is in the same directory as my main file both in desktop folder but it just wont reference anything .
it just makes a title for references and puts the key in bold .
i have no idea what io am doing wrong .
edit https youtu.be/ks9gvk7cvmo i have copied this code too .
it is the most invasive alert system i 've seen in a game .
who had the idea of making an alert system that relays pointless information at least once a minute to be displayed in the center of your screen ?
greenpak industries corp pty ltd is a family owned business established in 1997 .
located in belmore nsw they are suppliers of packaging materials and specialists in printed adhesive tape .
they wholesale to end usersfor any application for all industries .
they can print your logo or any other message onto adhesive tape .
hey guys i have a metroid series come check it out .
i worked pretty hard on it i would like some support !
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=idfmyzra4sa t=1s https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=idfmyzra4sa t=1s
i 'll be making one stop in my friends house at dallas then stay in a motel in panama city fl and then drive to south fl
it 'll be 9hrs 11hr and 8 hrs to arrive at my destination .
i already did everything to my car my father is a mechanic and told me what parts debería verificar .
here 's what i would have said in response to
when i first saw this article from ballparkdigest.com its title was
jeter finally wins in miami grooms sculpture booted from ballpark
bleacherreport.com derek jeter receives permission to remove home-run sculpture from marlins park https bleacherreport.com/articles/2801225-derek-jeter-receives-permission-to-remove-home-run-sculpture-from-marlins-park
miaminewtimes.com the marlins ' weird awful home-run sculpture is officially leaving the ballpark https www.miaminewtimes.com/news/miami-marlins-moving-home-run-sculpture-outside-marlins-park-10830044
si.com it was a brief wondrous life for the marlins dinger machine https www.si.com/mlb/2018/10/16/marlins-dinger-machine-obituary-derek-jeter
sports.yahoo.com divisive marlins sculpture to be removed from outfield making more room for fans https sports.yahoo.com/divisive-marlins-sculpture-removed-outfield-making-room-fans-213559855.html
espn.com statue of limitations miami moving hr sculpture http www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/24999841/board-approves-miami-marlins-plan-move-home-run-sculpture-marlins-park
sbnation.com the marlins ' dinger sculpture is going away and derek jeter should be arrested https www.sbnation.com/mlb/2018/10/16/17986268/marlins-home-run-sculpture-derek-jeter
cbssports.com marlins are removing the home run sculpture from their stadium and it could cost them 2.5 million report says https www.cbssports.com/mlb/news/marlins-are-removing-the-home-run-sculpture-from-their-stadium-and-it-could-cost-them-2-5-million-report-says
stltoday.com win for jeter marlins ' home run sculpture will be moved https www.stltoday.com/sports/baseball/win-for-jeter-marlins-home-run-sculpture-will-be-moved/article_7c3a7fc6-1f69-5955-b73b-2c8968f57822.html
sportingnews.com miami-dade county approves marlins ' plan to move home run structure outside stadium http www.sportingnews.com/us/mlb/news/mlb-marlins-homer-structure-derek-jeter-to-be-moved-county-oks-plan/12m4xi8ay9p4g12wn8dwofqsdz
nydailynews.com derek jeter gets his wish as marlins ' home run sculpture will be removed from outfield ny daily news http www.nydailynews.com/sports/baseball/ny-sports-marlins-sculpture-20181016-story.html
sun-sentinel.com marlins receive county permission to remove home run sculpture http www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/miami-marlins/fl-sp-marlins-home-run-sculpture-20181016-story.html
i am a bot trying to encourage a balanced news diet .
these are all of the articles i think are about this story .
sort articles based on any opinions or perceived biases and neither i nor my
creator advocate for or against any of these sources or articles .
hi there i recently started work placement for college which will run for 12 months earning 1.5k a month .
my problem is i feel like i 'm becoming too frugal and ive set a goal of 10k savings by the end of work placement to go towards a house when im older .
im constantly wondering how i can maximise my income over the next few years and i hope to buy a house and pay off the mortgage before im 30 .
this is probably unrealistic but the maths work out if im extremely frugal .
do you think i should continue with this plan ?
my girlfriend thinks im insane thinking that far ahead and that i should enjoy life and travel with this money instead .
anyone else pre-order the physical edition through amazon and get an estimated delivery date ?
instead i get a message saying amazon needs a little more time to provide a good estimate . ''
just seems kind of strange considering the game has a firm release date that 's less than a month away .
here is the link gearbest m10 wireless keyboard fly air mouse https www.gearbest.com/air-mouse/pp_009752643699.html ? wid=1433363 lkid=16209154 channel=app
app price open the link through the smartphone and click orange button open app '' on top of the website !
the average price for one item currently is 0 and the lowest in my database is 6.49 on 12.9.2018 .
this post may be old if you 're here from google so just go here to get currently active coupons and price alerts for m10 wireless keyboard fly air mouse https couponsfromchina.com/2018/09/12/m10-wireless-keyboard-fly-air-mouse-coupon-price-gearbest
some time back the jack started to pull out of the hole today it fell out completely and separated from the connecting wires .
how can i secure the endpin back in the body ?
the videos and tutorials i find show a washer inside but my endpin looks different and there is no washer inside the body that i have found .
which wires go to which prongs on the jack ?
i have n't been able to find tutorials or videos showing endpins that look like mine so any help is greatly appreciated .
pixel 3 incoming today and the details on my tracking page say a signature is required .
what are people doing that have to work today ?
heard that was the magic number requiring a signature .
update 2 i did in fact have to sign for it .
i 'm mostly going for james holden and the animal spirits .
there 's a load of stuff that 's unknown to me and i imagine really great .
so i 've just started a new run and the 3 envoys lander shandra and kassil are n't present in the throne room at all .
the first advisory quest when you want to discuss having the feast for the people or the merchants starts loading and the camera starts panning to where they would enter but then nothing more happens then it auto fails .
switching to playable companions as advisor fixes this and the conversation triggers as normal but still seems like a serious bug .
i am in the market for a lightly used car and my top choice is the soul .
however one of my top priorities is remote start which i want to survive cold new england weathers .
what are my options for remote start on the soul ?
i 've heard some car brands offer a smartphone app for this is something like this possible ?
i am pretty clueless on this any advice would be helpful .
wondering how big a hassle it would be to swap a apex 1 cassette pg-1130 11-42 out and replace it with a rival 1 xg-1150 10-42 .
is it just a matter of switching them out or are there other concerns i need to be aware of e.g .
when you do product research do you compare just 1 keyword or the top 3 i.e. ?
i mean if 1 keyword has 200 sales per month and you are interested in products with 300 sales per month does this mean this product is out ?
or maybe if you sum the top 3 keywords and you get a nicer number you can still go for this option .
long story short i got my bs and ms in biosystems and agricultural engineering .
i was myopic at the time and did n't realize how few jobs there were for this degree even though it 's almost identical to a bsme .
after college i had trouble finding a job so i took a job a family friend recommended a product engineer at a very large woodworking company .
i do cad and bom work but that 's about the extent of engineering '' i do here and i feel like staying in this field will leave me with no skills or experience for the future .
how do i go about switching to something i do want to do that does have a more developed path ahead ?
i feel like any job more in line with something an me would land would be the best and at this point i 'm ready to make a lateral or worse move to get headed down the right path .
i 've built a small e-commerce platform from scratch in node it 's pretty basic but it works very well and since it 's intended for a specific niche it does its job .
now every time i have a new client someone who wants to have an online store here 's the process i go through
buy the domain the client wishes the store to be hosted on
create a new ec2 machine instance on my amazon aws account
install node and an smtp server on the machine instance
clone my node package into the new machine instance and install dependencies
edit the package 's config files with the database domain and smtp server information as well as my client 's e-mail address
edit the domain 's dns record to point to the machine
on first run my node app checks if a ssl certificate is specified in the config files .
if it 's not it issues a certificate using letsencrypt 's certbot with the domain information specified in the config file and uses it to serve the store over https .
it also creates the database tables and fills it with default values .
then it serves a first time setup wizard '' on a unique one time use link which is emailed to my client 's e-mail address found on the config file .
through this setup wizard the client creates their credentials and makes some customizations .
now i realize what i 'm doing is n't exactly recommended .
most people i know use nginx for https and load balancing instead of handling it in app but i did n't want to add even more steps to my process .
my question is how do i go about automating the store creation process ?
i 'd like to reduce the steps to create a new store as much as possible .
i know some services let you create aws instances from a web page would it be possible for me to build something like that for my paying costumers to create an online store from my website ?
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 2 » posts related to theming setups etc .
rule 4 » we do not allow memes or low-quality/low-effort posts .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20 2fu 2f155matt message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/9ps9i1 20by 20 2fu 2f155matt. .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 1a » r/jailbreak does not allow piracy tools sources or websites .
note piracy can lead to your account being temporarily or permanently banned .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20 2fu 2fyadatwasme message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/9ps7rm 20by 20 2fu 2fyadatwasme. .
i 'm trying to download a hacked app onto my phone through cydia impactor and everytime i enter my apple id and password instead of downloading the ipa ...
i 've already tried different apple id 's and different versions of impactor nothing has worked .
i 've also already tried to download the hack while unjailbroken still did n't work .
if anyone knows the fix that 'd be great .
i had sex few hours ago i feel guilty and worthless .
because i always want to have sex just because i want to get the guys attention and affection .
i cried in the bathroom while cleaning myself because i know i am useless and i have nothing .
i do n't know what 's wrong with me honestly .
i just feel lonely and i just want the attention .
i ended up going to trial for my marijuana charge the goal was to go for jury nullification .
i was offered plea deals and refused them all .
they wanted me to go to a drug court since this was a misdemeanor .
i refused and said i wanted a trail by jury .
i was told if i went to drug court i would end up with some community service a fine and drug class if i pushed this to trial i 'd be found guilty and i would get jail time .
there is a law in georgia that says you can get a jury trial on a misdemeanor charge so long as the potential punishment is at least 6 months in prison my potential prison time was 12 months .
the trial was not easy and as everyone said the judge was not amused at the strategy we introduced the idea of jury nullification in our opening statement with historical examples and closed out our opening statement reminding the jury they get to decide if the law is just or not .
the jury ended up not producing a verdict and a mistrial was declared .
we were waiting for a new trial when in a county not too far away from me a man who was caught growing weed and had over a 1 lb of it was found not guilty even though he admitted to it in court .
shortly after that case the da decided to drop all charges .
my lawyer was surprised told me he thought i would have been made an example of .
but i was n't charges were dropped and i walk away from this a free man .
i work full time and on the border of the 20 40 tax rate .
i have been offered £6k to do a one-off piece of work that would consume 4 weekends and some nights .
my question is what would be the most tax efficient way to go about this ?
i used to have my own company when i used to contract full time but that has since dissolved .
i spoke with my accountancy firm a close friend works there and they suggested resurrecting the company and doing it that way but my friend said that after fees and all that it would n't necessarily be the best option .
psa sorry i do n't know how to add flair to the title for bugs/glitches '' edit found out how
so me and a friend can not join each other we tried restarting the game restarting uplay and even verified the game cache .
thing is we 're both nat type open so i do n't think this should happen a friend was able to invite us both but after he leaves the game kicks us 2 from the party .
i 've got my first pair of japanese raw jeans last year from a store called denimio and been wearing them for more than a year already wearing them almost everyday .
i really like the fabric and cut relax tapered of this pair so i 'm thinking of getting a new pair with same cutting but in different fabric .
although i really really love my tanuki pair because of its topnotch quality i 'm thinking of getting a pair from different brand this time because i want to experience other brands as well .
i 'm building new pc for 1440p 2160p gaming .
mostly on daily basis i 'm playing world of tanks but i always play aaa titles for story mode .
i do n't do video/audio editing or large file compression or such things .
i want to buy some nice 32 or 34 1440p/2160p monitor and also i will connect my 55 ' tv to pc for movies/youtube/browsing etc .
i was patiently waiting for 9th intel generation new rtx gpus new mobos benchmarks etc to make some decision in which i hope you will help me .
i need help in choosing cpu.mobo and gpu well i guess 16gb 2x8gb g.skill aegis 3000 with cl16 will be enough ?
i guess 1080ti is some kind of sweet spot at this moment ?
gaming on 1440p with 2700x vs 9700k brings almost no difference 5 and on 4k they have 0 difference i do n't know what to do .
2700x is 290 on ebay and 9700k is 410 on amazon but i guess in several days or couple of weeks it goes down to 370 money is n't really a problem here since difference is 80-90 i jsut want to be sure i spend money in correct way also what about motherboards price difference which mobo i need for ryzen and which one for intel ?
if you are also looking for the best options of real estate investing in los angeles then you can visit the website r/http reinvestfar.com and choose the best property deal according to your needs and budget .
b/o butterfly fade butterfly tiger tooth adds for my knife rifle
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score breakdown in the comments below ab players use https greedbutt.com/plus instead
discord users do n't forget the isaac server where you can chat in the daily channel https discord.gg/isaac
it is in german because we sadly cant change the language
it just kind of hit me like how close i 'm getting to the tip of current mathematics research .
right now i pretty much only play black ops 4 but i plan on getting battlefield v red dead redemption 2 and cyberpunk 2077 .
in black ops i like playing pretty much everything besides zombies ... .i would be down to play zombies though but dont know anything about the storyline ... i played hundreds of hours of zombies on world at war but didnt really get into it after that .
i work tuesday-fridays but usually play after 6pm on those days .
i also have ark but none of the expansions and i have game pass so i can play those games .
i 've come across this bug in ac o where after i speak with kyra she does n't move .
i exit the cave and go back in and she still does n't move .
i reloaded my last save went back to talk to her and afterwards she is dead .
i 'm 16 years old and im not sexually active ever but i have kissed guys and i e been getting herpes symptoms in my lips and i ca n't tell my parents so i 've been going thru anxiety and depression becaue of this i 'm scared of the breakouts and i 'm scared of what i 'm do when i like a guy and i do n't want to go to school either tomorrow i will go to the doctor with my sister she 's helping me keep this a secret but i i 'm so anxious
i know this is wishful thinking but i 'm hoping to get a decent vehicle for cheap so i can make an attempt at making money through doordash or something .
i 've nearly read all 22 and i am freaking out about what to read next .
im really enjoying it he shows off so many things that i didnt know about .
if you pour skittles into a bowl a huge brawl will break out amongst them all except for the yellow ones .
so last night i was in a super easy section .
host stand sat a single guy at one of my 2-tops i go greet him .
you can kind of tell he has some kind of physical/developmental issue im not a dr so im not sure exactly .
he was also kind of dingy if that makes sense ?
not scrubbed clean but also not full blown hobo on a street corner ?
me hey my names kaity-lynnn how are you doing hun ?
i have this coupon but i dont have anyone to eat with so i called earlier and they said because it has a dollar amount i can use it .
so he shows me one of our coupons that is for two meals up to 30 free .
and honestly guys the way he said he didnt have anyone to eat with broke my heart .
he didnt say it like a oh take pity on me because i 'm alone '' it was more a statement of fact .
me of course you can use it now what can i get you to drink ?
honestly even if he had n't called and they said he could use it i would have demanded my managers accept the coupon anyway lol .
i go get his drink check on my other tables and come back to see if he 's ready to order .
he did n't see the menu they 're kept on the table so i hand it to him and give him a few minutes .
i come back to see if he 's ready and he is .
and he orderes a full slab of ribs which comes with two sides and adds on a caesar salad .
then he says he has another coupon for a free app but we cant do more than one and i tell him and ask if he still wants the app .
he asks hiw much it is 9 and says yeah he still wants it .
i input his food take care of my other tables refill drinks .
someone else runs his food i check on him all good .
when he just has half his ribs left i check in on him again .
him i 'm throwing in the towel i cant eat anymore !
me i 'm impressed you ate more than i ever could .
do you want a box for the rest of your ribs ?
i bring him back his card and the receipt to sign .
him hey can you put 10 here for me ?
when he held the pen out to me i could see his hand was shaking quite a bit
him yeah i got all this food for 7 !
so i put the 10 and he signed it and left .
honestly i want really expecting anything from him so that was super unexpected but really nice .
my current level is s12 and even sometimes supermagic s14 but i never get those jumps right in real time and they seem very important at higher levels
i dont know the technical terms but lately they have been filtering '' out reddit search results when i use their search engine .
for example i typed in suboxone dosage reddit '' and instead of a bunch of reddit results i just got links to rehabs and government sites .
technically this is n't about kratom but it seems to be a fitting post for this sub .
o and the suboxone reference was just an example i was researching it out of boredom .
has anyone else noticed this change in google search results or is it just me ?
can anyone help me with this new cheer that has been going for like 5 mins straight
i usually pay about 30 each for these so a 2-pack for 35 is a dang-good deal .
i need some help in searching for a simple mod that allows you to harvest all organs from prisoners without other features that some mods provide .
similar to the mod harvest everything but instead you can also harvest parts such as fingers and toes .
looking to create a build the has strength for the dps and faith for support spells .
mainly looking for a weapon that would work well with this build .
do n't have a preference at all on the type of weapon .
str8/discreet is okay i will need to see body pics tho .
part 7 of 46 of my series doubting every single thing mance rayder says ''
i promised you a tale before of how i knew you .
... mully poked his nose inside the door grim-faced to announce that clydas had brought a letter .
when your father learned the king was coming he sent word to his brother benjen on the wall so he might come down for the feast .
there is more commerce between the black brothers and the free folk than you know and soon enough word came to my ears as well .
if mance is getting his castle black gossip via raven it gives a much more forgiving timeline for his supposed trip to winterfell .
for god 's sake people he 's got raven 's wings on his helmet .
hi i 'm trying to get this game to work with my ps4 controller but the right stick does n't work properly .
o sultan sarranid devil and damned devil 's kith and kin secretary to lucifer himself .
what the devil kind of knight are thou that canst not slay a hedgehog with your naked arse ?
thou shalt not thou son of a whore make subjects of khergit sons we have no fear of your army by land and by sea we will battle with thee fuck thy mother .
thou durquba scullion sharizian wheelwright brewer of bariyye goat-fucker of ahemerrad swineherd of swadia pig of nords rivacheg thief catamite of veluca hangman of jamiche and fool of all the world and underworld an idiot before god grandson of the serpent and the crick in our dick .
pig 's snout mare 's arse slaughterhouse cur unchristened brow screw thine own mother !
you wo n't even be herding pigs for the rhodoks .
now we 'll conclude for we do n't know the date and do n't own a calendar the moon 's in the sky the year with the horse lord the day 's the same over here as it is over there for this kiss our arse !
just wilts all the controversy about harvard 's aa and everything else are asians treated the same way as other minorities .
before i get hated on i have been told that colleges are more lenient towards minorities because they have to fulfill a certain quota ?
my bosses have known about me being bipolar from day one .
they accept it more than my last job did and they 've tried to understand what i 'm going through .
today was shipment day between me and the keyholder one of us was asked to go to the back and put little tags on the bags of dog/cat food i work for a small chain pet store as the manager checked them in .
i decided to do it because i saw the keyholder putting out tags and after dealing with that mess for the past few shifts i decided that dating bags was easier though it 's a lot of lifting .
i 've never been asked to do it before either do i wanted a new experience .
i 've been depressed and stressed the past few days as i 'm going on vacation for the weekend .
today i was productive and made sure that i was working hard because i know shipment day sucks for everyone at our small store .
so after we 're through the first pallet of food my manager looks over at me and asks why i 'm working hard today and other days i just kind of mope around .
now i 'm afraid he was going to make some rude comment that i needed to work harder because that 's all i heard from my old boss but he actually wanted a reason .
so i 'm probably going through a manic phase since my meds are all jacked up and i 'm switching phases left and right and i explained that to him telling that some days my bipolar is beneficial to my work ethic but others it 's not .
i told him as well that since i 'm more than likely going through a manic phase that if i do n't stay busy i either get irritated or my anxiety acts up or both .
he kept me rolling with the work and seemed proud of me at the end of the day because we got all the shipment out in good time while helping customers when the store was busy .
we like to joke around with each other a lot so when i clocked out for my shift to head home he held up his hand to give me a high-five and said thanks for not sucking so much today . ''
i made a joke saying those were great words of encouragement and he told me to have a safe vacation .
guess they really can tell when my bipolar is acting up but i 'm glad i 'm in a good space where i can talk openly with them about it .
had a great day out at the perdido river wma riding the trails
as the title says girlfriend wants a 20 cheap oil change i want her to do toyota filter/gasket mobil 1 and pay the shop 20 .
for the past year we have had a friend of our daughter seek refuge in my home at various times because her home life is borderline abusive .
without going into to many details this girl spent most of the summer at my house and is here all weekend every weekend .
so much so that we have provided a bed of her own .
her mom is a drunk loser that has either lost custody or has very little custody of her half siblings .
unfortunately this girls father has passed away and she is stuck living with her mother and new step father .
we have always known her home life was pretty bad and were willing to be a port in the storm '' for her .
we purchased her new school clothes and my wife was the person who took her to purchase necessary feminine items that she needs bras tampons pads etc .
we have also provided her with school supplies etc .
i helped her register for school this year even though my daughter and her are no longer attending the same school .
it just because apparent her mom was n't doing it and it needed done .
when this girl is not at our house and not at school she is at her home with no phone internet or television .
she is left with an extremely long list of chores that needs to be completed or face punishments .
i grew up with chores and i am a firm believer that children should do what they can to help a household function .
there is a line though between helping and excessive .
i 'm not posting this info for personal internet points etc .
just stating what i thought was important to paint a picture of how checked out her mom and step father are .
i found out that she is sent 885 every month in her name from ssi from her dead father 's account .
this girl does n't see a penny of it .
i understand the costs involved in raising a child that include food on the table and rent etc .
however as i 've stated my wife and i have provided many of the basics for this girl .
i do n't think this money is actually going to its intended recipient .
what rights does she have to this money and control over where its being spent on her upkeep ?
i have no interest in the money and am not asking on my behalf .
personally i would love it if this money was put into a trust that pays for her upkeep and/or saved for her college .
also what rights if any do my wife and i have to intervene on her behalf .
we have debated calling social services on her mother several times but are not sure if foster care would be a better alternative .
we just want for her what i want for my own children the hope that they can reach their full potential .
i 'm not 'wealthy ' by any description but i am willing to do what i can for this girl .
also in case its important she is 12 and we live in salt lake city utah .
tldr 12 year old girl is receiving 885 from ssi every month that her mother takes .
what rights does she have to the control of that money .
i 'm a teacher in addition to online teaching and with halloween approaching it 's singing time all day .
on tuesday afternoon i taught a girl and her mother decided i was too sick to teach .
at about 15 minutes into the class the fireman told me that mother cancelled and it was teacher cancellation .
the girl was doing great in class and could hear and understand everything i was saying just with a little weird sound in my voice .
i told the fireman that it was n't a teacher cancel because the girl carried on in class having a great time .
i took a million screen shots and sent in a ticket .
two days later they finally told me that yes in fact the mother was concerned about me being sick and it was not going to change .
i can decide if i 'm sick or not and if they watch the video the class was a success .
the girl was learning we finished the class at 25 minutes etc .
dont you think if mom was so concerned she would 've left instead of getting a free class with their horse sounding teacher ?
it felt weird to just leave without finishing as the girl did n't seem phased by my weird sounding voice and was having fun .
p. s. i 've lived in asia for over 7 years teaching so i think the cultural differences are a bit more understood .
she wanted a free class does she know the penalty i need to pay now .
i also had a class immediately after and the student/parent said nothing .
i 've continued to teach all week with my struggling voice and no one else is complaining .
so as some of you may know a while back bethesda published a creation club mod that adds new companions into the game in the form of self-controlled power armors .
i thought that was pretty neat and i 'd love to see some automated power armor enemies roaming the appalachia .
obviously if they are n't already in the game it 's beyond late to add them for launch but considering this is a game as a service new things can be added anytime after release .
i fail that 15/15 quest for the missio galerus now the master is not offering me to quest it again .
after that 1:30mins quest i only got the 3 retiarius outfit .
edit i have had a family emergency but i still plan on making the templates .
i will also he including an awesome template for ableton live as i now have both .
for those that think they want the 16 midi channel out its doable but apparently there is a catch you cant drag and drop and stereo .wav file from the maschine plugin to the logic pro x arranger only the midi data .
after which you will have to change patterns as they will overlap their audio i mean .
i can do a 16 channel audio out which i prefer .
1 you can can record the audio straight to an audio channel in logic pro you do n't have to drag and drop .
2 you can create the pattern in maschine 's arranger and make it perfect after which you can record it into logic pro and maybe add effects as you go which will span all the groups
3 drums do n't have to be used you can set instruments and do the same thing .
1 its for more advanced producers or those that are drummers or have their own rhythm
2 i noticed a lot of latency and lagging when i do n't have an audio interface .
3 you have to make a new pattern or delete the old after its in logic pro or it will overlap
c my method is a stereo out plugin thats routed to play into logic pro .
its the exact same as above except it is only one output not 16 .
i make the entrire pattern and drag the individual elements to tracks in logic pro x. essentially i make most of it and drag what i want over .
this is really good when you sample a into maschine and chop here and then want to export into logic pro and keep moving
d which is the midi version of the previously mentioned option .
no audio outputs routed and you have drag and drop
i plan on including all 4 when they are done i want to get a feel for how many people are actually interested .
will probably post them friday night or early saturday morning as i work late and want to test them .
just got home from work and apparently im home alone for the evening so im here looking for some company .
im in an open relationship so if we click im open to something on going or a one time thing is fine also .
i habe a prefference towards shorter women and since im 6'5 most girls fall on the short side for me .
my favorite kinks are cumplay creampies cheating public play and height differences .
id like to find a girl to chat about our kinks past experiences fantasies and anything else really im pretty open .
im open to sharing pictures voice/vid chat or even meeting up but once weve known eachother for abit .
ive had abit of luck here in the past and im hoping to get lucky again .
if youd like to chat message me with your age height favorite kinks and a question or two for me .
i see so many posts detailing horrible abuse and it just ends with but i moved out last year and it 's been the best year of my life ! which ...
but after i moved out or rather i was disowned 2 years later were low contact everything they did to me just really set in .
i have horrible self esteem social anxiety identity issues and avoidance .
i 'm basically a depressed hermit with no life skills or functioning because of them .
i know they 're not with me and they do n't have control over me because i have my own job and place and live 6 hours away but it 's like their mainly my mom talons are in my brain at all times .
when i moved out i transitioned ftm and later detransitioned and went off t because i realized worst moment of my life that i only wanted to escape my abuse by changing who i was and not recognizing my body/face .
i identified as trans for 5 4 with them 1 after leaving years just to cope with what i was going through and then the illusion faded .
i do n't even have that lie to tell myself .
i feel 90x more fucked up now than i did when i was actually going through my abuse as a child and teen .
i 'm new to dog training and hope you guys have some advice for me .
i have a 12 1/2 year old female pomeranian who i have had for 9 1/2 years and an 8 year old half-beagle half-chihuahua who we have had for 4 years .
they get along well with each other but bark a lot at other dogs .
my beagle does okay once he actually he meets whatever dog he 's barking at as he 'll usually sniff them and then be cool .
my pomeranian keeps barking and growling when meeting the dog and does n't settle down .
i would love to be able to walk my dogs without them going crazy at the mere sight of another dog and i would love for my pomeranian to be cool with other dogs after meeting them .
when i take them for walks i try distracting them once they start barking but they are so focused on the other dog that nothing i do seems to make a difference .
they do n't listen to commands during that time or care about treats .
what should i do to train them to not be so aggressive to other dogs ?
i really appreciate any advice you guys have for me !
should be an option to disable this why in the hell would i want to join a losing team/match .
for nearly 2 decades the usa has left a trail of death and destruction across north africa and the mideast .
invading countries under false pretenses covertly funding dissident groups operating black prison sites torturing prisoners murdering civilians with illegal drone strikes extrajudicial killings and even assassinating opposition .
as a result of these actions millions of people have been killed or displaced .
but all of that is peanuts to their greatest sin .
they elected a member of the wwe hof as their president despite his terrible workrate .
that was one of the worst stunners i have ever seen !
since new japan seems hellbent on expanding into a market that condones that kind of selling i can no longer support them .
for my gf and i 's anniversary we generally go to the west coast we live in orlando and go to kaladesi island/wat/some parks/tarpon springs etc .
i 'm interested to know of any cool stuff to do to the north west west or south west of tampa .
we were thinking about going to mosi this time and maybe lettuce lake but open to any/all suggestions .
the bots just autoparrying everything you do even if it 's an option select pk zone parry attempt really drives home that the turtle meta problem has n't gone anywhere yet .
offense is just inherently so much weaker than defense .
looking forward to not being the only inf all the time
i was only counting the main iem but fair enough .
get up get dressed and walk to work '' just like everyone else .
hang around a office building with actual workers nearby who are taking a smoke break and smoke in close proximity .
then when they go inside i just walk around and go absent ''
this is just to build up a daily routine to give my day structure or else i 'd be sleeping until afternoon .
arrange to have it inspected by the mechanic if you can .
that 's a good question i know after they booted kojima they used the engine for it but i have n't heard anything about that series since .
maybe educate yourself on what a hymen actually is and the fragile concept of female virginity .
note that this is the time to do so with special attack bonus campaign active .
i 'm in a creative writing society at my university and i 'd say the people there only to learn it as a hobby are probably the majority .
particularly those who are interested in poetry-and there 's more than you might expect judging by this subreddit .
personally i would like to write as a career but only because it would give me more time to write not because i actually want to get rich .
its like that all over the world i worked in a factory and we just used different labels on the same products
the phlebotomist probably pushed through the vein and then pulled back .
if it is sill there a week from now see a doc .
i thought it made the whole thing better personally .
not sure i understand why people are so mad !
my uncle did this in a bakery in miami in the mid '80 's .
some large loud lady was standing behind him being impatient and mocking people for speaking spanish wtf !
of coarse what she was after in the bakery was known to everyone there as well as every moose in canada due to her being so loud .
just 30 sec before another train passed by from other side .
and then the price of bitcoin will probably return to three digits at that point .
people are now saying it costs around 6k to mine a bitcoin now so at 1000 it would be unprofitable to keep the lights on unless the price of mining drops accordingly .
realmente pedem-me sempre o cc e não o bilhete mas isso é irreal !
eu já viajei com um bilhete comprado para o dia seguinte por engano e o revisor levou-me para um lugar vago e não aconteceu mais nada .
acho que tiveste azar fico mesmo feliz que as pessoas à tua volta tenham ajudado !
para mim o pior até é a estupidez dos ctt que deixam encomendas onde quer que seja se alguém disser que fica com elas mas para levantar não serve o papel de aviso assinado .
ainda para mais legalmente temos que andar com o cc .
isso é a maior estupidez de todas e já fiz queixa nos ctt mas enfim .
keep your head up as long as you feel shitty about it it means you actully care so i 'm sure you 'll be fine we all mess up every now and then .
in the hands of a good player like me '' x fucking d
just be clear that your organisation is politically neutral and thats firm but you appreciate the help it seems like they may be fishing for info to .
i do n't really understand the dynamic at play here but you need to run it by your manager to protect your ass
i really need to print this double sided on one piece of paper .
i 've considered image editing software but do not see how this would be any easier to print from than a word processor or even how i should set that up to print double sided in the first place .
i have some experience in design but this is really more of a production question which i definitely do n't have much experience in .
from what i can tell online teachers are in very high demand right now because there are a lot of people in asia who want to learn english or want their kids to learn it .
in 5-10 years most human teachers will be replaced by bots and ai teachers but in order to have the revenues to compete for and implement ai software the online schools are expanding and recruiting all of the teachers and students they can get .
you will not have any trouble finding online work but just do n't mention that you have n't finished your bachelor 's degree yet .
if only the brits had n't systematically looted us of most of our wealth over 150 years that left us in the rampant poverty in the first place .
implying that the vikings plan is anywhere near as strategic as this
bought it from here https m.intl.taobao.com/detail/detail.html ? id=577953499207 check the shop for more
no time to format sorry lads but this is important to your reply
you needing to git gub is holding you back not the ai .
i doubt this was written by an old person but it 's still funny
her morals apply until she wants something then it 's casually tossed aside .
i ca n't wait till my nofap superpowers reach this level
as an aussie everything is better in the old ockka aussie accent .
oh good i was worried what a loose canon who had no stable ideals and would flip flop around on issues would do should they win and some how end up in government .
my old housemaster served as a commander on a resolution class submarine in the royal navy during the 1980s until mid-90s when he went to university to become a dt teacher at our school .
he gave several fascinating seminars about his time in the navy and what it was like serving on nuclear subs during the cold war .
you could tell how long you had been at sea by how bad the food was getting especially when you started eating the reserve tins of food at the back of the store .
they had some beers on board that they were allowed to have every few nights as a treat .
you knew you had been at sea longer than intended when the beers ran out and you started on the gin .
most of his time was spent patrolling and tracking russian subs .
they had a sort of unwritten rule with the russian subs that they would take it in turns to track each other at a distance using passive sonar .
if either side pushed their luck and tried to track too closely they would ping the other sub very loudly .
apparently it really echoed very loudly in the subs everyone would hear it .
they would then swap positions and the other sub would go off for a bit with the pinged sub tracking them .
if either sub surfaced the other sub would come up for air as well .
they would seat at sea or up at the arctic ice sheet and just watch each other for a bit getting some air then dive again .
pretty much a big game of grandmother 's footsteps under the sea with nuclear subs and warheads .
they had unlimited fresh hot water due to the nuclear reactor .
many hot showers and cups of tea were had .
they were hugely cut off from the outside world once deployed .
they got family messages once a week and any updates but they couldnt respond to them .
sometimes their deployment lasted longer than the usual rotation for whatever reason and rather than being out for 3 months it could be much much longer .
he missed the birth of two of his daughters due to this and got the news somewhere under the north atlantic .
the royal navy gave him no compensation or additional care when he developed at first testicular cancer and later a terminal brain tumour after he slept next to armed nuclear warheads for the best part of 15 years .
he was a lovely funny man who i still think of on occassion .
he gave great life advice and is sorely missed by many .
anyone who signs eric fucking hosmer to a 9-digit contract is stupid .
he had a .210 babip this season his career babip is .330 .
he got unlucky and will bounce back though not to 2017 form .
the reason app based taxis are getting so popular everywhere is because they do n't rip you off .
no they are just as popular in countries where taxi scams are uncommon .
just because someone values something more than something else at certain times does n't mean we should n't all value wellbeing over everything else .
sam is n't saying that we should value every single value the exact same way he 's just saying we should value wellbeing the most the rest does n't matter unless it influences wellbeing .
i 'm convinced the dodgers only got him because they figured they 'd have to play us .
not knowing that the qb would just knee immediately instead of trying to get some yardage
you mean the action that 99 of qbs take on fumbled snaps ?
the instance where a qb can actually take a fumbled snap and make something of it is extremely rare the default is to either jump on the ball or down it .
how do you not know this as a football fan ?
and by the time tago leaves his feet daniels had been kneeing the ball for almost a half-second .
what prospect did tago have for a turnover that gustin did n't have for breaking up the pass ?
the only reason you see it that way is because tago wears the colors you like and gustin wears ones you do n't .
in our corner tago went after a defenseless player who had already given himself up .
it would be like taking out a punt returner after waving for a fair catch .
in our corner gustin was overeager to break up a pass and made an idiotic hit that he should have been penalized for .
i get this as well except when i do pick she complains that i never let her pick .
those are really weird and looks uncomfortable to hold to be honest .
sometimes we use knifes too but only if we ca n't find some peeler at that moment .
hororo chan is female as far as i know 3
i finish my workday of writing code and i open the game of writing code .
when i seen body in the wall i thought it would be silent hill 3 but those legs poking out are 3d .
it 's at the age where the idler wheel needs to be reconditioned .
if you pull the platter off the turntable you should see a wheel maybe 2 inches in diameter with a metal centre and rubber outer edge .
check that to see if the rubber is worn or brittle .
if it is you 'll need to pull the wheel out and send it away to have the rubber replaced .
glad you made it out alive and that you 're okay op .
i just bought one used super easy and people go nuts !
just got the hisoku and it 's a really thin ink which probably means it dries fast but luckily it 's in a broad and wet nib for me so not a problem so far .
i can see it drying out fast on a smaller and/or drier nib and feed .
your account must be 24 hours old in order to post .
your account must be 24 hours old in order to post .
if you 're a lurker please make an account beforehand so you can respond to posts that you wish to participate in .
if you 're not a lurker please use your main account to reply or make an account beforehand so you can respond to posts that you wish to participate in .
if you wish to appeal this action please do n't hesitate to message the moderation team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsysadmin .
i have a lot of fun playing annie support with spooky ghosts and talisman .
what the fuck did you just fucking say about me you little baka ?
i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class at lets japanese school and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on the hub and i have over 300 confirmed maguro lays .
i am trained in hiragana and katakana and i 'm the best kanjier in the entire school except for the chinese korean vietnamese and nepalese .
you are nothing to me but just another target .
i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth mark my fucking kotoba .
you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ?
as we speak i am contacting my secret network of jets across japan and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm baka .
the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life .
i can be anywhere anytime and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways and that 's just with my bare hands .
not only am i extensively trained in aikido but i have access to an entire arsenal japanese folded steel katanas and i will use them to their full extent to wipe your miserable ketsu off the face of the continent you little shit .
if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you maybe you would have held your baka tongue .
but you could n't you did n't and now you 're paying the price you goddamn baka .
i will unchi all over you and you will drown in it .
you just need to realise once and for all that enough is never enough .
the worst outcome a problem gambler has when they gamble is to win and win big .
that win will disappear along with a lot more as well .
if you have seriously had enough of this life of misery chaos shame and guilt you have to make a decision to never gamble again .
seems like a big decision and your brain will fight and bargain to have one last bet but that one last bet will happen over and over .
maybe make the decision to say that you 've already had that one last bet .
keep reading and posting here we are all on the same path some further and some only a few paces ahead .
glove of fashion a ordinary glow that when worn will make the wearer fell like what they are wearing is the best around even if they are only wearing rags
this confidence boost gives the wearer a 1 to charisma cheeks .
in the midst of the darkness remembering that someday somehow i 'll be working my dream job that keeps me on my toes and having a wonderful significant other and raising a happy family with children who look up to me .
about griezmann i heard that he is a cheat code but dont know about playing him as a rs
if you want feedback maby its better to post a game that didnt go well
tfw your body neither matches your gender nor your species speaking from experience here
you can say that you just want friends for now ?
😟 i dunno or that you just wan na try out the event and to see how it goes ?
on your list morphtronic celfon is sr on the screen it is ur so your list is not correct
the absolute worst thing about this for anyone who 's ever cooked a sunday roast you 'd probably recognise the smell .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
iw is up for a few more days so there 's still time but got ta make a decision soon
i use swap to take out the goalie from the other side of the map during a drive .
agree any comments supporting taiwan 's determination to keep from being taken over by the communists on mainland china draws a lot of criticism and down voting .
yeah riki is a comedy and honestly i could n't even find it non-dubbed .
ed droste comes from a super wealthy family a lot of really successful indie artists come from very comfortable financial situations which is why they were able to be full-time musicians in the first place
yes but your ceo apparently hates windows as product .
he has already killed the mobile version the result is almost zero developers interest to develop universal desktop non-existing mobile platform .
where are small under 7 '' size mobile devices ?
you do n't know what do and so you stay silent ?
that 's probably hurting you more than this rule 1 rule 2 rubbish .
books are ... . ok. big names are missing especially on the kids side .
a lot of obscure titles all around very few best sellers .
but it 's still worth a visit for sure .
we need to support these kinds of exhibitions so they keep coming here .
kids here do n't read because their parents ca n't afford books .
liegt aber hauptsächlich an dem trend dass die amerikaner ihre herkunft kennen wollen und da dieser trend hauptsächlich unter europäischstämmigen umgeht betrifft es eben vor allem die .
i was in the same position as you but i went for the x-h1 earlier this week .
it 's down to 1399 € with cashback from 1800 € before .
i held them both in the store and while the 3 felt really good the grip on the 1 is so much more beefy .
you could add a grip to the 3 but that 's another 120 ish euro .
the 3 was also super solid but the 1 feels just that tiny bit better built .
it 's bigger but not that much bigger at all .
people make it sound like the x-h1 is this medium format sized monster but it is still a small camera next to say a 5d2 .
the dynamic range and low light performance are pretty much the same so for now the new sensor is not enough to win me over .
the shutter is so smooth and silent and damped and nice .
i was not the biggest fan of the threaded shutter buttons and their placement on the other cameras to be honest .
it 's not sub par at all like some other poster is saying at least not in my opinion .
with the latest fw you can also assign it to a button fn2 for me so you do n't have to go menu hunting anymore !
very nice for when you are switching between tripod and handheld .
i 'm not an action shooter so the fps and faster af are not very high on my list ... if they are the 3 is absolutely the better choice .
not much of a video shooter either but the 3 also has the better specs in that regard .
turn off bluetooth and do n't chimp etc ... and get in the habit of turning the camera off between shots something i did with my xt-20 anyway to preserve battery life .
so yeah that 's my two cents for me the sturdiness better tactile buttons deeper grip and ibis win over the new sensor and more processing power af speed movie options the x-t3 has to offer .
at the end of the day i 'm totally fine with having to sacrifice a bit of iq debatable and af performance for ergonomics and build quality .
whatever you do i hope you have tons of fun with your purchase !
i am going to try a email to nintendo support with a try .
this dude has made like 20 comments on every singgle comment that says booker saying tatum is already better and even said brown was better than booker .
absolutely delusional shit that just makes him look like an idiot .
he rages over a video game that is means nothing in the grand scheme of things .
he probably has anger issues in other areas of his life .
imo it 's just because it 's new and most of the playerbase still has n't figured out what to do in breach .
give it a few weeks for people to learn .
many people tend not to play the objective or waste respawn tickets .
then it 's hypocritical for the media to only highlight this one event and ignore all the other times they gleefully cover sporting events in countries with human rights abuses .
they 're creating a double standard where sometimes it 's okay for athletes to take money from questionable sources and sometimes it 's not .
you 'll need a directional antenna a wireless snooping chip and custom software .
point the directional antenna where you want it to scan and it will scan .
its an old rail bridge for the trains/trams that used to go all over cork it looks like that now as a nod to the old times but its used for cars nowadays .
i think it has all the power and advantages of a normal df just lacking some of the side-effects .
really they are for snow plows but who knows if will get that much snow ever again .
if you had the choice between xiaomi mi mix 3 and oneplus 6t which would you choose and why ?
if you like you can answer this after both phones have officially debuted .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
when someone steals my blanket in order to wake me up
the blasters who still tour x the meat puppets social d the dead milkmen jason the scorchers mekons lone justice supersuckers
my sister tried this then i told her to go fuck herself and shut up or get out of my house .
i do n't take no shit from people who do n't care for me .
i think i have been lucky buying used graphics cards .
she is supposed to rule over land and does not feel like a right pick to be a hero .
your request does not link to a valid subreddit .
human could be 15 percent dumb and still pass .
i joined t_d in the hopes that i could bridge the gap and get along with them .
banned simply for correcting someone who said you ca n't change the consitution . ''
i literally said well to be fair it 's been ammended something like 23 times . ''
banned with a message from a mod that said get the fuck out . ''
t_d is egregiously guilty of everything you accuse other subs of .
i spend so many hours scrolling and suddenly shock myself with how much time has passed .
i 'm guessing he got a whiff of the yarndi and that was probable cause .
gives him right to search the car without a warrant .
stored it in the boot and said he did n't have the key the copper would have had to get a warrant .
most times they 're lazy bastards and just let ya go !
i 'm not one of those who 's going to go on and on about the warm sound or compressed sound stage of a certain amp .
well designed amps and docs essentially sound the same .
however headroom is a thing and having enough power to spare will bring out the dynamics in a pair of headphones .
300ohm headphones even with a high sensitivity will not reach their peak performance plugged into an iphone .
however pretty much any competently designed dac/amp under 100 should serve the op 's purpose .
dac-x6 would be a good choice and about the least expensive one .
i am a 6 foot 7 inch tall black man with a 2.2 inch long penis .
shilling the daily cc with your shitcoin is no bueno .
your post has been removed as it violates subreddit rule 1 all submissions must be directly https redd.it/1mim17 related to the childfree lifestyle .
related means that posts must contain childfree-related content in the link/post body not just a forced connection via the title or a caption added to the content .
your post might be a good candidate for another subreddit like one part of the childfree subreddits network https www.reddit.com/user/sailormercure/m/cfstuff multireddit the insanity subreddits network https www.reddit.com/user/sailormercure/m/insanity or the support subreddits network https www.reddit.com/user/sailormercure/m/cfsupport multireddit .
sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your comprehension .
nah the slayer would n't do anything fancy like carving a name into a heart or banishing ...
i know this thread is supposed to be all about uplifting stories but i ca n't help but think poorly of those people .
apple giveback estimated amount is 140 on apple giftcard .
my mbp has fulfilled my needs as a college student 's goto tool for producing work for my courses .
as a college graduate my immediate uses for this machine have so far diminished .
i 've attempted to upgrade the machine with 16gb ram and several different ssds to continue the lifespan .
unfortunately the ssds i 've used have crashed and burned at least twice for two years .
also i believe this machine has suffered from the same gpu issues that have plauged the 15 '' and 17 '' inch models as i have had instances where if i moved the device it would instantly crash and restart or the device would continuously beep during usage until it restarted .
i am now running the machine on it 's original hdd and it 's runs slightly better .
but although even as the random restarts are n't as apparent they still have n't disappeared 100 .
i wanted to continue using the machine for bot purposes only for limited sneaker and funko pop drops .
but if the machine is still prone to restart at any time i 'm not too sure how successful that idea will pan out to be .
would it be wise to cash in the device to apple for 120 while i still can it 's stock internals ?
i would use the ssd and ram that i purchased onto another device chromebook ?
onto another device that 'll be able to successfully run bots like a windows machine .
everything is still fresh and i 'm not sure if what i 'm feeling is normal .
we were 2 years together with talks of engagement and wedding next year .
i thought he was the one and am incredibly confused at myself for still thinking so despite the circumstances .
for a background of the near past we were going through a rough patch .
he needed space to think and despite my devastation gave it to him and stayed away .
however he was still logged into my laptop and just based on a gut feeling looked through his e-mail .
as a side note our passwords and accounts are open to one another .
in any case my gut was right and there was a recent dating app notification in his trash and a convo to meet with another girl in his gvoice .
i reached out to the girl before his meeting her and surprisingly she was the one that wanted me to catch them together .
i originally had planned to confront him about it before he met her .
nothing dramatic went down since i emphasized i did not want to make a scene .
after i caught him she left and we went back to the house .
this all happened with my sister my roommate and my best friend in tow .
in any case harsh words were said on my part and he finally backed down from the delusion he said was created by the adrenaline of getting caught we were broken up and admitted he cheated .
after the adrenaline was mostly done for the both of us we spoke more calmly .
nothing physical or emotional happened with the other person .
i ca n't even call her an ap '' since they were just meeting for the first time and was also devastated to hear she was deceived .
i know i ca n't and wo n't blame myself for his decision but ...
he 's taking all my sarcasm mean words condescending angry attitude with patience and acknowledgment that he deserves it .
he wants us back and is willing to do anything and everything i need to get us back .
he 's giving me my space and accepts it will take a long time and there would be a possibility i do n't want him back .
i want to forgive him and i want to continue working on us again .
i love him and i know i 'm not ready yet but i know i want to reconcile down the line .
if you ask me what 's stopping me it 's confusion of this feeling scared of the shame and judgment i 'll receive from those who supported me if i take him back and that he needs to get his act together with individual counseling and couples to follow if and when we get back together that he 's been avoiding when we were together .
i 'm not sure if feeling and knowing that so early on is normal or sane or if i 'm just still reacting from leftover adrenaline messing up my hormones while i also just started shark week .
it 's just a sure and strong feeling of i forgive you . ''
aside from asking is this normal or sane to want to forgive so soon ? what 's your experience of doing so ?
my situation is different from those on here as we 're not married much less engaged but this was going to be my forever person .
our relationship was wonderful aside from needing some improvement with communication and altercation handling .
to know i want to reconcile just not right now ?
edited for a typo x2 i spotted and some clarification .
so i tried to build a pc ordered all the components all compatible with each other and i downloaded windows 10 onto a usb followed the instructions on microsoft 's site and hoped for the best .
i assambled everything following some tutorial on youtube not the verge and followed the instructions .
i booted up the pc with usb plugged in first i managed to get to the windows ' booting screen but it said that i am missing a file .
then i formated the usb drive and downloaded the windows 10 again onto it .
it said something like error reading disk file '' .
did n't know what to do so i went to download windows again !
and after all that i passed the bios screen just to come across orange screen with white horizontal lines .
as i am indian and i can not find any wiccan members here ...
i 've been playing some games while at work i have some slow days and i am looking for something else to play !
i 've played games like undertale and lisa and was hoping to get a few more suggestions !
i never really enjoyed turn-based rpgs final fantasy pokemon etc but i realized that i do n't think i like them because of the grind .
i loved undertale and lisa because the game consisted of almost no grinding .
are there any other games that you all could suggest that are fun games that do n't consist of grinding ?
west of loathing is another game on my list to play for example
i told my counselor about my nov 1st deadline in august .
he has n't even started our school report and i 'm pretty sure his recs are gon na be lackluster .
we almost never have kids applying to private schools so he is totally clueless about this process .
afro ninjas is looking for players for mythic and mythic raiding .
extremely active guild with large raid and non-raid roster of social or old school members .
groups constantly farming m keys rbgs and discord groups .
we will pay for the cost of transfer and faction change if we feel you are a good fit website https afroninjasguild.com
we prefer all potential recruits speak with us on discord to get the best feel for our raiding culture and social atmosphere .
raid times 6pst-9pst or 9est-12est on tuesdays wednesdays thursdays .
social alt raid non-mandatory fridays or saturdays at 6pst .
we are looking primarily for likeminded players who are looking to join a cohesive core group of skilled players who have also been friends for 10 years .
if these times and this atmosphere is something you are looking for please reach out to me with any questions you may have here on this post or at
so i love the show and i 'm rewatching it for the like 8th time and i started with xana awakens since thats the first episode chronologically but i was wondering .
so at the end of xana awakens it shows that jeremie could n't remember what happened but odd ulrich and yumi did and they say that it must be since the virtualised however every episode we see jeremie does remember everything but we dont hear anything about him virtualisng until season 2 i think .
is this ever explained or are we just meant to assume he did virtualise before this we just dont know about it .
this isnt really a complaint or anything just a little something i noticed .
my car broke down in tonopah and there 's a shop there it got fixed at but i had to be back in vegas before it was finished .
so now i 'm trying to figure out a cheap way to get back there without needing to drive two cars back .
i could use a u haul vehicle how i got back from tonopah to vegas but that 's fairly expensive and i 'd like to avoid doing that again .
the silverado stages shows a bus going through tonopah but i called them and apparently it 's been cancelled recently .
anyone know other ways to get that trip done ?
longshot anyone happen to be heading north on 11/1 or 11/2 and would n't mind a passenger for a few hours ?
is this just me the sounds of notification and click buttons do n't work but everything else is fine .
would anyone be interested in exchanging postcards with me ?
i am collecting cards from different countries territories but so far i have nothing from seychelles .
add the bot type ! help in chat to get started .
information about commands prices stock how to use the bot is listed on bot 's steam profile info box .
owner 's steam profile if you face any issues http steamcommunity.com/id/infernoluciferum
i am looking for card set suppliers who can supply trading card sets on regular basis .
excuse me for being an idiot but i was wondering if anyone could confirm what i understand to be the differences in uses of an apostrophe in this case
dead poets society a society concerned with dead poets like the binding factor of the community is an interest in dead poets .
dead poet 's society a society made up of a dead poet which is not a society so ... does n't make sense
dead poets ' society a society made up of poets who are dead
welcome to the daily altcoin discussion thread of r/ethtrader .
all sub rules apply here so please review our rules page https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/about/rules to become familiar with them .
the rules page is also linked in the announcement bar above .
this thread is intended as a welcome place for discussion of all non-ethereum related crypto .
newcomers who have basic questions about ethereum can find answers by visiting r/ethereumnoobies or our ethereum education wiki page see here https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/wiki/education .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
book 4 is now available for sale on amazon kindle http mybook.to/purejadeptm !
also access to reddit has been spotty due to vpn issues in china .
going with the flow never making any real decisions .
but then as cha ming begins to question his place in the universe a fateful encounter gives him another chance at life .
a chance that takes him to a place where he can make his own destiny .
reborn in an ancient land filled with demons devils and angels cha ming finds himself facing challenges he never imagined .
he soon discovers that only the powerful get to make choices and the rest do n't get a say at all .
prior to his mysterious rebirth he was left with a riddle one that will change his life for better or for worse .
cha ming sets out to find the answers because if he does n't he may lose himself and everything he holds dear .
updates 5 times per week no guarantees on the days .
chapters are about 3000 words which is about 1.5 x as long as most webnovels out there but no hard and fast rule .
i have parrot security installed on my pocket 2 and have been tinkering around with my setup for the last few weeks .
after a little trial and error i now have my grub booting in the correct orientation .
i am certain that this will also work for those that are using the ubuntu mate distro .
i 'm still working on getting plymouth to display correctly .
tempest rising is a fast growing progression guild alliance side on proudmoore-us looking for dps and one healer to expand our raid roster for bfa .
we raid mon/tues from 8:30pm to 10:40pm eastern time .
while we are definitely looking for members to round out heroic our raiding team people who enjoy doing mythic plus or just being in a casual/social environment are more than welcome too .
our ambition is to get a group of people together who want to improve and advance through content and so as long as you come in with a good attitude and willingness to learn we are happy to have you .
we are looking for members who are excited to try raiding or continue raiding and lack of past raid progress is n't an issue as we are always willing to help people learn new content and properly gear to handle that content effectively .
if you 're invited you can rest assured that we are going to help you get up to speed and acclimated to the raiding environment .
our raid team is really chill and loves to joke around and really have fun whilst progressing content therefore a sense of humour is a must .
we always go into the raid together and we come out of the raid together meaning that we figure out the issues as a team and do not ditch members for mistakes .
while these are the spaces we currently have for our core raid team anyone will be considered for social and mythic plus .
as stated before we are located on proudmoore us however if you are not you are more than welcome to raid with us from your current server and if you decide the guild and raiding environment is something you want to be in permanently you can choose to switch then .
if you 're interested or have any questions feel free to contact us .
you can send a message here on reddit or through battle.net sunbrojade 1748 eletoile 1243 or sageofdookie 1535 .
additionally we can be reached on discord which we use for voice communication at either sunbrojade 0397 or eletoile 0377 or sageofdookie 3504 .
do you have a tier list you can share based on the key selection ?
welcome to the daily general discussion thread of r/ethtrader .
you are welcome to discuss altcoins in the daily altcoin discussion thread .
all sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/about/rules apply here so please be familiar with them .
find the latest altcoin discussion thread in this search listing https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/search ? q=author 3aautomoderator+title 3aaltcoin include_over_18=on sort=new t=all .
newcomers who have basic questions about ethereum can find answers by visiting r/ethereumnoobies or our ethereum education wiki page see here https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/wiki/education .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
during this time with the employer they 've been helping my spouse with the green card application along with maintaining h1-b visa .
however a year ago my spouse received green card through marriage .
he did however tell them he did not need the green card application assistance anymore .
is he supposed to tell his employer about his green card ?
city terraces offers uk opportunities buy-to-let property in terraces http www.oxfordproperty.com/uk-property/buy-to-let/city-terraces market .
i 'm trying to consolidate my pockets somewhat and would love to find a wallet that can hold a 3x4.7 rhodia pad or something similar .
i do n't just want a notebook cover—i 'm looking for something that can hold several credit cards a couple ids i.d .
dl and work id transit and library cards and without having to fold my cash in half .
extra points if it can hold a small pen i use a jetpen mini .
the catch is i want something that will fit in the pocket of my jeans .
the mixin network is framed on the start of hubs that work under the tutelage of the trusted execution environment tee .
these tees permit opens the pathway to resource administration and can scale exchanges continuously .
essentially the system had enabled engineers particularly in territories of making dapps utilizing existing frameworks .
mixin had effectively built up an informing application that backings end-to-end encryption .
the informing application the first to be produced on the blockchain gets rid of messages once they have been gotten to .
this is amazingly one more point of reference to mixin network 's main goal to anchor exchanges guard its clients ' information while conveying genuinely necessary adaptability and solidarity to the blockchain arrange .
pretty glad i 've never bother to seperate my rubbish .
massive article so i 'll just post some key facts
china and hong kong went from buying 60 per cent of the plastic waste exported by g7 countries during the first half of 2017 to taking less than 10 per cent during the same period a year later ... .the sector has long had an unsavoury side .
this has been exposed by the national sword policy as an industry plagued by allegations of smuggling corruption and pollution has suddenly been thrust into the spotlight .
china 's ban has also laid bare the uncomfortable economics behind household recycling and triggered a profound re-examination of the practice — one that many say was long overdue .
globally about half the plastic intended for recycling is traded overseas
many cities that previously received revenue from their recycling programmes now have to pay hauliers to dispose of the material instead
however the mood shifted several years ago as china got serious about cleaning up its environment .
the recycling industry fell out of favour due in part to corruption and poor environmental practices but also because chinese officials did n't want the country to be seen as the world 's dumping ground .
china finally realised that it was a net deficit to their country to take this scrap says jim puckett director of the basel action network a non-profit focused on the hazardous waste trade .
the harm to the groundwater and the harm to the air those have big economic costs.
with china 's door closed since the beginning of the year much of the plastic scrap has flowed to south-east asia instead – where it has triggered a new type of environmental crisis .
meanwhile hundreds of scrap-processing facilities have sprung up near the port often triggering complaints from locals about the pollution they produce .
a recent investigation by greenpeace unearthed discovered british recycling in malaysian dumps https unearthed.greenpeace.org/2018/10/21/uk-household-plastics-found-in-illegal-dumps-in-malaysia – including recycling sacks from local councils hammersmith and fulham and the royal borough of kensington and chelsea .
a cowboy operation usually dispenses with any environmental controls he explains such as wastewater treatment facilities .
the plastic recycling process involves washing the materials producing wastewater full of contaminants and heating up the plastic to produce pellets which can release chemical additives and emissions into the air . ''
there 's a tiny cafe opposite gospel oak station right next to hampstead heath called little oak that is run by vegans .
they usually have 2 vegan cakes vegan sausage rolls and sometimes mince pies around christmas .
they also offer a ton of vegan snacks as well as 6 different plant-based milks .
they do stock non-vegan stuff but all their non-bakery goods are vegan or at least all the ones i 've had so far .
i 'm moving away from them soon but man am i going to miss stopping by there on days i have n't had breakfast .
thought i 'd rep them for anyone caught hungry in the hampstead heath area .
account 3 archoria nightingale sieg summer martha x2 summer marie origin bullet knights of marine x2 2030
account 4 archoria waver emiya saberlot tama cat x2 origin bullet vessel of the saint victor of the moon
account 7 jalter archoria herc sieg marie summer marie x2 imaginary element x 2 2030 prisma knights of the marine
account 2 jalter marie nursery imaginary element vessel of the saint
account 4 jalter summer martha de eon fion tama cat sieg limit/zero victor to the moon
account 8 jalter de eon summer martha knights of marine x2 heaven 's feel 7sq 6 ticket
account 9 jalter emiya np2 summer martha kscope origin bullet knights of marine x3
single archuria starters 15 usd each default have more just too lazy to put em will eventually message me if you looking for a particular one xd
account 1 archoria viva lancelot x2 rhyme atlanta imaginary element x4 2030 x2 another ending knights of the marine volumen
account 2 archoria viva anne and mary x2 carmilla black grail formal craft summer martha x2 vessel of the saint another ending
account 3 archoria de eon kiritsugu nursery rhyme kscope 500 year x2 knights of the marines
i 'm in talks with a potential client for a writing/blog management gig .
1 day per week to handle content management where i get on call with them and discuss anything that requires their attention or input .
the rest of the day i 'd would be researching planning scheduling blog maintenance etc .
i wanted to know how i should price them for this 1 day a week .
please note they 'd pay me separately for content writing .
this is simply for managing their blog and working with their writers to make sure everything looks good .
a little background on me i 've 5 years of full-time experience in content marketing and i 've been freelancing since jan this year .
if you are of the opinion that the best stocks to invest are always expensive then you are wrong .
also if you think that it is only leading and growing companies that can offer the best options then you are looking at one side of the coin .
this is my first job and i just started 4 days ago .
the job application and interviews took 5 months so i was really glad that now i 'm finally here .
i got to apply in the first place because i was a board topnotcher in my field which i think was just out of pure luck company apprently only accepts scholars honor graduates and board topnotchers .
i went through 15 interviews which were n't all that okay imo but eventually got accepted .
now i 'm on the 4th day of training and i still feel like i do n't deserve to be here and also a bit lost for i have no idea what i 'm gon na do yet which is the purpose of the training i know .
i just ca n't remove the feeling that i wo n't be able to make it and it sucks because instead of absorbing the discussions i instead keep overthinking and zone out from time to time .
how do i remove this feeling of inadequacy so i can focus on the task at hand ?
i had this game yesterday were i played mirana and we lost even though we had a big lead
after thinking about the game the main problem was breaking hg against a sniper just shooting us from behind and a pa just throwing critting and cleaving daggers at us .
i bought the linkens to avoid wks stun or pas daggers was that a good or bad choice ?
would 've been a bladmail a good choice here ?
i was thinking about buying a desolator to deal more damage to buildings .
i thought picking the mana break talent was good against wk but i 've the feeling that this talent is n't that good even against mana dependent heroes .
bonus question for those who have time to watch the replay any concrete moves i made that lead to the loss or any advice what i 've could done better ?
sorry if this post breaks any subreddit rules ... a girl i 'm dating mentioned what her favorite flower was but i ca n't remember the name .
i know that it looks very similar to peonies and i think it has a two-worded name with a country/place of origin in it but all suggestions are welcome .
the world resources are limited we cant allow to grow in population uncontrolably .
we are 7 billion human beings at the moment 2.47 children are born per woman in the world and we 're not going to able to handle the situation .
not the way to solve the problem but we need to do something its suposed that earth can only sustain 10 billion people you think global warming is a problem ?
which it is imagine 3 billion more people in the earth hunger problems ?
p.d i 'm sorry i know my english kind of sucks and it 's difficult to me to express myself nice and freely .
looking for alot of new friends to send some gifts !
welcome to the weekly customization thread a.k.a trendy thursdays this is where you can request help to customize one of your pets and anyone who wants to help can reply to them .
also if you have any general question about nc or what petpet goes with your pet etc feel free to ask here too !
to ask for help on a customization you need to provide the following information
not necessary but it might help get a better understanding of a theme
limitations on wearables if you can only use np or you can also use some nc .
format is not necessary to copy also if you have a half-finished custom you do n't have to provide the info
to help make customizations please try to follow these simple guidelines
using dti https impress.openneo.net or jn 's wardrobe http wardrobe.jellyneo.net/app
try to include a brief summary of why you customized like that .
if you use expensive nc items make sure to find other items to replace them if the user ca n't afford them .
you can reply to anyone who needs help you ca n't take dibs on one user .
you can also reply to other customizations offered to do constructive criticism or offer modifications .
if the customization you reply with is not yours please give credit to the creator .
if you have any doubts or questions feel free to ask anything here or pm u/mellygirl123 or me !
so i m27 was thinking of doing this for some time but didnt because i was afraid of breaking a circle of friends but this week i decided to fuck it all and go for it .
made friends with a few people at game jams where we continued to hang out and go to different events outside the country and had a blast .
a girl f22 became single in the process started flirting with me we kissed and agreed on being fwb the coming week as she was going to a event .
i get to the event where she procedes to very obviously get me drunk has the fuck me eyes but at the end of the day goes with a different guy .
i wanted to talk things over as i felt taken advantage off and procede to leave as i felt uncomfortable .
in this time i was stressed overworked out of a long term fwb situation and my grandad died so i was emotionally allover the place but still wanted to stay friends because it would be a shame to waste it .
we communicated normaly all this time but last week she actively started ignoring me and was not sure why .
now her friend f28 that became her coworker i matched with her on tinder prior to meeting any of them noticed her immideatly at the event as a point of interest and on coming events and only 6 months later realised we matched .
she procedes to have a boyfriend so my feelings cool of for her but after the breakup she was very much open foreward and poking my brain about my thinking preferences desires to the point of me noticing a guy noticing a miracle i know .
now all this time i was thinking it would be a dick move to go for a friend in the group f28 but since the other girl was being quite ignorant of me its been 4 months the past is the past i decided to fuck it and am going to ask straight .
she is being very sexual in conversations open direct and im going to just ask her straight if she wants to bang .
she is smart likes to play games and im up for it .
if the friend group falls apart i honestly dont care to a degree as we see eachother once a month and am already not included in most of the group events .
i rather try and go empty handed than to regret not trying any thinking what could have been at this point .
i just needed to get this out of my system as the last 4 months have been mentaly brutal !
creataum technology is an it services company providing services such as web application development services software product development solutions and enterprise business solutions .
hey guys this is my very first game ever created !
i hope you will enjoy it and not get very angry at me or at the game .
i made it as a time consuming game and now i am working on another game and some updates for this one too .
i did n't add ads or monetize this game anyway .
i just want to get started with some small games while working on a bigger 3d game .
thank you for taking your time to get it and play it !
the only reason i 'm still here is because my mom will kick me out if i end up without a job i 'm 20 plus i give her money when i get paid because i really do n't have a choice .
they 've cut my hours over time i used to get 30-40 a week now i get 20 .
i barely make enough money it 's making my anxiety and depression so bad my savings is getting low i need money to take care of dental work i need because no one will help me asked my mom she just turned it into me not having a license not going to school or the service saying i just need to ask for more hours and stop being lazy my dad does n't do much about her being like that so i do n't ask him for help .
i ca n't find another job everyone either turns me down or does n't respond to me plus this is a small area with nothing that pays over minimum wage .
i ca n't do anything about it my job constantly targets me sets me up to fail and they treat me horribly write me up for anything .
i basically stoppe telling my dad about it because it just turns into him saying i should be grateful i have a job or it 's just life and i need to deal with it '' .
my partner just received an old provari 2.5 mini plus we bought some new 18350 efest batteries however it seems that the end cap will not screw flush to the mod are some batteries slightly longer ?
plus will this damage the unit if screwed tight ?
i 'm a 28 year old american in munich for the weekend .
i 'd love to buy some locals a beer in exchange for suggestions on where to drink/eat/visit .
let me know if you 're interested in the offer .
i should mention that dirty acts like illegal hits to the head may be inherently unsportsmanlike but i do n't feel like they belong here .
unless you want to play splatoon 2 or mario kart there are hardly any players on other online games .
mario tennis and arms are totally dead and they were really well populated up until the week of the free trial ended .
i feel that i am paying £20 a year for a service that has made my experience far worse .
in many tes games we had a chance to go to some plane of oblivioin and kill some people who lived over there .
when they 're killed do they die a final death ?
or since they now belong to their prince do they go to the void and return like daedra ?
and while at it how is it that their souls have physicality and can be killed ?
does that mean that daedric lords they used to worship gave them a daedric vestige once they joined '' their realm ?
come to think of it i would also ask the same questions about aetherius as in tes5 alduin was able to kill '' ?
many souls in shor 's domain and they had physicality for sure if you a physical being had to fight a gatekeeper to pass through ...
i 'm not doing anything specific for halloween but i 've just moved into a new house and i do n't know how active the area is with regards to trick or treating .
so if i buy a bunch of non vegan sweets and no one or not a lot of kids cove they 'll just be in my house .
does anyone know of cheap multipack sweets in supermarkets that are vegan ?
are you guys going to try and have high honor or low honor and why ?
title pretty much says it all i 'm pressing play now in the blizz launcher .
it greys out saying playing now '' but nothing is running on my comp ?
this is late but i totally forgot to ask .
this year they were selling these led necklaces all over the park i think it was a head .
its probably one of my favorites and im mad that na never gets anything cool its always europe and japan .
where is the public swimming bit from and what the fuck does it mean ?
temco will create an ecosystem that merge all supply chain management starting from the manufacturing point to the final consumers in one system .
within the temco ecosystem all the body involved in supply chain will be able to locate any kind of goods at an easier way without any much stress .
renewed risk aversion reveals usd behaving like a haven asset once again
lingering headwinds warn sentiment may sour further us q3 gdp on tap
see our us dollar forecast to learn what will drive prices through the end of the year !
us dollar has all but erased losses sustained against the back drop of the prior week 's market rout .
its rebound did not coincide with returning risk appetite .
rather the bellwether s p 500 stock index is on course to finish the week little changed unable to sustain a bounce after the third-largest drop in two years .
recovery came courtesy of hawkish in minutes from september 's fomc meeting as expected .
officials flagged risks linked to leveraged loans and a stronger currency but still unanimously agreed that gradual tightening is the best path forward .
a rise beyond the long run level was even posited .
that deflates the idea that the greenback has migrated to the risk-on side of the g10 fx sentiment spectrum .
indeed the benchmark unit reclaimed its place alongside the yen and us treasury bonds the very next day rising amid risk aversion .
expectant markets will not have a meaningful opportunity to re litigate the issue until third-quarter us gdp data comes across the wires friday .
a slowdown is expected but the annualized growth rate is still seen coming in at a brisk 3.2 percent .
a particularly big miss might revive powell put hopes somewhat .
in the meantime festering trade wars and shaky politics threaten to keep risky assets on the defensive .
italy is still on a collision course with eu authorities talks are at a stalemate the us remains at odds with china and anti-establishment politicians have muddied the fiscal landscape from sweden to brazil .
the us dollar seems like a natural beneficiary amid the kind of de-risking of portfolios that such a landscape encourages .
it is precisely times like this that make its unrivaled liquidity most appealing .
before all else a broad-based cashing out needs a vehicle able to smoothly absorb capital flows on a vast scale .
okay so i 'm not someone with really any sort of musical knowledge but the guitars sound really similar to me .
does anyone else think so or am i just totally off ?
when i go to the gunshop at valentine there 's no gunsmith there and i cant buy anything .
mindinsole reviews https mindinsolereviews.com good thing about the internet is the ability to study the opinions of other users .
the more positive ratings a given company receives the lower the risk of dissatisfaction with the service .
on social networks you can view photos of meals such as real customers not photo sessions .
this allows you to assess the portion size and appearance of the dishes .
it is important to carefully study the menu offered by various catering companies .
if we are not able to assess whether the distribution of meals and macronutrients in particular dishes is suitable for us it is worth meeting with a dietitian .
the best independent who will analyze the offer of several companies and advise on choosing the best box diet .
planning in slowly buying different parts for my first build..
i 've been keeping an eye on prices for a while now and at the moment i can get the ' msi 1070ti armour 8gb ' for £383 from amazon .
but having never looked at the prices of pc parts on a black friday before what are the chances of it being lower ?
should i just take this chance while it 's low and hope for the best ?
here 's what i would have said in response to
thecrimson.com at harvard event nancy pelosi calls for united approach to midterm elections news the harvard crimson https www.thecrimson.com/article/2018/10/17/nancy-pelosi-iop-talk-midterms
cnbc.com it 's either trump or pelosi gop group 's ad blitz gives voters a choice ahead of the midterms https www.cnbc.com/2018/10/16/gop-groups-ad-blitz-gives-voters-a-choice-trump-or-pelosi.html
thehill.com pelosi i do n't see any dems voting for wall funding https thehill.com/homenews/house/411569-pelosi-i-dont-see-any-dems-voting-for-wall-funding
bostonherald.com congressional candidate calls pelosi 's campaign visit a bid to buy vote http www.bostonherald.com/news/us_politics/2018/10/congressional_candidate_calls_nancy_pelosis_campaign_visit_a_bribe
yahoo.com nancy pelosi i 'm confident democrats will retake the house https www.yahoo.com/news/nancy-pelosi-im-confident-democrats-retake-house-210303889 election.html
newburyportnews.com trahan courts embattled pelosi in run for congress http www.newburyportnews.com/news/trahan-courts-embattled-pelosi-in-run-for-congress/article_db1f1530-4c37-5e37-84d4-67a20c8c5fd5.html
sfgate.com pelosi outlines agenda if democrats retake house https www.sfgate.com/news/politics/article/pelosi-outlines-agenda-if-democrats-retake-house-13312647.php
voanews.com pelosi outlines agenda if democrats retake house https www.voanews.com/a/pelosi-outlines-agenda-if-democrats-retake-house/4616801.html
washingtontimes.com pelosi outlines agenda if democrats retake house https www.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/oct/16/pelosi-outlines-agenda-if-democrats-retake-house
politico.com gonzalez gears up for tv — warren plays defense — pelosi 's visit — amore 's democratic past https www.politico.com/newsletters/massachusetts-playbook/2018/10/17/gonzalez-gears-up-for-tv-warren-plays-defense-amores-democratic-past-328794
washingtonpost.com pelosi outlines agenda if democrats retake house https www.washingtonpost.com/politics/pelosi-outlines-agenda-if-democrats-retake-house/2018/10/16/baffe4b0-d194-11e8-a4db-184311d27129_story.html
rollcall.com pelosi not willing to trade over border wall calls it trump ‘manhood issue ' https www.rollcall.com/news/politics/pelosi-not-willing-to-trade-over-border-wall-calls-it-manhood-issue-for-trump
mercurynews.com pelosi hints dems could ‘find common ground ' with trump https www.mercurynews.com/2018/10/16/pelosi-hints-dems-could-find-common-ground-with-trump
abcnews.go.com pelosi outlines agenda if democrats retake house https abcnews.go.com/politics/wirestory/pelosi-outlines-agenda-democrats-retake-house-58544703
thehill.com pelosi calls trump 's desire for border wall a ‘manhood issue ' https thehill.com/homenews/house/411810-pelosi-calls-trumps-desire-for-a-border-wall-a-manhood-issue
bostonherald.com congressional candidate calls pelosi 's campaign visit a bid to buy vote http www.bostonherald.com/news/us_politics/2018/10/congressional_candidate_calls_pelosis_campaign_visit_a_bid_to_buy_vote
politico.com 92 house democratic hopefuls outraised an incumbent https www.politico.com/newsletters/morning-score/2018/10/17/92-house-democratic-hopefuls-outraised-an-incumbent-376548
twitchy.com 'a manhood issue ' nancy pelosi channels michael corleone on what she 'll give up in exchange for trump 's border wall https twitchy.com/gregp-3534/2018/10/17/nancy-pelosi-channels-michael-corleone-on-what-shell-give-up-in-exchange-for-trumps-border-wall
breitbart.com pelosi i 've been 'suspicious ' of trump-saudi 'financial transaction ' 'i think that plays out here ' breitbart https www.breitbart.com/video/2018/10/15/pelosi-ive-been-suspicious-of-trump-saudi-financial-transaction-i-think-that-plays-out-here
mediaite.com nancy pelosi ‘i was always suspicious ' that a ‘financial transaction ' affected trump 's treatment of saudis https www.mediaite.com/online/nancy-pelosi-i-was-always-suspicious-that-a-financial-transaction-affected-trumps-treatment-of-saudis
bustle.com nancy pelosi says trump 's wall is a manhood issue she does n't want to deal with https www.bustle.com/p/nancy-pelosi-says-trumps-border-wall-is-a-manhood-issue-she-doesnt-want-to-deal-with-12587520
foxnews.com pelosi does n't mind democrats candidates opposing her speaker bid https www.foxnews.com/politics/pelosi-doesnt-mind-democrats-candidates-opposing-her-speaker-bid
minnpost.com nancy pelosi is still the gop 's favorite bogeyman — even as democratic candidates inch away from her minnpost https www.minnpost.com/national/2018/10/nancy-pelosi-is-still-the-gops-favorite-bogeyman-even-as-democratic-candidates-inch-away-from-her
washingtonpost.com pelosi says democrats could find ‘common ground ' with trump — to a point https www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/pelosi-amid-lengthy-campaign-swing-announces-34-million-haul-for-democrats/2018/10/16/8748556c-d162-11e8-83d6-291fcead2ab1_story.html
breitbart.com pelosi having gavel will give me ‘leverage ' over trump breitbart https www.breitbart.com/politics/2018/10/16/pelosi-having-gavel-will-give-me-leverage-over-trump
dailycaller.com pelosi wanting a wall is about the president being a man https dailycaller.com/2018/10/17/pelosi-wall-trump-manhood
i am a bot trying to encourage a balanced news diet .
these are all of the articles i think are about this story .
sort articles based on any opinions or perceived biases and neither i nor my
creator advocate for or against any of these sources or articles .
popcorn often used in 1970s/1980s settings from youtube https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=njxnnqtchhg
there 's also the star-spangled banner for anything about the u.s. or july 4th .
apart from this what other songs would you consider as widely used background music on television/streaming services in movies ?
on british television anyway dua lipa new rules https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=k2qgadsvnyu '' is occasionally used without lyrics as a soundtrack for consumer shows or on shows involving talking heads pundits and even on things involving brexit on some news channels .
this is very much a til for me as at first it seemed familiar but i could n't quite work out what the song was .
this is nostupidquestions thought i 'd ask about this one .
i bet you all get this a lot but i posted here a while ago concering jump serving and not jumping as high as i 'd like .
even for spiking i wan na be able to jump even higher and spike harder !
i 've played volley for 2 years now and when i started i couldnt ' jump at all but now i can spike fairly decently but not anything amazing but definently less than the average volleyball player .
i 'm 184 6'0 and i feel like i have the potential and room to grow but i just precise steps and a routine i can follow that will increase my vertical so i can jump high and spike hard just like all the pro players !
what did you guys do to increase your vertical and did you notice sudden improvements ?
i did this commission piece a few months ago but it was such a great group to work on .
all the character descriptions were so detailed and feedback was really helpful .
although eight characters at once was a grueling task .
obviously there was a collection wipe at some point now i have 192k scraps .
wondering what the websites were for decks so i could get some ideas .
last time i played there were three rows too lol .
also can someone explain what the provision system is all about ?
last year 3 games separated the 3rd seed from the 8th seed .
while the early part of the regular season is often a trial run for lebron when he 's on new teams these games are crucial in the west .
the lakers had two extremely winnable games and walton 's obsession with rondo played a big part in the loss of both games .
i agree that he genuinely should be on the hot seat .
what are some of the easiest non-lit classes that you 've taken or heard of ?
it 's not as easy to tell with the grade distribution chart having been taken down ...
so while i was building the shield in ix i found out that i could pick up a piece of helmet in the shape of hermes helmet gods messenger in greek mythology .
i just wanted to point that out just in case someone found something else that is suspicious .
its located in the gods temple where all the weapons and shields are at .
should be in between the closed/open gate entrance and one of the zombie spawn windows .
i am encountering a strange issue where the game is letting me put buildings on top of roads .
the game is also letting me put roads on top of roads has anyone experience this issue or have any idea which mod is causing similar issues ?
sorry if this has been addressed elsewhere but as of now i ca n't seem to find runaway on cbs all access ?
did they take it off after a certain amount of time or is this just a glitch ?
i only noticed when looking for the next one 's air date lol .
been looking for a lo fi song that has the beginning clip of a short film called if we love https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1aleylrrw3u .
the beginning part where the guy talks about the girls dress .
harry gained some powers of voldemort because he was his horcrux .
what if a muggle was made to be a horcrux could they gain some magical powers ?
it 's just something that popped into my head and i thought it was an interesting question .
i dont know how to get em can someone help me ?
i just bought a msi apache pro ge72mvr laptop .
the issue im having is i noticed downloads were very slow with battle.net https battle.net and steam .
so i did a speed test and i got 25mb down .
pulling that same exact wire out of my laptop and putting it in the back of my desktop going to the same speedtest site using the same server i get 150mb down .
i expected slower speeds with laptop hardware ... . but not that much slower .
so we have a halloween party tonight and i 'm dressed as brad pitt in fury and i want to replicate his hair any tips ?
when i just put the pomade on there 's still waves in my hair .
but when i put the clay it straightens it up better but it 's matt finish .
so i want to mix the clay heavy hold pomade to add a little shine and weight on my hair .
pardon me if i just missed it but i was replying to a pm and i could n't find my sent messages anywhere .
it would have been helpful to see my last sent message for reference 's sake .
i already posted to 2 different vet subs and am getting no answers .
i 'm anxious and scared but broke as fuck and really frustrated .
like the title says my kitten 6 months old 5 lbs .
short hair mix not a flat faced breed is breathing strangely .
her lungs sound clear i listened with my medical grade stethoscope several different times and there 's no audible struggle when she breathes but she 's taking very shallow and quick breaths .
the internet said she should be breathing 30 breaths per minute my girl is breathing 68-82 breaths per minute that i 've measured while resting .
she 's not panting coughing not hunched over to breathe she 's eating and drinking playing like normal etc .
she 's usually much more docile and calm compared to my other kitten so it 's hard to say if she 's lethargic i do n't think she is though she 's perky and interested in everything follows me from room to room like normal purring ... all the things .
i do n't know what to make of it .
google is all over the place and nothing i 've read matches her symptoms .
i just finished watching the new macbook pro advertisement https youtu.be/hs1hols4sd0 .
apple says their products are manufactured with recycled aluminum is this true ?
if it is can anyone help me find some more details about it ?
also i 've never posted on this sub before and the rules stated no greenwashing but i felt this was different .
i 'd recommend you get a good cpu first like an i7 or something it 'll be much more valuable in the long term .
there were two of them lying in lockers so i assume it was specific to the spot .
hell drift0r is basically a fortnite youtuber now alot of them are .
or just battle royale in general it 's where that teen/kid money is at .
do n't know what show it was think it was the news .
but it was her interviewed at a fish farm about the fish farm .
the new one wo n't be viable in the jungle at all
it does cover the active screen area but misses quite a bit at the top near the speaker .
you can see it in citypanda 's photo the top part ends weirdly .
it was clearly designed for a different front as there 's no reason to put the two 'ears ' at the top where they are now .
there are a special license granted to civilians by the guardia civil in very specific cases threatened judges high risk bodyguards or in very rare cases high assault risk jewellers or any other threatened civilian or ex military and police officers who apply for .
that license is only valid for 3 years and only allows to own 1 handgun .
however this kind of license is less and less granted specially since eta 's arms surrender .
hunting rifles sport firearms and blank firearms are allowed his use and/or possession under certain circumstances and licenses .
also it 's an arcade racer not a racing sim .
i would n't even like real damage especially if affects the engine that would take some of the fun away .
do you realize that 's actually a false statement i mean i guess you 're right about the race part but not completely ethnicity has biological basis .
for example i 'm technically of the white race but i have biologically little in common with a white european person because i 'm middle eastern
i am sure i did have the problem but my workaround was to only update the led when something changed and not on every loop which was giving me some midi problems .
i have since looked at fastled and the spi based leds instead and was going to change over if i every made a newer version but at the moment my projects actually works quite well and i can use with as they are .
i 'm going through the same thing you 're not alone .
i suffer from major depressive disorder and it 's not easy ...
i still cry at random times and it kills the people around me that care and love me .
i started seeing a proper psychologist and will see a psychiatrist in a few days .
therapy alone has n't really worked for me in the past but only because i had really shitty therapists .
i finally found a good one after a few tries constantly trying to find a good therapist can be defeating but do n't give up so i 'm hoping to feel/see some results .
i 've stopped working because of my random breakdowns.. talking it out to someone who is n't going to judge you will do wonders .
reach out here that 's why i 'm here or find a psychologist .
just remember that it is extremely difficult to get out of that hole once you 're in it ... it 's hell but you 're not alone .
all caps titles are not permitted as per rule 6 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
i could n't find a quote from one of the trailers that fits with what i 'm tryna say so i 'm gon na let one of you do it for me
making single use plastics out of thermoset plastics that can be disposed of in a standardized disposal unit that melts them down into a puck that can be pick up with the recycling .
it would require people to give a shit though which is impossible .
i think that she genuinely believes that she is helping people and that the farm is good .
i do n't get the creepy vibe from her at all .
she ca n't help if she was raised to believe certain things .
i truly think she thinks she 's doing good .
i like the pink/blue one because it gives him full clown makeup .
reminds me of the bank heist in the dark knight
in 2016 the koch war chest was 900 million .
this portmanteau https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portmanteau was created from the phrase 'sweaty palmier ' .
to learn more about me check out this faq https www.reddit.com/78ilq0 .
and yeah there 's definitely a bunch of different versions of him going around .
basically skyrim requires it 's update files to run on current firmware if you are banned like me you will need to download it and manually install it using tinfoil
i 'm calling it now lady gaga as cher in her future biopic
just recently quit a job where my boss would give us the schedule on monday for that monday .
he would just ask people to come in on sunday for the next day because he was too lazy to do the schedule..
one of the very many reasons i left that job..
never had such a compliment 😂 ... oh aw ...
rarely had people simply compliment does it count when they were a gf ?
make sure you 've created and linked your reference to help track trades .
the rules are located on the sidebar but you can check them out in this link here .
our stolen account and scammer blacklist is located here https trello.com/b/guyobjl0/the-blacklist .
please do not make any with a blacklisted or trade or buy stolen accounts they against reddit 's terms of use .
any users knowingly dealing with stolen account will be reported to the reddit admins .
it is highly discouraged to go first with any user .
join and request a middleman to assist with your trade .
we try to provide an around the clock service .
if you choose to go first and not use one of our middlemen the only thing we can do is ban the user when you report them .
send us a modmail immediately if a user tells you that they do not want to use a middleman .
cross-trading may come to discord only in the future but it will never be allowed on the subreddit .
please remember to to have the following in your trade/sale post as per the submission policy for each account you are offering
watermarked images with your full reddit username u/redditname or redditname '' and full discord id discordname xxxx '' if you plan on posting it on discord .
please include both if you are planning on trading on both platforms even if the name portion of you discord and reddit are exactly the same .
if your watermark is not clearly visible and readable it will be removed .
if your add a color block behind your watermark letters it must have some sort of transparency and be able to discern what 's underneath otherwise it will also be removed .
all watermarks need to be in the game area the surrounding border region does not count as the game area .
please make sure your image is not cropped or edited in any way aside from adding the watermark .
do not include any blocks of solid color or images in your watermark .
if you wish to use solid blocks or images at least give them some transparency so they are see thru .
at least one watermarked image of the account at minimum one if you have more all of them need to be watermarked a link to an watermarked image album/gallery per offered account .
note if your most does not fulfill the submission policy it will be removed .
if you post has been removed for not fulfilling the submission policy .
you may edit it to fix the issue and message the moderators via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgotrades to have it approved .
you must include a link to your post if you wish to have it approved .
if you do not include a link to you post your request will not be acknowledged until you do so .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gotrades if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason
try checking the r/atheism front page or r/atheism/new for the topic .
if you think you are providing new information on this topic consider contacting the moderators via modmail .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the subreddit commandments .
http www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines if you have any questions please do not delete your submission and message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atheism thank you .
'it 's possible to work around this problem ' is not the same thing as 'this is n't a problem ' and this pissweak defence is everywhere today with people pointing out the obvious flaws in this decision
but it was ok for dems to do the same .
still you want to check it before you buy a toilet .
the terrain in land and naval is so gamey in many instances .
i go to virginia western and while you can get on campus without an id the library does close at 8pm .
the campus police usually start locking buildings down around 10pm too .
he does n't need it to anyone is n't biased about lebron .
he carried cleveland and they are nothing without him .
but lebron 's critics have a new narrative that he makes his teammates worse so in that sense it helps .
god can not show himself to us in this plane of being because then we would have a planet of christians that follow him not out of love but out of fear of the alternative .
see we look at his message and we understand it to be the truest form of the path to a righteous lifestyle .
the mere fact that he cares so much to attempt to offer us salvation in his kingdom is enough to fill us with love eternal .
we do n't know but that 's not exactly relevant because believing is more beneficial to us .
what would be the relevance of the fact that 2.2 ± 0.4 3.1 ± 0.8 and 2.5 ± 0.8 all overlap ?
i assume that at the very least this means that some of the 15 participants in the lchf group did not have an actual ldl-c increase or an insignificant one sd increased .
we have more events but they are global exclusives and slowing releases on some units .
you sound like you 're making yourself miserable with the whole comparison thing .
you 're going to drive yourself insane if you keep mentally circling around that issue .
also those mind movies you 're likely having of him and her .
with huge amounts of time and work they can lose some of their impact and occur less frequently but they will never be completely gone from your mind .
sex with her will never be the same either .
a lot of the good stuff '' about marriage was gone for me .
i wish someone had told me this before i attempted to reconcile with my cheating wife .
save yourself some time and heaps of emotional turmoil and file for divorce .
ironically it 's the egyptians who would be offended by your criticism .
they take great offense to people asserting the concept of race onto their culture something they do n't believe in or perceive themselves .
so they likely would have zero issue with that casting .
i do n't see what this post has to do with christianity .
the family values '' screed belongs almost solely to those with the religious mindset .
you may want to re think that ... ... ... its about the banksters loaning out cheap money to those that do n't know what livening within your means is australian banks loan from the us and that cheap money is no longer so now the australian banksters are 2trillion on the hook with mortgage loans to folks that should never have got those loans and now will be hung out to dry .
the only thing america is to blame for is being copied by australia for the 2008 gfc .
did you not know there was a royal commission ? ?
yes it works as tank but its not on sword saint level .
your ac is high but this natural 20 rolls are a problem .
air element has not many attacks but pet wlil make up for it when buffed .
do n't go rogue for dex to damage alone .
you lose caster level spells concentration and get shapes later .
there is nothing you want in your neclace slot anyway .
amulet of natural armor do n't stack with barkskin .
greater magic fang '' replace amulet of mighty fist '' .
have a alchemist in your group he is the only one who can cast the shild '' spell on you for 4 extra ac .
have a cleric for magical vestment '' and shield of faith ''
get the cape of the white wolf 1d6 bit damage and free trip when hit with bit from the bridge map west of your capitol near the south exit of the bridge
but you can get a very powerful weapon later in the game that makes you very strong when pet is a bear or you are one but that shape is not good thundering claw of the bear god
and you get crany style for free and saves 2 feat slots .
be lawful neutral your you ca n't take monk !
race aasimar is a powerful 2dex and 2 wis and on top wings 3 melee ac .
halfling is good too but suffer from lower damage and less wis his char is a dump stat anyway
i always like seeing screenshots however without the correct context they can make things even more confusing .
i just think you need to simply say what the app is for .
girl astrid grace though so does n't want middle names and i do or willow grace
my motivation goes up when i watch climbing movies in fact i do this every hang board antagonist session .
i 've seen some reel rocks like 10 times already .
stoke is high they have a lot of fun while sending hard and it 's set in incredible nature scenery .
seemed like a great way to alienate family and friends .
glad you got out without too much time wasted .
side note i heard martinez is a really good professor and i 'm thinking of taking his class next semester but do n't really want to go all the way to sugarland .
i broke 100k for the first time when i was 29 and that was living in a very low col area .
having cash during the 2008 crash and able to buy on the way down helped me boost things significantly .
this is the rr video antranik made although i 'm not sure if it 's still up to date since the rr got changed at some point .
probably needs a little more song structure if your into that sort of thing .
there are plenty of tutorials online that would give some guidance in that department .
kav said if conor was taken down the plan was to conserve energy and hope khabib wasted his .
they were literally banking on conor having better cardio than khabib .
i guarantee i could apologize better than him in my sleep not that i care that much about his apology .
if you actually think his apology is meaningful you must be reading at a 5th grade level
maybe on a console but on the pc the competition is so big that i think the numbers will be disappointing for them .
i mean why play a buggy game that offers absolutely nothing worth of mentioning ?
even though my name is replicant i swear that i am not an artificial robot/android/cyborg and i can show you my voight-kampff test results for proof !
most are n't very tolerant but i have to believe it is the patriots .
every time a dude starts stuff in the locker room or is n't a team player bill ships them off somewhere else with brady seemingly being the only immune one .
they do n't give an absolute shit what their players do
you can look at the very few other epic pets on the black market if there 's even any listed right now .
i 've only seen them go for 50m so i 'd hold on to it until you can either find someone to buy it through world chat or i 'd say 50–100m is probably what you 're hopefully able to make .
i have n't looked in a few days so i apologize if they 're not that much but check the black market 's epic pets !
here is my latest track i have been playing around a lot more within the daw and found some new stuff you can find it on
having a notch just looks embarrassing from this point onwards
agreed just get 5 hours and wake up to a double shot of espresso
migrant caravan is the perfect demonstration that they 're a political operation .
3 deny science like climate change and vaccinations in favor of faith in nice-sounding teachers '' 4 enjoy guns and weapons and think it 's good to raise children on gun-values !
6 one true source of authority and wish death and killing on others who do n't respect authority .
drug cartels are also conservative business '' values that share a lot of this .
would be nice to get something but actual raid rewards are rare and special for a reason .
too much of this kind of thing and you end up with year 1 again .
he rests his guitar on his hip so he 's constantly contorting himself at weird angles .
seems normal in real time but when there 's a photo at just the right moment it can be quirky as hell .
i know people flame ppy drafts a lot but seeing secret play is so fun .
knocked it down to 6gb and downloaded java 64 bit it 's at 50-55fps but should n't it be higher with a pc like that ?
i love how this thread is convinced that it 's trump supporter doing this ... then we find out they sent a mail bomb to the white house too .
naw let 's just jump to conclusions when has that ever gone wrong ?
fair point about the camos but i just think if you 're gon na do them dont just half arse them .
rattlewood is an awesome course well worth a trip .
usual pace of play is a bit on the slow side but the condition and price are good and it 's one of the best strategic designs in the area in my opinion .
too bad i 'm across the country from portland rip
you should post this as a lpt want free weed in a legalized country ?
check out the departures area of a train station/airport .
i think you can also set a custom shortcut on the home left side button .
ugh i knew i should n't have used a euphemism ...
what i mean by actual is an actual reason as to why you downvoted me .
personally i do n't think the newer cooler looks so bad on the rx580 .
now on the cards where it is bigger like this it looks funny as i think they should have kept some form of center section on the dips on the sides .
carhart-harris who actually deserves the credit for the idea in question is cited numerous times in the link you 've provided thank you btw .
i think pollan did a good job covering the decades of prior research .
pages 82-218 are dedicated to unfolding ‘several decades of research ' .
he gets to the more recent stuff in a later chapter .
when the enemy is overwhelming you but the barbarian has greater cleave
because when the internet took off these countries were able to use existing infrastructure to speed along getting it out to people namely telephone lines .
other countries did not have such extensive infrastructure so they were starting fresh when new innovations came along .
now countries using old infrastrure are not investing in it .
in the us there is still an argument over whether or not internet is a utility and who is responsible for upgrading infrastructure .
companies have been given public money expressively to upgrade but then never deliver .
new companies pretty much get stalled forever trying to set up shop anywhere by legal means and places trying to set up fully public internet services are finding the same challenges .
i 'm going to search for both films actually with a bias toward i downloaded a ghost
you think that 's weird but the boomkin form has smaller mounts than the regular tauren form yet the boomkin form 's toy raft for fishing is bigger than the regular tauren form 's raft .
i appreciate we got here by an npc getting damage from eating an object without stopping to eat the object .
alright this is probably going to sound stupid but where do people buy those thc cartridges ?
i see a lot of people using them and it makes it seem like i can just walk into a smoke shop and buy some .
when you 're walking behind someone like at a shopping center mall and they suddenly stop .
oh god the next newscycle is gon na be a dumb political debate over these bombs
maybe it 's a hold over from when chibnall was writing broadchurch .
in other words go over the facts of the case to see if you 've missed anything .
they even made a little pin up board on the hotel room wall like you see detectives do on tv in rosa .
although that could have something to do with yaz 's police training .
by adding pairs of digits like this you are essentially just multiplying by 11 .
for numbers where this gives you the same decimal expansion starting in a different place you probably want to look at the wikipedia page on cyclic numbers .
in particular it suggests that this may only work for certain prime numbers though i have n't read it in detail 43 would fall into this category .
would n't that be the same as a woman character though ?
ah i was hoping this showed up somewhere online for free .
guess it 's time to take to the high seas
according to what i 've read on ask a manager it 's rude to not invite some of your coworkers and not others if the invite list is over 50 of the group .
my friend had this lecturer who would tell the most ridiculous stories .
at first i thought my friend was lying because there 's no way anyone could belive these stories .
but this lecturer is actually from our own small hometown so we know that some of his stories are plain false because we lived there .
but his most crazy one i 'll never forget .
he was kayaking 10 miles away from shore in the north atlantic when he came across a whale who was a little too friendly bumping up against his kayak .
but then all of a sudden the whale picked him up in his mouth and threw him back towards shore .
not really because it applies over the whole instrumentation .
bass and guitar in metal are usually playing the same thing an octave apart and bands with twin lead guitars such as iron maiden slayer metallica and their thousands of imitators are often playing harmonised melodies a third apart .
gillum the guy that took bribes in an fbi sting undercover fbi agents paid for tallahassee mayor andrew gillum 's hotel room and his ticket to the broadway musical hamilton during a 2016 trip to new york city according to a bombshell trove of records ''
and abrams who could not run her personal finances owes the irs more than 50k in back taxes owes 170k on credit cards and student loans as everyone following the race now knows i owe the irs over 50,000 in deferred tax payments i am currently on a repayment plan and hold more than 170,000 in credit card and student loan debt . ''
now personally abrams is less of an issue for me ... .
but her first job was making 95k a year .
yet she tries to play on gender and race issues with money ?
these are the type you want to lead the party ?
one that took bribes and one that ca n't handle finances ?
grab a guitar if there 's a pawn shop nearby or facebook marketplace you could find a decent beginner acoustic or electric package for 50-75 .
get going by watching youtube how to 's and you 'll have years of entertainment learning and creating music if you stick with it !
my point exactly but boy he sure did shoot that strawman down with a vengance !
this all comes down to the style and quality you desire .
building a good wardrobe on a budget is doable if you 're patient .
if you do not have the patience for it then you 'll feel right at home at target h m uniqlo etc .
if you have n't bought apparel in a long time it would be a good idea to walk into a store you like and try on some clothes to figure out your size .
you can always subscribe to this sub and lurk around for sales .
if you need to shop real quick for affordable sneakers try sneakers n ' stuff 's fall sale here https www.sneakersnstuff.com/en/909/final-clearance-items and see if there 's anything you like .
and i expected not to be able to buy another one .
but since it 's gwent 1.0 now it could as well be possible collection wipe complete overhaul etc .
you declare your product finished like cdrp did with gwent ?
... then the starter package should n't be visible at all to ppl who already bought it .
or at least it has to yes has to tell the player that and why it 's not available to them .
instead of proper behaviour gwent just selects the anniversary package .
... then you got ta notice with even just 3 playstesters that while cards are missing a vital piece of information while opening kegs .
... then you got ta notice that your tutorial omits basic concepts .
all of that is terrible ux design that has no place in a so called finished '' product .
and now go on with full speed gwent defence force .
i gladly take 200 if just 3 people start looking up what ux the only thing i critized means instead of reacting like sissies .
the primary meaning of beautiful '' is pleasing to the senses '' .
the word exists to communicate that you find something aesthetically pleasing .
therefore it does make sense to call an artwork beautiful because it implies a subjective experience .
it 's not any sort of objective measure of difference between artworks therefore your entire argument is flawed .
as a freelancer it 's not like i have a choice
bigfoot may exist somewhere in the universe so could unicorns .
you can come to the conclusion that with the evidence at hand it is most likely that x does n't exist but you can never fully deny the existence of x due to the fact that all evidence is not present .
for all i care they can play what they want .
seeing that there is are less possibilities of getting what you consider good material since it becomes more and more rare .
the problem is also feeling alone in your preferences finding it very hard to find like-minded players .
imagine how you 'd feel if suddenly most rpgs and players were centered around playing a type of game you not only dislike but despise .
imagine most players wanted to play trees roots '' a game in which you roleplay a tree .
would you be just ranting about people having fun ?
or would you be voicing how it makes you feel while acknowledging their right to play whatever shitty games they want ?
i 'm personally doing the latter which is something many of you did n't understand .
never have i said that they should change or crom forbid !
there are many others pariahs or castaways who are just as old fashioned and conservative as i am in terms of rpgs .
i have met people like me and we have fun together .
but nowadays it gets increasingly tougher for people like us to just play since there are less and less players that adhere to what we consider a worse style of rpging .
cheering up the crowd is probably kohli 's only strategy as a captain
it 's been dying '' for years whats it matter as long as they keep supporting the game and you can get matches ?
i mean just a few months ago they dropped tons of hd map reworks and whatnot .
used canon 5d miii and a used tamron 24-70 first gen because lately i 've been asked to take a lot more pictures at indoor tabletop/video gaming events and my 7d and 5d classic were n't getting the shots in low light that i wanted .
i also started a new job at a university where there 's an unbelievable amount of cool things to take pictures of architecture people etc and i 've been itching to capture as much as possible !
i do n't think you understand what leftism looks like in this country right now .
ocasio-cortez campaign was anything but smug obnoxious or annoying .
do democrats sometimes come off as a bit stuffy ?
yeah but most of that perception is literal propaganda from the right .
john kerry getting swift boated even though he served more honorably than bush ever did .
not to mention the right plays to the lowest common denominator constantly they 're full blown anti-intellectualism and stoke it all to our demise .
obama was anything but smug obnoxious in fact he was too easy on the right .
he was too willing to try and be the great mender of the divide and it just got spat back in his face constantly .
if you 're talking about in the beltway pundits well they 're anything but representative of the left and get derided constantly by them .
yeah i used to smoke to deal with depression.. did way more harm in the long run than those 2 hours forgetting my issues did .
if you get high to deal with negative emotions it will end up as an addictive behaviour .
thc imbalances dopamine in the long run something that a depressed person is already struggling with .
getting high is great for having fun tho and cbd is what actually helps with depression .
james let watt inside on a sweep that gore didnt follow
now go back to all the people who yelled at you with a copy of that and belike bitch this is my country !
i 'm obsessed with boys noize and always found mr oizo intriguing but never been a big fan of handbreakes .
although i got ta admit this one is amazing !
dammnnnnnnnn if i was n't in philly i 'd ask to cop some 🤷🏻‍♂️
craig smith ryan hartman pulling a wrist shot high and wide ryan hartman craig smith .
one is three times too large the other is 30 too small .
sorry if thats not what u want to hear .
i am a software project manager and agree this is a great industry to be in .
great pay and benefits for the most part fun and challenging work lots of room to grow and build a career and a lot of like minded people who work hard but joke around too .
the client side of things can be stressful though .
but it 's an echo dot the real win would 've been google home
any girl knows that you do n't go to a house for your first date for safety reasons .
and if you were friends beforehand you likely farted around each other already .
that law is a myth meant to try to explain the rule of thumb which is actually a term from old machinists .
i noticed the ripper was gone as well it 's my go-to for octane presets
a co-worker and i were joking about creating pretend boyfriends .
i ended up with a zillion pop-ups of nudity .
which is when the accountant a super-nerdy woman came over with an invoice question .
i tried closing and minimizing the windows and just gave up and turned off the monitor and turned around .
the look on her face was not happy/impressed at all .
i stammered out an answer to her question while my other co-worker cackled madly in the background .
she was never even remotely friendly to me again .
yeah i 've actually rebuilt the project under new names quite a few times now .
so many times that google tells me i 'm near the limit for free cloud projects !
i really do n't want to have to pay for this that 's kinda the point of running with open source .
if i knew it would help me uncover the real issue and fix it for myself i 'd happily pay for a month 's access but i do n't think that 's how it works .
i suspect they simply setup the unique project in google for you but under their account .
the only gun i can see it on which i do n't use is the strife .
other weapons have them but they 're so faint you ca n't see them 👎🏽
was just in store today and an associate confirmed that k.love stuff will be on 50
can only say for android both me and my friend have the galaxy s8
he 'll find a way to take credit for it .
my first single ever with my childhood friend royel !
your post has been removed because it links to an unapproved domain .
while links to other domains are permitted here they do require moderator review .
please read this entire message before you reply and before you contact the moderators about your post .
if you are submitting a completed project that meets the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines and you made the project yourself you may message the moderators to request that your post be manually reviewed .
if you are asking for help with a specific aspect of a diy project and are linking to a website to explain your problem please use the submit a help request https www.reddit.com/r/diy/submit ? selftext=true link instead .
include the link to the website in the text of the post and also include additional context and details so that others may help you more easily .
if you 're asking a question that does n't meet the specific question about an aspect of a diy project '' requirement such as how can i fix the problem shown in this website '' or how can i make the project shown in this website '' such posts generally do not meet the help request requirements in our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines .
consider asking your question in the simple questions r/diy/about/sticky thread at the top of r/diy rather than creating a new post .
remember that all posts are required to meet the posting guidelines .
we encourage you to read the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines for more information .
if you believe your link meets the posting requirements please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy message=please 20review 20my 20non-imgur 20submission 20at 20https www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/9rg0g7/freedom_from_employee_life_by_developing_a .
if you 're trying to post a product/promotion or trying to drive traffic to your website please see reddit 's spam rules here http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f and if you fall into that category please go somewhere else .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
and you believe the alcu is doing these things ?
gosh darn it it was supposed to be mk 52 omega propeller
every skill in the game is pretty bad by that logic .
vantage desperation wrath every brazen skill all the tactics skills all the hone/ward/fortify/goad skills wings of mercy escape route all the breakers i mean the list goes on and on .
i can not wait for idkhow 's full album to drop i 've loved everything they 've put out so far .
yahoo auctions japan is probably the most abundance of them .
i would try to find a place that imports the cars themselves and see if they can possibly get a hold of one .
according to apdo dopa its always low elo players that cone up with new builds that become .
its just that a pro player streamer one trick or high elo player popularize it .
just checking in to make sure you 're still a degenerate .
do n't know what the fuck you are talking about . ''
you can dispute all items on your credit report with the big 3 reporting agencies .
they will issue an inquiry into each dispute you file and fix anything that may have been reported wrong by one of your creditors .
i had this problem once with collections that had been issued to my father who i share the same name with .
it was bringing my score down but since we had the same address and name it was filed on my report .
once they removed the erroneous data my credit score went up significantly .
most importantly pay your debts at least the minimum payment each and every month .
this will ensure your credit score to go up .
i do n't care about advertisements on the side unobtrusive .
but the ones that take up my main screen area and make you click through a few pages to get the recipe screw that .
i dont like being on my phone at the store trying to read the recipe and i 'm bombarded by ads and popovers only to have to click through a few to get to the goods .
i guess you do but that 's how you was raised
all seats in the house of representatives are up for election so you must vote for them as well !
there also may be other statewide elected officials i 'm not too sure i do n't live in nj on the ballot as well !
in fairness if you 're in the position to be hearing it you probably wo n't need to worry about recovering anyway .
you 're probably the first person to ever say that blizzard balance is good let alone god tier .
right ... the reason for that is his pride which was his fatal flaw .
ffs did you even study classical literature in high school ?
because if a touch screen isnt properly calibrated pushing at one set of cordinents will produce data from another .
so in theory if you were being crafty if x was on the left and y on the right you could shift the calibration to basically always click the desired box when clicking the other while leaving enough room for properly clicking the other .
excellent it appears that our glorious water caste 's scheme to provoke these gue'la space marines into conflict with an ork warband has proved fruitful .
let us disappear without a trace before the gue'ron'sha can track us down sweet ethereals is that ork 4 tor'lek tall
cbs broke this story just a few minutes before this was posted .
a bit of sanity and a bit of reasoning and some brain-storming with a peer it does .
do n't stop those conversations it also makes us better doctors .
i can see him easily being charged with attempted murder/manslaughter but with the result being the jury returning a non-guilty verdict because he successfully argues self-defence as you alluded to .
the second i see a horse flying with rockets on it i 'm out .
i have a r3 wan na go whack it behind a dumpster together ?
the climax of that movie was wildly lacking in catharsis .
i think the simple answer here is do n't use them .
it signals to other people that they can use those terms and it 's just not appropriate .
no one is going around stereotyping lyrsa as a butch lesbian here or at least i have n't seen it .
awesome thanks guess i need to make some space on the ssd !
has a history of setting up entrapping mentally retarded men for terrorism
one specific game designer work on weapon balance change and another one on career changes .
that is why miscommunication happens and sometimes the same thing is nerfed twice by weapon and the talent simultaneous nerf .
one of the main purposes for beta is to find and fix all those things .
i 'll take my amazing unpaid 12-week maternity leave and send lo to daycare locally .
i wfh one day a week so hopefully we 'll only need it 4 days/week at first but i know once they 're mobile i wo n't be able to really work and take care of them at the same time .
neither of us can afford to stay home and our families are either not interested or unable to care for a child for us .
magyst is just some dude/dudette who 's relaying information given to them by the dev team
just here to let us know about new stuff and to confirm if certain bugs are being worked on and when to expect them
tax increment financing tif is a public financing model that is used as a subsidy for redevelopment
a tif district essentially reallocates funds from property taxes to
any incremental tax revenues collected as a result of increases
in property values or new development go into a tif fund stadium reserve and can be used by the
municipality for purposes within the tif to promote development or provide capital financing .
of the tif district will require ongoing discussions with mfl and clc as landowner of shannon park .
annual debt servicing costs of a stadium in the range of 170m 190m would respectively be in the range of 9m 10m annually .
a tif model would be a likely revenue source to fund the debt financing of the
tif models do have a risk factor as they related to property values that can be affected by supply
to do a tif model and would require the province to provide amendments to the charter in order to consider
it is likely that the proposal for a stadium would also request a property tax agreement on the stadium .
hrm charter currently does not provide the authority to provide a tax agreement to the private sector and
in the 2018 hrm citizen survey conducted this august and september by pra inc respondents were
asked to rank their top 3 infrastructure projects for the municipality to pursue over the next 5 years .
respondents ranked a new stadium as their top infrastructure priority .
mflp has conducted polling through cra in august of 2018 .
residents support a stadium being built with the financial support of municipal and provincial governments .
the polling also suggests that 63 of hrm residents support a public private partnership to complete a
mflp plans to launch a season ticket campaign in november .
despite the objections and concerns it seems public desire of a stadium is something that is wanted by at least 63 of those who participated in the survey .
63 of halifax residents support stadium being built with the financial support of municipal and provincial governments .
63 of halifax residents support a public-private partnership to complete a larger development that would include the multi-purpose stadium .
40 50 are average ticket prices with one-half 50 of halifax residents definitely or probably attending at least one game of a halifax cfl team .
not sure what to make of the ticket prices yet but i 'm willing to pay that much .
111.8 million in annual gdp towards nova scotia 's gdp
96.8 million of that contributing to hrm 's gdp annually
were did khan destroy his lane like uzi vs sneaky ?
were was khan the only win condition for lz and they won trough that not their bot lane ?
i do n't disagree with you in general but i do feel individuals need to accept more accountability for the situation in which they find themselves .
now let 's leave homelessness out because people who are homeless are so for a myriad of reasons which could be a discussion all on its own .
so when making the decision to live and work in a particular area it 's important to understand the typical pay for your position with your potential emoloyer .
averages and assumptions no longer matter when you are dealing with a real world situation .
you then need to consider and compare the costs associated with that area and not just rent and utilities .
you will pay more for a loaf of bread in nyc than you will in memphis tn .
so everything matters and the little every day purchases as going to make a big difference .
a large city with public transit may be fine if you have no kids or family or plan to but certainly is not a good decision should that change .
however it may be more affordable to commute from a suburb whether in your own vehicle or via public transportation even living alone so that should be considered because the convenience of living in the city comes at a large premium .
so that 's just some basic work any individual needs to do when looking at their financial/work/living situation .
as for the responsibility of employers we must keep in mind employers come in many sizes hence varied financial ability .
what wal-mart can reasonably afford to pay its workforce is quite a far cry from what discount jack 's retail can afford and those two exist in the same world .
so we use minimum wage to find the balance of keeping business running while paying employees a fsir and reasonable wage .
my answer is really that overall employers should only be expected to pay what the minimum wage tells them to and the minimum wage should reflect the big picture of what it takes for a single person to have what they need to survive .
it 's a multi-variable problem but i believe it starts with the minimum wage being a realistic number based on the real cost of living and not assumptions made by politicians special interests or anyone affected that ca n't remove emotion from reason .
it is a piracy site please edit out the site name otherwise i have to remove your comment as well .
ah i must 've missed that bit in the last article it definitely makes more sense .
it definitely makes me curious as to how much an individual 's dilemma might be tied to the choices made by others as well .
if liu bei 's dilemma for instance is whether or not he wants to march out in support of tao qian then does he simply not get a dilemma if cao cao chooses not to attack qian in the first place ?
it would make sense in that particular scenario but i can imagine that in some cases where dilemmas might give you some kind of bonus or diplomatic relationship to help you get started it could be a setback to get locked out of one by someone else .
could make for an interesting starting position diversity actually .
right now the trump team are sitting in an office trying to figure out how they can make this about hillary or obama .
wet shaving is a lot like golf ... it is hard to predict when everything is going to go right and you will shoot the perfect round .
it does n't happen often but the chance to chase that perfect shave is what keeps the hobby so interesting !
probably posted somewhere in here but r/squaredcircle is the place for this to go
oh jeez i 'll adjust that and see what it does .
they did n't mention that one but that 's a good one too .
even if you 're fighting for last point does n't mean you should all be hugging each other so you all get wiped .
you can also roll away in time if you are n't in the middle of an attack .
then this year you would be taking gcse exams without any real preparation .
you need to contact your local council and find out which school you can go to it 'll depend on your home address .
yes the expanse is harder than most tv sci-fi but that 's because pretty much all tv sci-fi is space fantasy or damn near .
over the course of the first two seasons of the expanse which are the only ones i 've seen we 've had
a magic rocket that does constant 1g acceleration for days on end with little or no reaction mass visible and apparently is efficient when operating in this way or militaries would n't use it that way .
this actually flies in the face of rocketry entirely as it will always be more efficient to accelerate quickly coast for much of the trip then decelerate quickly at the end
an asteroid belt that has water shortages despite most of them living in a dwarf planet that has more water in it than any of earth 's oceans and none of it salt water
a martian nation who wants to terraform their world despite already having 10 billion people living on and in the planet and plans to do so over mere centuries .
someone has no conception of how violent terraforming would have to be especially to be done that quickly
a farming society all the way out in ganymede .
why build an agrarian station somewhere that gets less than 4 as much sunlight as earth ?
literally every single rock between the sun and jupiter is a better choice and there are hundreds of thousands of those 2 .
at 8 rems per day on ganymede 's surface all the colonists would get a lethal dose of radiation from jupiter in less than a week 3 .
ganymede 's is similar to luna 's yet people walk around normally and do n't die instantly when later moved into ships that accelerate at 1g 4 .
the colony is small and agrarian and it 's way out on jupiter .
are they shipping wheat back to earth or something ?
speaking of magic there 's magic aliens who break pretty much every law of physics known to man including the really fundamental ones like newton 's third law thermodynamics causality and more .
at that point you might as well have dragons and orcs around .
well you 're right but that 's why it is important to understand that being vegan is not a lifestyle based on status quo luck or just to be skinnier and healthier .
flesh eating was introduced by the jesuits vatican slowly during centuries in mostly all regions around the globe probably an electric plane flat earth yes i know at this point 70 of the persons reading this will still believe the official science but you vegans ... you have more chances to sense and understand that in fact it 's a privilege to be vegan
theres the diamonds of the peak battle ... dont forget that ... and maybe the 300 of the checkin every 10 days
giants need picks to make sure they get a top qb next year .
so if they dint go qb you have to trade down in case you have to trade up next year .
i 've never heard any of quebec 's music i live in ontario though .
i 've only been playing this game for an hour but the credits started rolling already ... is this a glitch ?
i can admit i thought they were imaginary until i was like 30 .
i think for me it might also be that i am so vague and also what i experienced is hard to understand .
there was definitely a time i was so overwhelmed i do n't think i was able to discern when to say things and when not to say things .
lot 's of teaching works in the way of we teach you something simple but wrong so you understand the real thing later easier '' .
every half year the teacher tells you everything you learned up to this point was a lie and he 's now gon na tell you the truth .
i 'm in orleans planted right between niagra and monroe .
we 're really not that far away from just fielding a team entirely of freshmen lol
neutral b could be his elbow gun hold it to charge up the beam .
up b could be using a star to jump/spring off of .
side b could be his geno whirl disc attack .
down b could be geno boost to give him a slight buff .
just an idiotic statement.. there are plenty of exotics in the pool for him to begin selling now many have them already..some of us have zero ... come'on man think before you type..
bmi is a measurement of a person 's size one based on an easy to calculate formula .
it is n't strongly correlated with any specific disease or issues but there is some association .
it is pretty useless as discriminator by itself however .
high bmi does n't immediately mean you are unhealthy and a low bmi does n't immediately mean you are healthy .
there 's a stronger correlation between high bmi and several other issues heart disease diabetes etc but about a third of those with such diseases have a healthy bmi .
for one it does n't speak in any way to the difference in fat vs muscle nor does your weight and your cardiovascular health have a strong causal association .
it is in the words of this harvard health blog article https www.health.harvard.edu/blog/how-useful-is-the-body-mass-index-bmi-201603309339 a useful starting point .
it can be used to signal a need for additional testing just as many other single measurements can be used .
možeš ali su preociti oni koji dođu u gym s namjerom nac frendove i to jest čudno i ta scena je tužna .
ne smiješ ulazit u stvari sa funkcijom nalaska prijatelja jer će ljudit vidjet to i sam ce ih to odbijat tako .
idi kroz život normalno i ponasaj se normalno nesto ce uletit .
transgender rights rally at city hall plaza on sunday at 1pm https www.facebook.com/events/619790831826542
the tick symbol share to save links saving in general .
f2 has pushback so you can probably fish for something if they start mashing or try to do a setup .
also its 6 on hit so thats something that it brings to the table .
although to be honest i dont see myself using that move too often .
its a good move but it gets lost in all of his tools .
your submission was automatically removed because your account is less than 1 day old .
unfortunately we 've had problems with spam from brand new reddit accounts which has caused us to remove posts from reddit accounts that are less than 24 hours old .
if you just made an account and are trying to contribute on the sub please message the mods and we 'll approve your comments/posts asap .
this will stop happening once your account is 1 day old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crochet if you have any questions or concerns .
was in a similar place recently ... tolerated an a\*\*hole because i was alone family not really in my life and friends too busy for me and spending too much time working to find anyone new .
best thing i ever did 1 dumped him 2 got a new job with better hours 3 met a bunch of guys online just to see what 's out there .
you have to be careful with the last one because there are plenty of creeps out there for sure but for me it was a huge confidence booster that helped me develop a fuller social life irl when i was ready to do that .
realizing that you can be free and that there are a ton of guys out there who are attracted to you is a game-changer .
there is a world out there with guys in it who would be happy to make you dinner sometimes or wash the dishes and split living costs 50/50 .
she was mildly assholish for not being more upfront about the asexuality thing at the beginning
she might not have known that about herself though .
she was a young christian not the most self-aware category of humans .
if you want to continue allowing screen time do so after getting home .
rules at my house for my older son is he must be in his room in his bed and he can not turn the light on .
this took awhile and at that age he got out of bed frequently .
there was only 1 so the older one .might be waking up the younger one .
younger one goes to bed 30 mins or so earlier might be sleeping when the older one goes kn the room then the older one will have no one to talk to ?
he sleeps terribly and is still in a crib or with me .
i 'm thinking he spam rolled his way through 3 .
removing any difficulty and now that he ca n't push enemies out of the way by rolling into them and running past them he 's lashing out in anger at the developers because he actually has to fight his way through levels .
to be fair they 're very similar to braindead zombies .
people are allowed to be critical of his play in the present .
i do n't know why that seems so hard for some people to understand that just because you 're critical of someone 's play it does n't mean you hate them or have n't appreciated what they 've done in the past
yeah there are too many people in this subreddit that ca n't have civil conversations because they ca n't hear any criticism on their baby .
sebastian stan as a luke skywalker post 6 pre 7
yeah i think you are probably right about totalitarianism being a central risk in a communist system .
if it 's not completely built in it is at least very likely to happen .
sorry your submission has been removed because it did not contain a matching flair tag in the title .
please feel free to pm the mods if you have any questions we 're here to help !
if you have questions send us a mod mail !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asianbeauty if you have any questions or concerns .
read a book by leonard suskind lawrence krauss stephen hawking or any other scientist who has considered the origin of the big bang .
nobody supports creation ex nihilo except to say that if it happened we ca n't begin to understand it .
a god does n't automatically become possible when other magical impossibilities are considered .
you 'll also notice that pretty much any scientist who does delve into the origins of the big bang and fully understands the scientific implications tends to be an atheist .
maybe autonomous machine gun nests every 125 yards or so .
one side of me is like nooo dont leave the other is like go take you pay mate and j barrett will hopefully take over .
i did n't expect it to be so one sided .
personally i want to see a match like qf kt vs ig or rox vs skt 2016 semis .
i do n't care who will win as long as we get a very competetive series .
i have n't seen any fix for this so i 'm posting what i did .
now install tsum tsum and line then log in and it will run properly .
this is the first time i could log in since my original problem about 2 weeks ago .
they got 2 kills and backed off to reset back to lanes like go do dragon then reset .
herald is already off the map its the only objective and youre stronger !
if i did med pass like i did when i was a student my shifts would be never ending med passes .
was it nessecary to shot im that many times though ?
most paintings attributed to masters were created by a big working studio of assistants .
but yeah it 's just jokes about market games trivializing things to feel smug ... it really adds nothing
that 's only something isps impose in their terms i think .
i was referring to the railcard why do the grads at your company on £30k need a discount while a 31 year old on say £21k does n't ?
for the minimum wage question i 'm still kind of trying to digest that
meh sorry i do n't swap flairs to fit the best chance with the team i am rooting '' for .
they were part of black friday last year.ended up getting this brand new off ebay for 80
aaahhh the wheels on ta bas co round and round
funnily enough they added the nsfw option for channels xd
so you are agreeing with u/the_na_deft that kt actually got the worst possible draw ?
dragon/herald control has been important for ages but they just seem to act like they do n't fucking exist .
jankos himself died multiple times because he was holding his ult shit his fucking teammates died because he was holding his ult .
game turning fight in midland and rookie lives because jankos ca n't fucking press r when it 's up .
those 35 's are great and all have them too but they will not get under the 200 mark .
is those 25 's are brand new but still second-hand get those instead .
but if you really want those 35 's you can maybe look somewhere else or get the also second-hand .
aib is not very profitable nor is it anywhere close to paying off the debts incurred in buying it out .
rookie and theshy smashed both eu teams ' solo laners .
it 's time for licorice and jensen to step up lol .
i feel my anxiety is mild compared to a lot of people but it 's pretty bad compared to what i consider average socially adept people .
my girlfriend has family that are mennonite and so i feel even more awkward because i feel i have nothing in common with them .
and after 5 years am actually almost as comfortable around them as i am my own parents .
i think the best thing for me is trying to have a positive outlook .
try to convince yourself that you really are interested in others .
or generic statements like wow it 's getting cold outside. are great ice breakers .
i find the more conversations i 'm involved in the more comfortable i get .
it 's always those initial jitters and breaking into a conversation that are the hardest for me .
so i sit there quietly on an unfamiliar couch trying not to make eye contact with anyone .
once i actually just do it it 's fine .
idk if that 's helpful but good luck and just be yourself .
in tcg you can buy singles which is way cheapter than buying packs in duel links
lol reddit be like 'when are you going to nerf jayce ? ''
the good guy '' lead who just makes awful decisions and you 're supposed to not question how awful their character is .
however with oth it took me three rewatches to get annoyed with lucas .
archie 's writers managed to make me hate him on a first watch one season in .
archie 's biggest issue with me is that he 's naive to the point of tears .
sib rdr2 or continue fallout 4 where i just recently discovered mods ?
is it worth to spend 70€ for rdr2 or should i mod fallout til it does n't run anymore ?
instead of just saying sorry you should edit your comment to say that you 're on the dev team and make that explicit every time going forward too .
also i suspect there are way more 1v1 fights where op lost .
not his fault though ... . vanilla druid is the worst pvp class by far .
in an even fight with equal skill and gear druid should never win the fight except another druid .
best outcome for a druid is to run away successfully when skill/gear is even or better .
i once posted for broken things in pokemon go and my post got negativity it got wrath of pokemon go players and was ultimately removed .
so point is pokemon is simple so that grannies can play it..but i doubt do grannies like things so simple.. ?
maybe you have a problem with people more than genders ?
i know you 're eager to post it and absorb the predictive fame but not just yet !
however i am not sure vs c9 eu teams tends to troll vs na
maybe she will meet with president booker or harris in 2020 when they announce sanctions via the magnitsky global act after they take back a supermajority in the senate .
i m thinking starting taa in a 4 defence system and if he doesnt play it will auto sub my best bench player since i will at least have 3 defenders .
no they wo n't given they are using the same pattern for both sbc sets so far and none of the elite ones have even come out yet
it has one less button profile switch button behind the scroll wheel .
the sensor is n't quite as good but wo n't make any real difference for the majority of people .
sivir is a great pick into kaisa not only for laning but also for teamfighting if you know how to use it .
i might be wrong but i think g2 won that ban pick phase on game 3 .
i love how much thought you 've put into this !
i think it 's a good plan and i do n't blame you on the sweets i do something similar !
but we were n't talking about the difference between bears nor the difference between guns .
we were talking about the difference between bear spray and guns .
my little gc conure sleeps like that in my hand every evening if i 'm messing around on reddit or watching tv .
he goes from bratty little monster to sleepy little precious in about five seconds .
this post archive.org https web.archive.org/20181027102954/http www.reddit.com/r/cringeanarchy/comments/9rrepw/celebrity_npcs_are_the_most_powerful_and/e8jhly0 megalodon.jp http megalodon.jp/pc/get_simple/decide ? url=http www.reddit.com/r/cringeanarchy/comments/9rrepw/celebrity_npcs_are_the_most_powerful_and/e8jhly0 could not auto-archive click to resubmit it !
it would indeed feel nicer for you to hold my head on your cock as you came
life really is too short for a sex life that bad .
out of combat there is an animated corpse in the room but he 's completely benign and wo n't fight back if they try and ‘kill ' him .
his soul is bound to the diamond and his body is only animated when there are visitors and he 's totally on board with these people destroying the tower that he never wanted to build in the first place
had the same issue i deleted it and rebooted my phone
i enjoyed his love actually character too and nobody could be a better snape .
he was born for the role like richard harris is dumbledore ian mckellen is gandalf and christopher lee was saruman ... but for me i fell in love with him as the sheriff of nottingham in robin hood prince of thieves .
completely hooked to the point that 7 year old me wanted him to win and kevin costner to get killed !
the re-verification wave could have stem from the circumstance that the mudfish lost ark item does n't work or did n't dunno the current state of this issue and many logged into their accounts this way .
i am very lucky to not having to re-verify but i hope mudfish gets their stuff done .
as a streamer i need the mudfish item no way to use full vpn .
were n't there some local travel companies advertising themselves with kcd shortly after release ?
as of this semi-finals no-one now has a perfect pick'ems
thanks m8 i specifically made it to fit a 16:9 monitor
the brisbane gliddon 's have put up a good fight tonight
i purchased some clove oil to have on hand just in case .
he seems to have perked up a bit with the clean water and paraguard and is eating .
i 'm going to give him another day to see if he continues to improve or if he starts to deteriorate .
i do n't want the poor boy to suffer any more than he already has .
bet you had sweat coming out your ass after that play .
ever since updating chrome about a couple of months ago i see myself struggling to use some websites .
for example i tried ordering pizza from domino 's the other day and when i clicked order '' the order just kept loading so naturally i thought it did not order as i could not check my orders either it just kept loading .
i finally gave up and suddenly heard my bell ring .
here the pizza-guy came with 6 pizzas that were meant to be two .
the domino 's example was just that an example i find myself having issues with a lot of sites and in order to use said sites i need to use firefox or edge yes actually edge .
i am just baffled how this is not mentioned anywhere else as this does not only happen on my computer tried on multiple computers on normal and incognito mode .
edit ignore this this was not the fault of chrome but rather ublock origin .
🎃🎃🎃 calling all scary party people 🎃🎃🎃 it 's time to get in the ghostly mood with dvc 's most paranormal event of the year
we 're gon na be throwin down those goosebumpin'🔥🔥 bangers on thursday from 7 to 11 the loft !
featuring undead djs ndru infinite beats argon and batik boy 🔪🔪🔪
i 'm not sure what i 'm supposed to be searching for on google so i figured reddit might have the answer .
a relative who owns a beach resort wants to know if there 's technology that records whether or not night shift guards are opening and closing doors to monitor positions they are asked to monitor .
it probably exists but i do n't know what i should be searching for .
i hope they get rid of all these geb courses .
its all crumble but it 'll do just fine and i got a free pookie .
freud says men are naturally attracted to their mothers but my mom is very ugly and i 'm attracted to hot babes .
i 've been sort of fixated on the idea of body swapping as a concept as of late .
i do n't know what it is but something about the idea of spending some time in a life and body that is n't my own seems so entertaining .
i like to think about what kind of things might change in our world if body swapping technology was introduced into certain aspects .
imagine school classes based around swapping students bodies and teaching them about living as other people .
pregnant mothers might swap bodies with surrogates or their husbands to share the burden of pregnancy .
obviously escort service would offer the chance to not sleep with men and women but experience life as them too .
resorts centered on a vacation from your own body and life .
i 'd love to discuss and even rp if the prompt is right some of these things that might happen if body swapping was invented .
or we can even just talk about what we 'd be doing if we swapped bodies for a week .
if this peaks your interest please let me know !
so its tuesday night and i had a long day at work and i want to have some fun but all of my toys are big boys and require prep .
i currently have a m nova dexter bumble and a l ika and chance .
what toys would you guys recommend for someone that just wants to slip it all in there without too much prep
i 'm just starting out on my first world djara for story writing essentially it 's post cataclysmic earth with the introduction of some fantasy elements .
i 've worked around the event itself the end of the world as we know it and the age of upheaval .
this is essentially the stormy period before the earth settles back into equilibrium .
looking for some podcasts to listen to similar to mfm between episodes .
unknown links are censored to prevent spreading illicit content .
i got a pair of jabra elite 65t 's bluetooth 5.0 and a huawei mate 10 pro bluetooth 4.2 .
there is a bit of delay in realtime audio games and videos/apps that do not artificially compensate for lag .
even though it is the best i could find for truly wireless '' earphones the least amount of lag among all buying options .
will switching to a bluetooth 5.0 phone note 9 gs9 mate 20 pro etc while using the same earphones make delay/lag shorter ?
btw i am not really focusing on the improved distance or connection stability of bt 5.0 i just want faster response audio for gaming etc while using the bt earphones .
china is leading the world in saving the evironment ! ''
i was put on a 30 day performance improvement plan about 3 weeks ago and based on my last conversation with my supervisor it sounds like i will be fired .
i 've been doing interviews and applying to jobs .
if i do are they still legally able to fire me ?
i 'm concerned about future employers contacting them and asking about my employment status .
would they say i resigned or i was technically terminated because i was still under the pip when resignation letter was given ?
it says chanpion '' like champion and i am guessing that it is an arcade coin from japan but i was wondering if each arcade has their own unique coin or is there a generic coin made for those arcades ?
i want to see if i can track down where exactly it came from !
idk what the fuck is going on can someone help ?
do i need to worry how do i stop it ?
caught it at disneyland and as soon as i caught it i evolved it and then maxed it out i was screaming with joy when i saw that sparkle lol over 1000 encounters and now i can rest and hunt for other shinys .
i just wanted drifloon and witch hat pikachu shiny and i got them
i am in my early/mid 30 's and for the last five years especially i have had a major urge for children i know i would make a freaking amazing dad and i want to be a part of that .
it 's just me and my brother neither of us have kids and it could be my human nature wanting to spread the seed '' but it goes beyond that .
the real problem is that i am such a free loving guy i am all about adventures travel working out and my own personal space which i find to be a major part of my life .
so the idea of marriage itself does n't necessarily appeal to me .
i mean if i find that dream woman then let it be but thus far the concept of children far outweighs the concept of marriage but it 'd difficult to have one without the other especially if you want a stable environment .
i want a girl that has a bigger urge to love her future children than to love me but in saying that if it works out it works out .
hi there recently acquired a norbaforce kit here on mechmarket love it !
and am looking to get the alternative control and caps locks keys so that i can switch the layout back to where the control is in the same location as my hhkb .
i believe the two keys that i am looking for are
not sure what a fair price would be but figured there may be some users out there using the default layout that could make some cash on unused keys .
not sure if anyone has posted this i 've only just thought of it myself .
but nell is seeing her future suicide/ghost murder when she sees the bent neck lady throughout her life .
and she consistently sees her inside and outside of hill house until she meets arthur .
sad theory of mine is that she stopped seeing the bent neck lady with arthur because that stopped being her future for the time she was with him .
he made her so happy and healed her so much with his love that while he was in her life it was no longer in her future to commit suicide/be ghost murdered .
but once arthur dies the bent neck lady immediately comes back because her one tie to healing and being loved is gone and her fate is once again sealed to become the bent neck lady .
would like to play out as a young male prostitute or a customer .
you 'd be my partner in situation set up by a customer that either wants to fuck us both or watch us fuck each other .
the exotic menu being able to watch scenarios go down like a blindfolded son fucking his mother with out him knowing .
we have twins that will spend a night with you or loving each other .
a poplular show is watching a girl having her virginity taken by a dog or other animal .
one of the most popular events is taking a couple and tying one down while you fuck the other as thier soulmate watches .
you could play out a customer or a whore at this brothel .
would prefer you play another prostitute but if you have a interesting request will see if we can help furfull it .
these are some ideas of the things that are brothel offers .
kinks cucking rape public sex forcing femininity on men putting prices on sexual acts .
if this gives you any ideas pm what your character looks like and will get started .
the game being stuck at 435983734388 hours or whatever .
now to wait till thursday see you all there ! ! ! !
so i 've been playing eso for a year now and wan na make a new toon.. currently have 5 and all of them are nightblades..
i mainly play pve as dps and wan na expand my horizons to other classes and skill set .
idk if i wan na do tank or heals but i just love killing lol .
maybe i 'll go for another dps build but not nkghtblade .
so i sold this guy that i do not know bitcoin today and my transaction was confirmed but i do n't think he ever received the bitcoin here is the blocktrail https www.blocktrail.com/btc/address/17hvr2usw3izcm4u71qgggt8tb72fl9no7 https www.blocktrail.com/btc/address/17hvr2usw3izcm4u71qgggt8tb72fl9no7 im such a noob at this plz help this is my net worth
looking at the entire ten series of 10 shoes the cheap air jordans https www.cheapjordansale.com 1 is currently the hottest and most expensive shoe on the market .
i want to buy the classic color matching air jordan 1 at the original price of 190 us dollars .
the current speculation price has even increased 10 times to nt 60,000 .
that 's why the virgil abolh x air jordan 1 white version immediately caused turmoil in the fall/winter 2018 fall-white fashion show .
nowadays under the knockout of fashion people the limited edition shoes that were sold in europe in 3 weeks ago finally arrived .
under the efforts of ximen trends store the japanese fashion shoes lovers finally have the opportunity to see their charms .
the number of introductions to the house is still extremely rare about 20 pairs but it is said that the size is very complete .
however as mentioned above since it is a purchase the price is of course a little different from the original price of 160 pounds .
if the pocket is not deep enough it is very difficult to start .
therefore the apple '' supplement is specially transferred to the two generations of virgil abolh x air jordan 1 let you will enjoy all the details at once even if you ca n't buy it you should check out these 60,000 pieces of god shoes !
cheap jordans sale online store www.ebuyjordans.com https www.ebuyjordans.com recently introduced virgil abolh x air jordan 1 shoes to taiwan which gives tide shoes enthusiasts a chance to see its charm .
the price in the store is nt 62,800 left and 50,000 .
dawn rise has introduced a number of popular fashion brands from japan and europe and often updates the limit items at the fastest speed .
many toes look at the joint shoe price difference of up to 10 times and regard the sale of shoes as a high-paying investment .
virgil abolh x air jordan 1 has appeared on well-known online trading platforms many times and the price is very amazing .
intercepted from domestic and foreign designer brand trading exchange area associations shoes trading .
looking at the entire ten series of 10 cheap jordans shoes the air jordan 1 is currently the hottest and most expensive shoe on the market .
virgil abolh is based on the classic chicago bulls color scheme and has redesigned the swoosh logo with a special deconstruction technique .
as an off-white iconic tag tag even nba stars are playing on the court so do n't cut !
the white version of virgil abolh x air jordan 1 caused a commotion in the 2018 fall/winter off-white fashion show .
the overall body of cheap jordans http www.jordansalecheap.com is made of leather suede and mesh .
the 85 on the inside of the jordan shoes sale is also one of the highlights .
cheap jordans for sale https preview.redd.it/62qxas3e0gv11.jpg ? width=333 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=81572ded032db4703d84e1ce8c8f52edaae781d1
sky blue and fluorescent orange embroidery line the finishing touch for the whole pair of white shoes .
the black-and-white printing on white is clearer once again proclaiming the legendary history of air jordan 1 to the world .
the new light blue tag strap makes the overall design more fresh and enhances the collocation .
the partnership between jordan and levis will be officially released on january 17 .
the product includes a pair of denim-faced air jordan 4 and a double-faced denim jacket embroidered with flight '' .
cheap retro air jordans http www.retrojordanscheap.com 4 is the fourth pair of genuine basketball shoes of the nike jordan series .
it was born in 1988 and is a very classic one in the air jordan series .
the co-branded shoes are mainly made of denim and the tongues are on the label .
there are the english abbreviations air jordan '' and lv '' of jordan and levis in order to express the joint name .
the sole also has the wholesale jordans sale http www.hellojordans.com jumping character '' logo .
the denim jacket is divided into two sides the huge flight '' letters on the back of the indigo-dyed denim the fabric on the arm is supplemented by red and the back of the black denim is familiar with jordan 's jumping '' logo and flight '' letters .
i am a total newbie and have no idea what level to change jobs and where to level up as there since to be no quests at all .
what level do i change job as a hunter and where do i go to level up ?
if grinding where to grind for 1-10 and 10-20 ?
if more than 2 enemies jump me at any point i 'm dead .
any pointers on how not to be the suckiest gun in the west ?
these were pulled from a working pc last week .
put in a ssd and get pc case and you 'll have a great pc .
hey guys and gals i 've been searching through here without luck looking for a specific video .
i 'll try my best to explain what i remember from it even though my memory is a bit fuzzy about it .
i 'm pretty sure the video is in a black white format animated short film .
a guy who is in a confusing place trying to stop a bunch of small guys going into this.. black hole and he covers it with his body .
later on he himself finds himself to be amongst a bunch of other creatures running towards this black hole thinking he will find something he lost inside of it only to find out this whole video is an endless cycle of which he is a part of only realizing this too late to stop it every time .
here for those of you who 're curious https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vspbmmdvgrg https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vspbmmdvgrg
i know umbra comes with skiajati built complete with umbral mod polarities but is that sword the best melee option for excalibur/umbra ?
my girlfriend and i just started this store for products she hand-makes with her mom .
can you guys give us a few suggestions and/or maybe review our site ?
when i look back at my current manuscript i have a hard time putting anything in it without the constant scares .
i want to be on point in the plot and not detour around the plot .
my science fiction horror manuscript is 87k words so i know i can write that much .
but with this manuscript i 'm having a tough time .
usually i would get excited about putting into the scene and torturing the main character a bit .
see the reason why i 'm asking i currently got rejection letters .
i mimic successful query letters yet it 's failing to even have the lit agent read the manuscript .
well it feels like the query letter is failing to get their attention .
it almost feels like they scan the query with one second glance then say nope . ''
one thing i do n't want to do with the manuscript is fill it with a lot of padding that would not be on point with the plot .
should i at least try to squeeze another 3k word count in ?
but i want every part of the novel to make the reader cringe and hold on to their seats .
i do n't want banter or any non-nonsensical elements within the novel .
so what are some of you awesome people 's suggestions ?
there was a nice analogy of a novel should be a good length of a skirt .
i 'll have to look at where i saw it on reddit .
i have a base dart se and want to put a nice leather steering wheel cover on .
what do you want fixed in the game and why is it afk/leech detection ?
what do you want changed in the game and why is it the removal of trading ?
what do you want added to the game and why is it a hero that is n't reskinned jonesy ?
with the upcoming release of classic wow i truly wanted to get back into the game for some good ol ' pvp experiences .
however i am starting a family and have more and more demands from my personal life .
just remembering how difficult and time consuming it was to get pre-raid gear took me months when vanilla was out and by the time i finished bc was released discourages me from playing it .
i would play retail but i have n't been impressed with it since mop and even that was a stretch .
other pvp centric games that i 've tried just have n't itched that scratch or had other problems .
smite while an excellent game is too repetitive with gods and goddesses and it holds a sour place in my heart due to not having any of my friends on anymore .
other mmorpg 's just have n't been the same either .
tried titanfall 2 and it 's just too twitchy of a game for me .
not really a fan of other mainstream shooters looking at you call of duty and battlefield .
the closest game that i played that had the same balance of slow vs. fast gameplay was gigantic and that game was closed six months ago which is a damn fucking shame because the game was brilliant .
lol and dota2 are great and all but the communities are toxic as fuck .
basically i 'm looking for any pvp game free paid for or subscription that just offers a vanilla wow experience .
does n't matter what genre or type anything but rts please i 'm looking for something where i can get on board with a good community and play with others in team based pvp that will last me a long time .
edit no siege or fortnite not a huge fan although i did try them .
edit 2 what i mean is no time demands in terms of spending hours gearing up for pvp like in wow .
warhammer age of reckoning had the perfect amount of grind vs. pvp stability simultaneously gigantic was plug-and-play but had huge amounts of depth and was difficult to master .
i think it would be good for me to make website .
i 've been looking for places to do so even found on google but not sure how to edit that one .
bytom dev competition丨bluechain is a distributed system for industrial waste and resource management .
it is built to digitize and optimize the environmental resource market .
it 'll be a drama about holly all grown up and learning about all the things her dad did and how she copes with the depression of being the daughter of a dead drug kingpin .
she starts using drugs and abusing pills and then she starts following in his footsteps and becomes a cocaine mule for a big time cocaine kingpin .
then she kills the guy when he threatens her family and she takes over as the kingpin .
i 'm a current cp at wdw and i 'm going to dlr on a solo trip this weekend last time i went to dlr was in 2008 so i 'm really excited to go !
i just had a few questions how do i get into the park ?
do i use my self admission pass that i use here at wdw ?
or do i have to go to gr and get single day tickets ?
is there a company d or any other store that sells cm merch on property or close by ?
are there any places to eat in the park that gives cm discounts ?
if you have requests that you would like your brothers and sisters on r/reformed to pray for post them here .
i just want to focus on school and forget about this .
one of the first times i ever got drunk i just confessed to this guy who i 'm supposed to not like.. that i am basically in love with him .
i do n't know why i feel so strongly towards him .
we have gotten into heated discussions and have different views but i 'm super attracted and just i do n't know .
how could of i have said that i love him and all this mumbo jumbo .
i just played it off that i was messing with them and i really was n't serious .
now i just do n't even want to show my face in front of my friends .
tldr i confessed to a guy that i do n't get along with that i basically love him and a few people remembered and brought it up .
now i do n't know what to do and am too embarrassed to face any of them .
download best happy diwali greetings video clips and whatsapp status https happy-diwali-images-wishes-2018.blogspot.com/2018/10/happy-diwali-greetings-video-clips-free.html free and send it to your loving people with your good and best wishes .
if you are looking for the same then please visit our blog post .
i have started using an xbox one controller on my pc to play the game so i can slouch in the living room while playing and one function i can not find is the ability to see what the enemy can see which is mapped to the shift key by default .
i would have thought it would be one of the d-pad buttons perhaps instead of splitscreen '' ?
do i have to map it myself or is it not possible at all ?
what features does it have to make it stand out from the crowd ?
i currently use todoist but i was considering maybe trying something new .
i looked for a list where only software is listed which is free/open source and selfhostable .
for examples it would contain elasticsearch and kibana but not x-pack .
it would contain the redis core but not the relicensed modules for it .
docker-ce and gitlab-ce would be on it but not gitlab-ee and certainly not github but git of course d
the reason is not that i do not want to give back but when i want to learn and use tools i want to be sure that i can use them at home and on enterprise stuff .
software which is not free has often either some hurdles for private use or for use in the enterprise i am still not sure if gitlab-ce and docker-ce can always be used in any enterprise context for example but other people said so.. .
i saw lists of devops tools but they do not differentiate between real free/opensource software and not-so-really-opensource-software .
it 's okay when other people do other software this is not an attack but i would like to have a devopstool list which either can show if software and the usual components are really free or an free-only-list .
i am pretty sure this is n't a thing as i read my maintenance schedule but my dealer sent a 3 month service reminder on my 18 1500 .
is there something i 'm missing or is it as i suspect and the dealer is just trying to drum up more business .
i intended on doing the first oil change per the manual which is when the oil indicator tells me to .
right now i 'm on the verge of a temporary transitional housing situation .
i 'm likely going to be out of my place by sunday if not sooner .
due to a misunderstanding with u-haul my bank account balance has been depeleted .
i have recently started up up a new job first day was yesterday however i 'm not going to receive my first check until the 9th .
this request is to hold me over until then so that i can cover my gas and minor living costs .
while i do n't have any stubs i can provide proof of employment .
hi i just moved into a new apartment and previous owner left a beddinge lovas sofabed serving as a couch in the living room .
out of curiosity i tried to switch it to bed position which it did fine but then i lifted the seat part back up to switch it back into sofa position and it wont lock .
the only thing i can do is simultaneously lift the seat and the backrest part which in some way locks and then move it to sofa position but the backrest part wont stay locked .
i can still push the backrest easily into about 45 degree position and then it stops .
i admit this position can be comfortable too but i would still prefer if it locked into the original position .
you can still move it to the almost 90 degrees and sit on it which serves as a weight to prevent the backrest from moving but it still feels like i broke it or something .
tl dr ikea beddinge lovas wont lock back from bed into straight up sofa position instead the backrest moves to 45 degrees angle cant make it straight up again .
this is my first time experiencing it i had a great game going with some really weird stuff that i managed to fight off like losing england ireland to a prince in the holy roman empire who was beating me on one end while a jihad is crushing me in anatolia .
i have exactly 10k available soldiers 20k vassal units .
my retinue just disappeared in the last war while on a boat i did n't delete it but i was n't bankrupt either idk what happened here .
at most i will have 40k units to bring to bear there 's 250k troops in england with another 200k in spain .
if i allied every person in the game i would have 1/10th of these units .
this is insanely stupid and anti-fun i would save scum but it 's ironman .
i would really prefer a final boss but this is actually stupid .
i wo n't be playing for achievements ironman when there 's a chance your going to get attacked by an unbeatable force .
edit i forgot to mention my disappearing retinue could have made the difference it was 10k knights that were my hammer of god .
i can maybe recruit some of the holy orders but i saw some advice saying kill whoever is recruiting them ... the aztecs have conquered half of england already i do n't have time for that lol
at level 53 i 've heard dire mail east is decent exp however you can only do 5 runs per hour .
i tested it last night and was done pretty quickly and ended up having to wait around for ages .
is dire maul what i should be doing until i get high enough to start farming dire mail north ?
or should i be going to plaguelands to aoe grind ?
i keep getting hit for 80-150 randomly when there 's no attack there .
the screen keeps abruptly changing perspective and moving hypnos to another part of the stage .
i 'm guessing that hypnos 's attack with three orange circles around him is meant to pull you into them ?
if i have it on pc friend a has it on switch and friend b has it on ipad can we all play in one game ?
obviously there 's the issue of the pc one having more content and a full expansion that the other versions do n't so that would have to be turned off but other than that i ca n't think of any reason why they could n't play nice together ?
stars sea of stars rank 8 fc we have buffs fc housing airships and all the other good stuff we are a small casual helpful fc who are looking for players new/old .
throw me a message ingame riotz lionheart or here and i will get back to you asap thanks d 3
the merprotect https www.quicksilverscientific.com/merprotect ™ protocol is designed to support the body in detoxifying and eliminating mercury and other metals released during removal of silver dental amalgams .
dental amalgam is a mixture of 50 elemental mercury along with a powdered alloy of silv .
i know about the unfinished obelisc at aswan and as it is useful to our understandings about how those were built i wondered if there were some other examples of egyptian greek or roman temples or monuments that they left unfinished mid-work since all the courses about those civilizations that i took part in just explain the importance of built temples or houses .
top 10 pcd pharma franchise companies in telangana – looking for the list of top and best pharmaceutical companies in telangana ?
top pharma franchise pcd companies in chandigarh baddi india the karimnagar adilabad hyderabad rangareddy nalgonda nizamabad warangal mahbubnagar medak khammam districts in region in telangana has scope for some of the best and reputed pharmaceutical company in whole telangana and india .
pcd business follows genuine schemes which have helped the masses across the nation to build their own business .
all you need is an eye to choose the best pcd company for business in telangana .
in this post we have discussed the top 10 pcd pharma company offering pcd franchise in telangana .
there are many famous pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributing company in telangana with whom you can connect yourself .
the pharmaceutical companies like etc are which you can choose for your investment .
connecting with pharma company and choosing the best pharmaceutical industry can be challenging for anyone .
just to make it easy for you here we have a complete list of top pcd pharma franchise in telangana which you can choose and invest your money .
hauz pharma pvt ltd top pcd pharma franchise company in telangana
hauz pharma pvt ltd is an panchkula based pharmaceutical company which is having more than 250 products manufactured from iso gmp certified plants .
it is one of the best pcd pharma franchise company in telangana and has the business running all over the india with perfect services and the full range of promotional material provided to parties .
so hauz pharma pvt ltd is one of the best options for pcd pharma franchise in telangana and other top cities in india .
the company is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag domestic pharma companies in india india top 10 medicine company biggest pharmaceutical companies in india
pcd pharma company a pharma marketing company with a group turnover of crores forging ahead in state .
pcd pharma company organisation has metamorphosed to one of the fastest growing companies in telangana .
within a short span of time company has spread from one state in chandigarh to all .
starting with mere few brands today pcd pharma company markets 200 fast moving brands practically covering all segments of medicine including anti-biotics anti-oxidants cardiovasculars anti-diabetics cough syrups multi vitamins and analgesics .
pcd pharma company is also famous for pharma mnc in india pcd companies in bangalore list of top pharmaceutical companies in india pharmaceutical manufacturing companies india top 50 pharma companies in india pharmacy company in india .
pcd pharma company is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag pharma mnc in india pcd companies in bangalore list of top pharmaceutical companies in india
medivaxia pharma is chandigarh based pharmaceutical company it manufactures more than 200 pharmaceutical formulations which are dgci approved .
our company uses its trained resources to identify new molecules and develop a strong pipeline of new and innovative formulations .
medivaxia pharma is looking for monopoly franchise in telangana .
medivaxia pharma success is the result of focusing on our clients ' top priorities such as quality products on-time delivery competitive rates and unmatched service .
over the years medivaxia pharma have been awarded and recognized for our endeavor to manufacture premium quality products and providing it at very affordable price to the larger section of the community .
medivaxia pharma believe that healthcare is not a privilege but a right of every citizen .
thus medivaxia pharma are taking giant steps in making good quality products .
medivaxia pharma is also famous for largest pharmaceutical companies pharma franchise world top 3 pharma companies in india best pcd companies in india toll manufacturing pharmaceuticals pharmaceutical mnc companies in india .
medivaxia pharma is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag largest pharmaceutical companies pharma franchise world top 3 pharma companies in india
angiolife healthcare a pharma marketing company with a group turnover of crores forging ahead in state .
angiolife healthcare organisation has metamorphosed to one of the fastest growing companies in telangana .
within a short span of time company has spread from one state in chandigarh to all .
starting with mere few brands today angiolife healthcare markets 200 fast moving brands practically covering all segments of medicine including anti-biotics anti-oxidants cardiovasculars anti-diabetics cough syrups multi vitamins and analgesics .
angiolife healthcare is also famous for pharmaceutical drug manufacturers top 5 pharma companies in india gmp production facility top 10 pharma industries in india top mnc pharma companies in india gmp production facility .
angiolife healthcare is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag pharmaceutical drug manufacturers top 5 pharma companies in india gmp production facility
edmund healthcare pvt ltd is a rapidly growing pcd pharma franchise company in telangana .
with a worthy experience edmund healthcare pvt ltd is dealing with a multidimensional range of medicines and healthcare products in telangana .
the company is having its head office in chandigarh .
having a dedicated team of professionals with it assisting in its work for last few years which is responsible to stringently monitor complete ongoing business at each and every stage from the sourcing of products till the final dispatch at the client 's ends .
edmund healthcare pvt ltd is committed to providing the highest quality healthcare products in telangana and quality packaging of our products standard services consistently which satisfies our regular customers .
edmund healthcare pvt ltd is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag pharmaceutical business in india list of medicine company in india pharmaceutical companies websites
lifepure labs is an emerging global pharmaceutical franchise company with the capabilities in the areas of product research manufacturing marketing .
not only this but this company is having associated iso certified pharma manufacturing units which adds to your trust .
below listed are some of the other features of this company .
it is one of the best pharmaceutical companies in telangana .
lifepure labs make the best and high quality products and also delivers timely to their potential customers .
lifepure labs is one the best research-oriented company that comes up with new and beneficial products .
tag top 20 medicine company in india pharmaceutical companies in north india various pharmaceutical companies
voizmed pharma is an emerging global pharmaceutical franchise company with the capabilities in the areas of product research manufacturing marketing .
not only this but this company is having associated iso certified pharma manufacturing units which adds to your trust .
below listed are some of the other features of this company .
it is one of the best pharmaceutical companies in telangana .
voizmed pharma make the best and high quality products and also delivers timely to their potential customers .
voizmed pharma is one the best research-oriented company that comes up with new and beneficial products .
tag good manufacturing process latest pharma news list of indian pharmaceutical companies in india
zenacts pharma top monopoly pharma pcd franchise company in telangana
zenacts pharma is chandigarh based pharmaceutical company which deals in pharma manufacturing and pcd franchise business .
it is one of the rapidly growing pharmaceutical formulations manufacturing marketing and export oriented company .
manufacturing and marketing of quality pharmaceutical formulations affordable to the indian masses and having global quality is our motto it .
so zenacts pharma is top pcd pharma franchise company in telangana .
the company is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag pharmaceutical companies in europe pharmaceutical contract manufacturing agreement european pharmaceutical companies directory
orville biotek a pharma marketing company with a group turnover of crores forging ahead in state .
orville biotek organisation has metamorphosed to one of the fastest growing companies in telangana .
within a short span of time company has spread from one state in yamuna nagar to all .
starting with mere few brands today orville biotek markets 200 fast moving brands practically covering all segments of medicine including anti-biotics anti-oxidants cardiovasculars anti-diabetics cough syrups multi vitamins and analgesics .
orville biotek is also famous for pcd pharma companies pharma companies in south india list of pharmaceutical companies in india with address pharma franchise manufacturer pharma news today india cgmp process .
orville biotek is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag pcd pharma companies pharma companies in south india list of pharmaceutical companies in india with address
vasolife healthcare is one of the top leading pcd pharma franchise companies in telangana india .
vasolife healthcare is giving an extensive variety of pcd pharmaceutical products to healthcare industry at most affordable cost .
vasolife healthcare is marketing more than 1200 brands for different human medical requirements .
vasolife healthcare is a who-gmp certified pcd pharma marketing company .
the company is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag pharma products manufacturers in india pcd pharma franchisee pcd pharma companies
xanocia lifesciences is a chandigarh based pharmaceutical company established with the vision of making world class affordable medicines .
xanocia lifesciences is a research driven forward looking pharmaceutical company with expertise in development of various finished dosage .
since its inception xanocia lifesciences has been focused to manufacture an extensive spectrum of pharmaceutical formulation products .
xanocia lifesciences is also famous for good manufacturing product pharma companies in india biggest pharmaceutical companies top 10 pharma companies in india 2014 medical companies list of multinational pharmaceutical companies .
xanocia lifesciences is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag good manufacturing product pharma companies in india biggest pharmaceutical companies
exmed health care is one of the best pharmaceutical franchise company in telangana .
it deals in trading and wholesaling of a wide range of pharmaceutical products and medicines .
they use the high-quality technologies to manufacture a certain product .
the company is offering pcd franchise in telangana telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana manufacturing in telangana .
tag list of top 10 pharmaceutical companies in india best pharmaceutical companies in the world new pharma companies in india
medilente pharma pvt ltd. top pharmaceutical company offering franchise in telangana
medilente pharma pvt ltd. is an emerging global pharmaceutical franchise company with the capabilities in the areas of product research manufacturing marketing .
not only this but this company is having associated iso certified pharma manufacturing units which adds to your trust .
below listed are some of the other features of this company .
it is one of the best pharmaceutical companies in telangana .
medilente pharma pvt ltd. make the best and high quality products and also delivers timely to their potential customers .
medilente pharma pvt ltd. is one the best research-oriented company that comes up with new and beneficial products .
tag gmp guidelines in pharma top pcd pharma franchise pharmaceutical companies
huckels lab is one of the fastest-growing pharmaceutical company in chandigarh operating throughout the telangana pharma market and all other indian states today .
from research and development to production and export huckels lab strive to make the world a better place by providing excellent pharmaceutical products to the people all over the telangana .
for over many years huckels lab have been bringing our clients the best possible products services and value .
huckels lab provide a big variety of medications to treat numerous conditions .
huckels lab know the needs of patients around the globe and do its best to have the remedies approved and manufactured as per pharmacetical market requirement .
huckels lab laboratories are fitted with the most advanced equipment for testing and analysis allowing it to produce the highest-quality medication round the clock .
huckels lab goal is to provide the much-needed pharmaceutical solutions to the patients in every corner of the telangana and all over india .
huckels lab is committed to fighting for a healthier telangana .
huckels lab is also into pharma top 10 pharma companies in mumbai international pharma companies in india pharma franchise company medical companies new pharmaceutical companies in india .
huckels lab is offering pcd franchise in telangana and third party manufacturing in telangana .
tag pharma top 10 pharma companies in mumbai international pharma companies in india
conclusion telangana based pcd franchise business is a good way to have the best flourishing business .
telangana is one of the major region to provide young entrepreneurs a chance to have their own fortune .
the above are the 10 top know and reputed pcd pharmaceutical company offering franchise in telangana india which offers quality service and pcd business deals to its clients .
note for more detailed list of pcd franchise company visit www.buiz.in/list_of_pharma-franchise-pcd_companies
the business offers opportunities of mutual growth for both pharma company distributors .
franchise is defines as the legal right given a company or organization to other party .
the right is given to sell their product in a given area or location as stated in the agreement .
the business format of pcd is new to the industry .
it is one of the most flourishing businesses planning which is being adopted by millions globally .
the main difference between them is the size of business .
pcd works on the smaller units with less area investment no target etc .
on the other hand pharma franchise works on larger units with large investment area of operation target etc .
things to looks before choosing the best pcd pharma franchise company here are some tips on how to choose the best pharmaceuticals company for pcd franchise which will be helpful in making the best decision for you 1 .
select a trustable and genuine company is the top most priority .
there are many fake pharma companies and you would like to be a part of this ugly scam .
try to know about the company history and about the company behavior to its franchise clients .
seek views from people like employees clients audits etc who have worked with them in order to know the company personally .
there are many cases when a franchise client was terminated and replaced with a high bidder for the same without intimation .
the goodwill of the company is an important factor to see as this will the estimation of returns and profits that you can expect from a franchise .
appealing and attractive name can help you land in a situation with better demand buildup .
availability of products their attractiveness and quality should not be altered .
the business is all about their sales which will help you gain results .
many times company offer fake list so beware of them .
every company has terms and conditions which can be in fully partially or not in favor of you .
thus listing 5 to t companies helps you choose better .
ask the arte and profit margin which is different from company to company .
better the profit margin is it is better for you and your business .
certifications acquired by the pharma company verification and certain certification are important as they mark the quality standards norms and regulation they have been following and serving which are as follows · drug controller general of india dcgi approvals · drug license no .
number and tax identification number tin · food safety and standard authority of india fssai authorization .
· good manufacturing products gmp confirmation for the manufacturing units and plants .
looking forward for starting your own business in pharma franchise or monopoly pcd ?
well pharma franchise or pcd is one of the best and profitable business for now a days .
m any of the people are now looking forward for this type of business due to its unlimited benefits .
if you want to know about the benefits of starting your own pharma franchise business ! ! !
documents needed to apply pcd franchise from a pharma company it a pharma business !
you will need to own certain list of documents which are compulsory to submit it to the main pharma franchise company before you apply for franchise copy of rent agreement of your premises if taken on lease or rent .
in case you own it a copy of blue print .
legal drug license central drug standard control organization/state drug standard control organization provides it pan number from income tax department registration copy of a limited liability partnership llp contract with attestation from partners conditional gst registration
what is pcd in pharma and how we can choose a good pcd pharma franchise ?
the working procedure of this business is reflected by its name that is pcd pharma which stands for ‘propaganda cum distribution ' in the pharma sector .
it is growing at a rapid pace in india the crystal clear reason behind its progress is that pharma organizations are one of those companies that can never end .
the business is being imitated by millions of people worldwide .
there are few things which are very important to consider before choosing an organization to get their franchise .
reputation they must have good reputation in the market .
legal documentation they must have a good deal for you with legal documentation .
standards and authorization their medicines/products need to be as per govt .
standards and company also have standardized by the govt .
terms conditions go through each and every terms and conditions of company before choosing them .
method of payment confirm and ensure complete payment method and payment procedures as it 's an important factor to consider in running a business .
quality checks need to make sure all medicine/products has been made under the process of manufacturing and packaging as per proper standards or not .
adopt policy choose whether to do business under monopoly basis or under a set of rules as per company policies .
advertisements make sure company will provide you marketing solutions advertising solutions as well as other promotional activities for increasing sales as well as branding .
like physician samples mr bags providing impact ful catalogue etc .
delivery make sure company will be able to provide your requirement timely .
keys to success there are different advantages of setting up a pharma franchise .
however the people with good experience in this field can make more of it .
instead of knowing the benefits it 's also important understand what exactly helps them in becoming beneficial .
starting with this business would require you to know a lot of things .
it 's very important for you to know the advantages as well as disadvantages of this segment you should also have the required skills for managing the business .
you should come up with a lot of ideas for mobilizing the resources for earning profits .
you should be smart enough of choosing the schemes .
pcd pharmaceuticals india top 10 pharma company 2016 pharma news india top mnc pharma companies in india third party contract manufacturing pharma third party manufacturing contract manufacturing india pharmaceutical manufacturing top 5 medicine company in india top 50 pharma companies in world need franchise pharma company list of pharma companies top 10 pcd pharma companies top 20 pharma companies in world pcd company manufacturer major pharma companies pharma pcd business list of top pharmaceutical companies list of indian pharmaceutical companies in india manufacturers of medicines in india list of all pharmaceutical companies pharmaceutical companies in top 20 biotech companies in india drugs supplier in india pharmaceuticals pcd franchise franchise for pharmaceutical companies pharma companies in india top 50 pharmaceutical companies in india top pharma industries in india pcd franchise company new pharmaceutical companies top 100 pharmaceutical companies top ten pharma company in india 2016 pharmaceutical franchise best medicine manufacturers india pharmaceutical companies websites the best pharmaceutical companies pharmaceutical manufacturing companies in mumbai pcd pharma in india small pharma companies in mumbai pharmaceutical manufacturers in india today 's pharma news in india pharma franchise business pharmaceutical factories in india pharma news today pcd medicine company best pharma company in india total pharmaceutical companies in india pharmaceutical plant best biopharma companies cgmp practices
hi i 'm trying to 'connect to server ' using my password and i 'm unable to do so by simply typing the password .
if i copy and paste it from a notepad document then it logs in just fine but if i type it in manually it does n't work .
i 'm 100 sure i 'm typing it correctly .
i 've tried many times so i 'm sure at least one of those would have been right by now but alas .
would n't it be amazing if we got a mexican suite with a sugar skull makeup ?
please correct me if it already exists i have n't been playing for that long
costbucket is one of the leading black-owned cloud accounting management software provider https www.costbucket.com/cloud-accounting in the united states .
it helps you grow your business save your time and money .
it can easily manage your entire product line sale orders and invoice reports .
schedule a free demonstration with us and see how costbucket can help you manage your accounts on the cloud .
developing an ethereum based crowdfunding platform we could n't but join this amazing event !
is taking place in prague czech republic right now !
like there are a lot of creatures out there they all have to die eventually so why is n't the woodland floor littered with squirrel bones ?
like i get other animals eat them but surely not all of them right ?
have a great new costume and am wondering what to wear it with ?
do n't celebrate halloween but enjoy the hypothetical discussion ?
inspired by a similar article https www.fragrantica.com/news/best-in-show-halloween-2018-match-the-costume-to-the-scents-11530.html from the fragrantica editors .
the black panther nasomatto black afgano memo african leather bvlgari man in black black phantom by kilian
offred comme des garçons concrete jo malone rain angelica frederic malle angeliques sous la pluie dolce gabbana light blue for women
mad scientist the escentric molecules line nomenclature shi_sõ the aether line the monoscent line
it blood concept black collection 0 map of the heart black heart l'artisan parfumeur dzing !
thoughts and comments on my free esl pronunciation activity would be appreciated .
i kept it sparse as i do n't like ppt 's that are filled with useless images .
oh and i should mention link is to my blog not my tpt store .
wall and beal vs everyone ... there is no chemistry on the court and they do n't seem like a team that enjoys each other ... it 's time to blow it up and the only tradable contract that 's worth anything is beal
im having a little trouble with some parts of the home screen and it 's interface .
is there any way to set apps like youtube or twitch on the home screen so i do n't have to go into the library anytime i want to use one ?
is there a way to change the aspect ratio ?
i got the standard 1tb model and the border of the screen does n't fit on my tv .
the games fit fine but not the home screen .
are there any things i should be aware of ?
which is kind of an improvement.. as a kid i could n't even watch people doing it on tv without panicking so if someone v*s from like alcohol and i know it 's not contagious i am 100 fine .
so the past few days have kinda been a complete nightmare scenario for me .
my mom has been v*ing for 3ish days now .
my mom is someone that goes years without v*ing so i knew she must be feeling bad .
it started after she ate some taco bell but my dad ate it too but diff food item and did not get sick after so i 'm thinking it may be sv .
my bf v*ed too but he 's always v*ing because he has stomach issues .
my dad 's sick but with a cough/sore throat not v although he felt n for a few hours the other day .
a few days ago i felt a bit off for like 2 days .
i did n't feel like eating had hot/cold flashes and was a bit n but it was mild ...
so i 'm really worried my mom has something else and may be contagious ugh .
although i 've made huge strides with my emet the past few years the thought of a contagious sv always makes me panic soo bad and i feel like i completely revert to how bad i used to be .
i 'm so anxious i 've hardly been able to eat anything and i 've been obsessively washing my hands and opening doorknobs with my shirt so my hands do n't touch the knob and i wo n't touch anything i think my mom has touched .
i 'm sleeping on the floor because she moved some stuff on my bed
i 've got a teen who could probably use a little more social time .
but i 'm american and i do n't think i 've ever heard of these sort of clubs before i moved to the uk .
in the us the ymca is basically just another gym but with more kids and cheaper .
and a village people song that never really made much sense .
is the christian part of the ymca a big deal ?
they 're asking for volunteers and i 'd be happy to help if it were the right fit ... .
yesterday i found by chance a link to a log-reader for cat became hungry .
i want to help and let them read my logs for fishing but i absoluty can´t find the link again .
the iovo network is one in which users can join in at any time but before any form of transaction can be made they have to be connected to the iovo network and act as a transmitter of transactions .
this way transactions would get to respective validators in no time at all .
'a spectre is haunting europe — the spectre of communism ... '
i know the spectre organisation is specifically non-aligned or designed to force the west against the ussr but that 's not the point .
more generally what are some good resources on how or if popular media like hollywood films were manipulated for propaganda or messaging purposes by western governments during the cold war ?
it was a song on most old youtube videos and it 's part of the free songs that you can pick on youtube when you edit videos on youtube .
i can hear the song but i ca n't seem to remember the title .
i was doing an ssd by myself with defenders and was sitting on the amplifier waiting for husks to get through and propane 's started going off .
defenders seem to go out of their way to trigger them .
shoot the f'ing ball already even if you miss it .
gives embiid a chance to rebound it or something .
but if you 're interested here 's how i made it https www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/9szeru/my_skull_kid_cosplay_and_how_i_made_it
thanks for your submission but unfortunately we 've had to remove your post .
and should i get game x or y '' get asked a lot .
ultimately however you 're going to be the best judge of whether the item in question is a good purchase for you .
if you 're trying to get a recommendation about what game to buy you should be including sufficient detail as to games you own the type of or other specifics about the game you are looking for what you enjoy in games what turns you off from games etc .
otherwise feel free to ask in our daily question thread https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/search ? q=author 3aautomoderator+daily+question+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
as long as you provide some basic information about your interests games you already own and budget they can help you out .
if you have questions or objections about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnintendoswitch subject=removal 20objection 20or 20question message 5bplease 20type 20your 20message 20here ... 5d 0d 0d 0d 0d 2ado 20not 20edit 20or 20delete 20anything 20below 20this 20line 2a 0d 0d 2d 2d 2d 0d 0d 2a 2aremoval 20notes 20for 20moderators 3a 2a 2a 0d 0dpost 20title 3a 20arms 20or 20pokken 20tournament 20dx 3f 0d 0dpermalink 3a 20https old.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/9sz5og 0d 0dcontent 20type 3a 20submission 0d 0dremoved 20by 3a 20phantomliger .
they did a second round and said they send offers/ranks through ww
i agree with you its not like i was saying not to contact youtube about it tbh i didnt think of mentioning contacting youtube my bad p
bet you ca n't '' and how fast can you '' or i bet i can x faster than you '' are the best routes to get my kid to do something .
are they essential for praying or just making the laptop too slippery for viruses to latch on ?
it felt like sw. 1000 more than tlj did .
i wish the story focused more on just the heist the kessel run and the cool gang .
i did n't need to know where he got his name his blaster or even his ship or how he started life in the empire or what kind of character he was before we met him in anh .
and so making a movie that sets up a long character journey that begins way before anh that tells us he 's really the good guy underneath it all even back then does n't mesh with the later han who reverts back to his pirate life and from writers/producers who tell us 'no one really changes ' .
you know a lot of early christians did n't have access to a personal copy of a written bible to read so do n't beat yourself up if you 're missing out on that too because of reasons outside your control .
even if you are n't able to read and retain large portions of text what you can do and what early christians did is meditate on the scripture .
call a part of it to mind and mentally chew on it .
let it be in your thinking so often that it changes your thinking and so you start seeing connections to your life and what you know of god .
i suggest starting with a small portion of the sermon on the mount https biblehub.com/net/matthew/5.htm which it jesus ' most famous sermon .
and do what it takes to get that running through your mind on a regular basis until it 's ingrained in your thought patterns and comes to mind naturally .
depending on your symptoms that might mean printing copies out and putting them where you will accidentally see them and stopping to read through each time you notice them .
it might mean setting an alarm or scheduled text or adding it to your calendar or however you manage your obligations .
it could mean turning it into a wallpaper for your computer .
it may mean adding it to your prayers asking for understanding .
and once you 've got them in you and you think of them naturally move to the next few .
i know it 's more impressive to say you 've read a chapter or book or the whole bible .
but it does you a lot more good to really take a bit at a time and make it part of yourself than to read it all and forget .
if batman can avoid dealing with his emotional trauma by becoming a violent furry so can you .
even as a patriots fan i would bust a nut with a troy polamalu card .
i would also love jr. seau teddy bruschi deion branch or james harrison .
i was talking about the bottom 2 sections on the left part of the ballot .
i appreciate you telling me about the write-in though .
i read inifity war and thought of civil war lol you might have a point
the tutorial section at the start was showing me how to parry but i started with the little underwear guy with the wooden shield and club and i do n't think he can parry .
the tutorial is also given as xbox controller buttons and i 'm using mouse and keyboard .
this does not verify that u/jsquash87 actually lent anything to u/lapret u/lapret should confirm here or nearby that the money was sent
you could try going full advanced mode and build ssto space planes ?
pretty sure you just go back there and can challenge them again and again ?
same goes for brady with 400 yards per game .
my experience is they move to following the bait fish which is ussually headed to deeper water in the winter .
however a few time while out on the rivers in va we have few groups of muskies sitting in seemingly random spots in 2-3 feet of water near shore no where near the bait fish .
it will usually take time on the water to learn the habit of the muskies in your home lake .
try throwing deep running jerkbaits and rubbers slow through the deeper water of your lake if that fails to work move to looking for bait fish in other areas around points and drop offs .
the edge of the pillow hits harder than the part you rest your head on at least in my experience .
but it should not overtake the dutch language as the defacto language at unis .
that would really piss me off and a lot of other people as well .
no but an international student above bachelor level should be able to survive '' in the university with english .
otherwise universities should make dutch mandatory so that students/researchers know beforehand what they will get .
you ca n't search for a game of hvv if you 're in one group of 8 players .
also i want to add that as more and more asian men defy stereotypes they make tremendous waves with just being that example .
if non-asians just know of one asian guy that strongly refutes the stereotype then it gets ingrained in their mind and they think there are some asian guys who are masculine '' or there are some badass asian guys '' .
i know for many non-asian females i 've dated they were n't even interested in am before asian men were never on their radar but after we dated they were open to seeing asian men as romantic beings after .
if xfs see one hot asian guy that makes them thirst trust me they 'll start considering an asian guy as an option .
it does n't mean you 're going to see hordes of xfs just wanting to date asian guys but am will start being on their radar .
it really only takes a few groundbreaking individuals to make a difference .
that 's going to really mess with any drunk ppl you run into .
i find iit really funny that ppl who want double pump back complain about smg spam .
when in reality that 's exactly what double pump was shotty spam .
i had no idea she even had an opponent .
i love injecting something dark/twisted into an otherwise bucolic scene .
aslo if you kill at least 3 people before than you have about 200 to 300 ammo already
blossom is one of the easiest dps ults to use
god damn i did n't even think of that one .
i tried setting this up as an indigon build all together but that 's waaay above the budget i had for it .
it 's a newsletter summarizing political articles from the week not an article
welcome to a sneak peek of the maclean 's politics insider newsletter .
sign-up at the bottom of the page to get it delivered straight to your inbox .
if this mirrors ninendo 's policy then why are the exact same games being censored by sony coming out on the switch uncensored ?
while it is truly stupid its not of a high priority
citrulline malate agmantine some focus elements makes for a great pump
i think you 're thinking about it the wrong way .
in you 're scenario you and the load are essentially two resistors in a series circuit .
when you grab the hot wire you 're the sole resistor in a series circuit .
he uses the decapitating a word concept twice so it 's likely he did make that up .
they give you food as well but only if you pray with them
i 'll look into this but my area does not have any shelters .
do you know if places like that accept shipped boxes ?
i use pff cuz im a scrub but he grades as above average '' somehow ...
as an excelling student myself i would say that helping out the ones that have a hard time is better .
honestly the excelling ones need support more than help .
they should give a tap on the shoulder of the people doing well and encourage them to help others with them .
this is my costume and if anybody asks if i 'm dressed up i 'll say no
the root of supply side is an early 1800 's notion that 'supply creates its own demand . '
if investors have more money they will invest that money and build stuff .
when they invest the money it is an expenditure .
by mathematical tautology since there are two sides to a transaction the investor 's expenditure becomes someone else 's income .
on paper you can show how well this works or you could until the whole idea was essentially debunked even way back then .
there are a few problems with this consideration first and foremost it is not true that income equals expenditures .
money flowing may or may not be income and most of it is not .
from there the whole thing falls like a house of cards .
another obvious flaw here which we saw plainly in the great depression was just because you build it does n't mean they will come .
unpopular opinion i dont care if i get downvoted but i must say i agree .
there was n't much of a connection between our player and his .
he just hopped on the mw train and expected us to love him the only sad deaths were the ones in mw3 .
all the fucking 8 y/o are like ooooh maaahh gooohd this guy is soo cooool he has a skull mask and barely talks ! !
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
alexa play rem its the end of the world as we know it .
i know man i was n't trying to come across as talking shit to you it was more a joke than anything .
and trust me i 'm not worried at all about my team being 5th right now we win our games we 're good .
completely agree first year of recreational is about who can provide the product .
every physical and online store is being sold out and customers will take almost anything in stock as it comes .
this gives wmd and other small cap lps a chance to pull in and keep new customers .
wmd appeals to customers from the start with their competitive pricing and range of thc/cbd product .
then these customers try the product and are impressed with the quality of the bud .
when someone gets great pricing coupled with quality product they will come back for more and probably recommend it to their peers .
wmd has already mentioned that branding will come as they understand the wants of the recreational market .
they are making moves to solidify their marketing and branding team strategies so we should see a plan within the next year .
i personally enjoy that wmd uses weedmd as their brand name so i would be happy with some new packaging or something along those lines .
maybe titles such as weedmd insert word for specified use here '' and then ghost train haze '' below it .
good that he knows good to try some oral and stuff first .
i think it 's really commonplace to build up to sex with other things for a few weeks !
you 've mentioned not being confident/not knowing what to do and my advice is honestly to watch some porn .
of course so much of it is way over done .
but just some amateur couple porn can get you more used to sexual stuff !
plus it can help you to find what turns you on .
and also on not being sure how to start stuff — do n't think too hard about how you get going cause i guarantee your bf will only just be excited about where it 's going .
i guess the habitants of that area have a practice of fixing that thing every time it flickers .
i 've had a few pieces that have stayed a bit glossy .
if it 's got a slight sheen it should n't be an issue .
by posting on this subreddit you agree that you are over the age of 18 and only want people over the age of 18 to reply to your post .
if this statement does not apply to you or you disagree with it please delete your post .
if you have any question as to why this was commented see rule 1 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/furrykikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
i should n't be surprised anymore but i always am lol
when you get older you 'll realize that in order to cope with the world in business life or social life that watching what you say often comes up with more desirable outcomes then the fleeting feeling of being able to say something you could n't keep to yourself .
now i do n't mean to belittle anyone 's age but i have a hard time assuming that someone who 's dealt with the workplace or trying to date/has a significant other does n't realize that fact .
not really maybe just a chill day at home to relax .
i 've never really had a party so it 'll just be me chilling out xd
he 's quite hard to spot but he should still be there
i 've been married to a nice woman for ten years now .
we 've had our share of disagreements and in the six years since she started going to church regularly again i 've found it rather bothersome .
it 's not bad for now but i 'm going to have to say something g if this goes any further .
i was raised going to church and believe it is a good thing g to learn from but i do t like the idea that a scary man down in hell will take you away if you do bad things .
okay yeah the shield is the biggest and the st. lawrence lowlands are smallest
we are still awaiting approval for the repeater on campus .
we got offered a donation recently so we might take some stuff from it .
the babies come from america and are legally from america !
mega keen to see what the bf1 br has to offer .
i play this game almost entirely for boss fights and currently there are a few gacha games that does a lot better than oo .
fights like deuce agrias and maybe fang had some depth into them a lot of others do not .
i was not sure if i wanted to post this toxic thread though it is a feeling post and i was curious if anyone else was underwhelmed from the hyped up cosmos mode .
my point is this game is not fun because of the new artificial difficulty compared to the content i am used to and because of this i am putting my money elsewhere .
i am sorry if this post appears to be misleading but as stated before this post is an opinion piece and i tried to back up my opinions as much as possible .
i hope you can make as much fun of this game as you possibly can .
those are all excellent players who were sold for what they were worth
david luiz was in no way worth being the most expensive defender ever at that time .
diego costa had been sulking and not playing for half a season .
say what you will about out board but all of those are excellent pieces of selling business .
i think demon tainted alloys are even better for making demon engines than normal steel/adamantine/whatever
well to state the obvious get good at riding for hours on end .
up hill downhill no hill ... just get your butt in the saddle and go .
do you need to stop to eat it or can you do it while you ride ?
sounds silly but if you 're halfway through and dealing with saddle sores you 'll regret not putting more thought into it .
a sunburn on the back of the neck or nose can get pretty painful .
little details like these can help get you through the ride as smooth as possible .
there are clear laws that govern competition but even then some law suits that you 'd think the defendant would be guilty ends up being cleared .
just go to legal advice subreddit and see how different people approach posts from different angles .
if it was black and white in today 's world we would n't really need lawyers .
you can simply google for yourself and you 'd come upon predatory pricing which is what i interpret is suggested above .
that 's my interpretation and it 's open to discussion where you say why it 's not predatory rather than tell me i 'm talking out of my ass .
i was looking at that trait the other day it would be really good against comps you can dispell stuff from but it will be dead against classes you cant really purge
so nobody talking about how yoda is casually browsing reddit ?
i was n't thinking of only focusing on base just really extending a plan .
for example maybe a plan would have 4 week base 4 week build 4 week peak .
instead of the 4 week base just keep incrementally building the 4 week plan for several months .
good for pranks and even if someone tries to rob from you they wo n't no any better in the moment .
that 's what i 've done i found that same motion picture 100 and carry it in my wallet to this day .
i was copying ops words but i suppose we should have said hardcore rule stickers '' instead
give kickstart my heart by motley crüe a try cheers mate !
we know all we need to know about abdullah and that is that he ca n't be relied on to secure the ball .
riddick coming back should help with reducing kerryon 's touches .
no idea if he 'll back soon or what his knee injury is looking like though .
playing like the team has given up on the season is a quick way for the coach to lose the team and to piss off the fanbase .
the division lead is still just a game away giving up now is stupid .
he has been very good for me with deadeye .
only downside is stamina but i make my substitutions al around the 70 min so it does n't matter that much .
also this year there are not that many great medium-priced rws in the game .
clarence lee from tennessee loved the commercials on tv .
he watched with wide believing eyes and bought everything they advertised .
cream to make his dick feel better spray to make his hair look wetter .
toothpaste for his cavities powder for his ballsack fleas ... ..
you have been visited by the spooky skeleton of doot .
pay respects to him or he will consume all of your milk .
virtually nothing on the list will be patched before release the game comes out in two weeks .
pay per view that shit and crush the national debt .
damn are you sure you 're just a bitch at chemistry ?
jesus fucking christ i get being skeptical but you need to cool it .
the chinese are complaining about the americans stealing their tech ?
for when i 'm in buildings i like the first option though depending on how big it is .
it does n't help them lay eggs chickens will lay the eggs regardless .
but creating and laying takes out a lot of energy and nutrients which can be returned by then eating the unfertilised eggs .
sweet christmas i 'm old ... . damn that is awesome
uwu just because we like dressing up as animals 3 and frolicking around and playing xd and snuggling one another v does n't mean we 're deserving of any less respect than another person !
refusing to vore my friends 9.9 just because they 're people of color !
p so why would you not offer the same respect to people of fur ?
damn even a woman in the army can atract more men than me .
team liquid is not entertaining ... .i also think that pro tournaments are boring as hell till the last 3-5 mins of the match ... .nick and aydan made that shit exciting ... .the only reason why the camera was focused on them as much ... .daequan could care less about camping like these liquid fucks he does n't even read the patch notes when released he just plays the game
so i guess it 's a wash as far as uncle sam is concerned !
ah this brings me back to my fedex office days so glad those days are behind me .
coworkers were truly amazing but customers were absolute shit .
yet another job that 's engrained in me to always treat service workers with kindness and respect
you need to do a needs analysis for your position .
what are your work to rest ratios on the field ?
what does a normal point look like for you ?
then you need to train to be able to meet these demands .
are you conditioned well enough to do these things without significant fatigue ?
can you perform all of your cuts as explosively as possible ?
if your conditioning is there then it is time to focus on being powerful and explosive .
set up drills for yourself that mimic the actions you will be performing and do them with max effort with a good amount of rest .
this will help you peak to be the most explosive version of yourself .
if you need to work on your conditioning you will have to sacrifice power in order to meet the harsh demands of the game and your position .
these are reasons why we plan our training programs the way that we do so that you can have a great foundation of specific conditioning for the sport so when it comes time to play you can focus on being explosive and powerful .
i like to vote as soon as i get it in the mail so that i can make sure that it 's received and there are n't any issues .
i know we do n't have the same issues here that places like georgia are having but it still makes me feel better to get it done asap all the same .
yeah it 's feeling a lot better with apoc .
i rolled off damage of some other skill which of course was useless .
please use the flair selector to add flair to your post .
in 5 minutes your post will be checked again and if there is still no flair it will be removed .
if this bot seems broken please feel free to send a message to the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwow subject=bot 20question
even people like little the nazi running in california was quite happy with israel .
as he wanted to the us to be jew free .
whats your excuse for so called white nationalists supporting the new brazilian president ?
it 's like asking why nazis got along with hirohito .
so illegal drug cartels do n't get the money .
so we can actually use the tax money to educate the harmful affects of the drug much like the decrease in tobacco use due to education .
so cancer patients and very sick people can access a non-toxic medication to increase their appetite .
i do n't use drugs and have no intentions of using marijuana but this is a common sense approach to this failed drug war .
hopefully laws like this will free up jails and law enforcement resources to handle much more important things .
just because marijuana is illegal does n't mean the supply and demand go away it just means that illegal drug cartels become more powerful .
i think the prohibition on alcohol displayed this perfectly .
it 's not a fact it 's his interpretation of culture and that 's not factual
saying western cultures are honorable and everyone else is n't '' is the furthest thing from a fact you can spew
not a parent but once i tricked a kid in cleaning up his toys .
i simply made it a game where the winner cleans up most toys whilst cleaning in a very slow pace .
unless dk is in the water then it should be engaurd
a prime bj penn mowed down all the lightweights in front of him .
between his mma debut at ufc 31 in 2001 and his loss to frankie edgar in 2010 he had 1 loss at lw 3 losses at ww and 1 loss at openweight where he weighted 191 lbs and machida weighed 225 .
during that time period he also had a record 3 defenses of the lw title which still has n't been surpassed .
frankie and bendo tied him but one of frankie 's defenses was a draw and bendo had 3 close decisions while bj had 3 decisive finishes .
up until his fight against yair rodriguez in 2017 he had never been dropped by a strike .
probably any job that says masters degree preferred but that your undergrad is in the right subject area ?
i 'll just be happy when he 's gone and we no longer have to deal with this bullshit .
why is it you guys love data until it does n't work in your favor .
if there were numbers to back up your claims you would n't link me an article that equates being yelled at to being shot .
you 're also focusing on deaths and not acts of violence in it 's entirety for the third time .
yes because dying is measurably worse than being told you ca n't eat somewhere .
all you 've done so far is link a couple biased articles that have regurgitated the same cherry picked stats
that 's rich from someone who shared one breightbart article .
and you 're acting as if it 's some leg to stand on .
you think your mere assertions give you higher ground ?
i 'd love to hear you explain that one .
as i said before you 're a troll and now i 've really wasted too much of my time with you .
reply if you 'd like to have the last word i do n't care and i 'm sure it will help you feel self righteous and smug .
made a beat for halloween let me know what you guys think !
would never pass a poll because it 's change and as a new player as much as i hated having to travel for an anvil the more satisfying that first set of bronze was
while an athletic trainer was checking him out he pulled his pants down and forcefully shoved her head into his ass .
she eventually got fired lawsuits ensued and both parties agreed to a gag order .
manning later broke that gag order in his biography .
just google peyton manning sexual assault and you 'll find tons of info .
i honestly do n't understand why they call df broken '' now when he barely got some bug fixes and some extra 10 shield on his passive i think ?
you 're getting the two best players in the deal .
my wife and i got into it several years ago and i was surprised how shitty some people are .
huge crossover in board gaming with comic book and dnd/pokemon/mtg circles with fat smelly weirdo dudes that stink and dont shower or clean their ass yet for some reason love to think they 're better than everyone else .
i would love to support my flgs '' but the two times i went into one it was not my cup of tea there were a lot of fat smelly nerds .
not that i 'm too cool for that but i mean i 'm an adult and i shower and know how to interact with other humans so i did n't really fit it .
you can see some of that anti-social weirdness come out in comments on this sub sometimes .
for the most part people are great but definitely some neckbeard weirdos in the mix big time .
gacha environment is highly focus on whales making whale spend 1 more would make more than minnows spend 1 more .
you 'll probably get some actual answers if you post this to r/asksciencefiction .
i have a couple in my hairline that i do n't worry about as long as they do n't change but i did have one on my knee when i was younger that my doctor removed by freezing it off with liquid nitrogen .
i definitely second having it looked at by a dermatologist .
you want to be careful about removal because of the location and have a derm handle it to minimize scarring .
maybe keep some valuables in your car in case they get hostile when your not home ?
is leveling new heroes weapons perking up weapons leveling survivors and leveling defenders not enough for you .
why is 'something to do ' always having something special over everyone else ?
this may well be the dumbest article i have read in a long time .
every other restaurant in the area is 10-15 dollars for a meal .
that 's pretty standard prices it 's 2018 not 1994 .
sounds like he is a pretentious asshat to me no pho or italian or ethiopian et cetera holy hell bud then go some where else .
the current deadlines are half of all satellites launched by 2024 and all satellites launched by 2027 .
spacex already tried to renegotiate to allow them to only launch 1,600 satellites by 2024 around a third instead of half but the fcc refused .
other constellation operators have also filed objections to spacex 's applications so spacex would have to attempt to renegotiate a deadline that they 've already failed to renegotiate in the past and it would be in the face of opposition from other operators to boot .
like everyone says there 's plenty of fish in the ocean !
even if they got your car floor they are good to eat .
at least no one can complain about another neutral palette .
i think it looks cool but would have no idea what to do with it .
i do n't see a lot of his non-stans buying it idk .
site de memes gigante que kiba tudo daqui do reddit .
if you are a starting player then any manually selected map mode other than political and maybe religious is irrelevant to you .
granted that sentence i just wrote should be one of those loading screen tips .
with experience you will feel the need for exotic map modes but there 's no need to rush that .
personally i do n't use the diplomatic map mode in actual gameplay .
the war blurb gives you a list of belligerents and i can almost always tell how strong and where each of them are .
it is however a clean and focused way to communicate to other players about ... the diplomacy in your game .
this comes in handy a lot of the time .
i can leave it home when i think it 's gon na get me in trouble
or i can rent it out when i do n't need it .
but now and then i go to a party get drunk
and the next morning i ca n't for the life of me
first i looked around my apartment and i could n't find it .
so i called up the place where the party was
so i told them if it pops up to let me know .
i called a few people who were at the party
i really do n't like being without my vagina for too long .
and i really hate having to sit down every time i take a leak .
so i went to the kiev and ate breakfast .
then as i walked down second avenue towards st. mark 's place
where all those people sell used books and other junk on the street
he wanted twenty-two bucks but i talked him down to seventeen .
people sometimes tell me i should get it permanently attached
even though sometimes it 's a pain in the ass
it must be the same artist that did that one arcanine card .
glalie using icy wind is a great touch and the giants in the back are lurking in the dark .
catalyst functionality is part of the standard put in place when obd-ii was mandated in 1996 .
if your primary motivation for staying in a relationship is that it 's easier/cheaper than being single you absolutely should not be in that relationship .
so even if you ignore his abusive disrespectful immature behavior leaving is still the right option .
white adam theilen would be translucent like some kind of football ghost or white bolt of lightning .
if you do end up writing a pattern pls let me know so i can see how much not qualified i am haha
noo sorry for the misunderstanding im just wondering if i can have more than 2 accounts shared also can i play a game they shared to me at the same time theyre playing it ?
i have peters powered up all the way and he is great .
it 's a lot of training but i 'm gon na build a rams team soon .
i also use 91 janoris jenkins and he balls out for me as a slot corner .
that sounds like why you are wanting so his height is n't an issue in the slot .
we 're just behind on the concept of nutrition as a form of medication as a society .
even more so on a site like reddit where i imagine a lot of people are n't the healthiest and wo n't touch anything remotely woo woo '' sounding with a 10 ft pole despite the science indicating that it 's not woo at all .
if you think you 're the same person overweight pumping sugar into your body as you are eating healthy and exercising then you 're being fundamentally ignorant .
why then would you not function differently burning ketone bodies as your fuel source instead of carbs ?
some of the best doctors in the us are backing keto as a great tool for treating certain sicknesses and inflammation .
it does n't work for everyone but what 's the harm in trying for a month and seeing how you feel ?
i 'm 6'3 and i ride a street glide at the moment .
i really wanted to get a scout when they first came out but then i sat on one and was reminded of riding a ninja 250 lol
his commentary is what kept me coming back to fighting tuesday when i first started playing dbfz and watching streams .
he 's just really casual which makes sense for a weekly event like this but he has no issues being professional either as shown at seam .
he 's also very knowledgable about the players at the event which is great .
for connecting the diodes if you have 3,3 v you ca n't connect all of them in series the voltage is not high enough 1,2v x 4 4,8v 3,3v
connecting diodes in parallel is not good practice so my advice is to connect two diodes in series on one pin and another two in series on another pin ... when i 'm home i will upload a schematic ...
you do need a resistor to limit the current ...
if you connect 2 leds in series the resistor you need is 47 ohms should be 45 but the closest commercial resistor is 47 and higher is better
with r being the resistor you need vdc being the power supply voltage arduino vl being the led 's forward voltage and i being the wanted current trough the leds
if you do n't limit the current by using a resistor you will destroy your leds ... and if those survive long enough you will destroy your arduino
hey it 's that wallpaper from all the crazy russian gangbang '' videos i definitely do n't masturbate to .
was it because of the lack of regulation in regards to these banks lending out money and selling the ‘aaa ' rated bonds that other banks could n't collect on ?
let the banks fail and drag the rest of us down with it ?
this sub really changed this used to go top every year
oh i have of course but i did n't know anyone on the subreddit cared haha
i lightly condition all my new boots to help with the break in .
after that i maybe condition 2-3 times a year .
i typically only use saddle soap to clean once a year unless my boots stumble into a major mess .
i brush my boots typically every other day sometimes more sometimes less .
however i will condition or clean on a as needs basis the leather usually tells you when it needs some tlc .
༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ give us the patch icefrog ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ
and plenty of ways to show us your rolls .
i have to agree they 've probably been broken up for a while because she used to post a lot of stuff involving him and now radio silence .
i 'd say the big difference is production worked more with vfx in mind back 15 years ago .
so when setting up they would try and do their best to make vfx easier setting up good green screens with good lighting etc .
i do compositing and some of the stuff we get in it 's quite clear they do n't think about vfx that much very much feels like oh do n't worry about moving that thing 1m they will fix it in post .
you seem to be implying that all the people under him dont like him
if they are all against trump well maybe its true that hes dangerous narcissistic corrupt incompetent embarassing leader .
4d chess just doesnt make sense when you see the guy cant figure out how to close an umbrella keep toilet paper off his shoe or put a thought together in a sentence
honestly last week was the first week i 've benched him and i 'm 7-1 somehow so he has n't fucked me but he 's made it interesting to say the last .
i would n't say they 've never let me down but elf .
sure i have gotten products from them that were n't all that i dreamed they 'd be but it was never devastating because of the price point .
elf is my trusty brand the one that if i need something to work right now i can run over to walmart and trust their products .
if i want to try a new beauty trend elf probably has it and for cheap .
if i need a specific colored lipstick for a certain occasion that i 'll never wear again i can spend 3 and it 'll work well .
elf has some good quality stuff for really cheap and i love that about them .
yes it 's going to be community contributed but curated changes must be accepted by admins before they go live .
worst case scenario if i randomly die which i 'm not planning on doing the whole site is open source and can just be forked .
if it 's fixed rate they cant change your rate like that .
eat stuff before going out that wo n't give you heartburn too .
stay away from acid-rich foods and things heavy in vitamin c .
if people show actually up for him yes he has a reasonable good chance of winning .
listening to yank crime for the umpteenth time and i 'm amazed that froberg still sounds nearly the same as back then .
i 've seen hot snakes twice and drive like jehu once and dude 's voice holds up .
i need to figure out how he does it .
after creating the universe in 4 days and then resting for 3 days the flying spaghetti monster created the first person a midget he then created a beautiful wench from which all humanity sprang forth from .
my qb is gon na be peterman nick mullens or lamar jackson .
20team league and every time a starter pops up someone nabs them .
is there a guide somewhere on how to lace them correctly ?
having to spend real money just to do special orders is complete b.s .
i had to read the comments to make sure i was hallucinating this
i also thought it was about to get weird after sweaty men
the heart getting some sort of uber-buff on a20 does n't seem like a bad idea honestly .
the existing a20 modifier is a little anticlimactic when the extra act 3 boss is just a speed bump compared to the heart .
okay but same 100 this is the first game i have n't skipped the cutscenes too with the option of .
i have played with a few different setups and the only lag i have ever seen is some network stuttering in a busy system in supercruise .
as far as your game experience goes elite does a good job assigning priority of building the models and motion elements first then putting texture on top so if your specs are a bit low what will probably be most noticeable is higher resolution textures loading in as they are able with a small delay where a lower resolution texture was in its place originally .
i would like for them to decide on doing a sci fi game in vein with savage starlight and then sony pop in and say hey disney is back you guys want to make a star wars game instead ?
oh and amy hennig will be joining the team feel free to make a 3rd person story driven bobba fett game where you hunt bounties across the galaxy in the slave i pssh look i 'm talking to just work your magic . ''
still have prime real estate in all of my pockets .
i 'm level 95 i actually do n't remember what my power level is it somewhere in the mid-90s when i started playing this game my building was also horrific but honestly i can probably solo your ssd for you so just send me an invite mrtubby200_yt
even in careful tutoring child may develop some sort of resentment towards the caregiver .
now children never think about killing or murdering or manipulation .
they might hate but they know nothing of consequences .
as they become teenagers they might develop a more judgmental skewed perspective and into adulthood where it has definite consequences if caught .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
my mom passed away in july i know how you feel .
it fucking sucks and it is going to suck a lot worse once the funeral is over .
i found that the following weeks were the hardest .
but it does start to get better after some times goes by but you have to let yourself grieve the loss in your own time .
i have had spells of depression insane amounts of anger and acceptance and i have bounced around in those feelings .
my mom passed away before my birthday her 59th birthday my masters graduation my parents 40th year wedding anniversary and all of the upcoming holidays that were her favorite .
if you need someone to talk to you can message me anytime .
my advice is stick close to your friends and family let yourself grieve talk about how you feel and focus on how your mom would want you to live your life .
i heard him shouting but at the time didnt see him .
so when i finally did it didnt give me the option to talk
my husband and i had the cutest samoyed puppy named blizzard .
he was so gentle with my daughter and she loved him .
anyways her first word was blizzard because she loved him so much .
there 's an arizona reddit discord link should be in sidebar where they plan meetups and generally are just good people .
just googled it is n't it mostly a used bookstore ?
also looks like they have a total of 3 events '' the entire rest of the year not exactly the sort of cultural hub i 'm thinking of .
i had it on while tiding the kitchen after a doob .
also has extended range lte compatibility so you 're getting the full set of freedom 's services
edit how do you choose an exact mission with simeon ?
do you remember the exact coordinates and time of year of playing with these sea bloobers ?
i only have 4 free ike and fjorm hector and ephraim so knowing i can splurge orbs and at least come out with a lh i do n't have makes me happy .
how was ca when you were growing up vs now ?
to be fair though the next gay famous athlete will be a very very rich man people would love him .
portuguese commentary on my stream is 🔥 i do n't understand a word of it though .
if i had 1,000 ... i would spend it .
if i had 5,000 ... ... i would spend it .
sometimes i even pay my student loans two weeks late til the next paycheck it 's awful .
what a great band but what a piece of shit .
i moved up from a town so in terms of range transport and activities its great .
fast majority of people are nice and will often strike up a friendly conversation .
i love the fact i can eat something like mexican or thai or pub grub go to an art gallery have a walk in the park listen to a busker and hop on the bus/train/luas home all within a reasonable walking distance from one another .
there 's no point even trying with those types .
i 'm more of a fan of open face on a hoagie roll but i 'd eat this
you could trap someone in the loft or the cellar .
also have kittle and doyle i could shop but doyle is on bye
even if i know it wo n't be received well for some reason that realization hits me as i 'm speaking .
i grew up with six brothers and sisters so i 'm just used to constant shit talking .
it 's normally no issue if the other person enjoys banter .
i 've gotten a little bit better but it 's still put me in some awkward situations .
its nice to know that im not the only one who it happens to d
but good players can follow you or just tap you with an ar on the way out .
bailing is n't a surefire escape i 've played games with surefire escape ... not good its just an attempt to reassess .
yeah i 've always wondered if he ever just shoots the shit with his teammates because there is n't a generation gap between them or if he 's always in coach mode .
instead of my traditional stop motion i decided to try out a hybrid stopmotion timelapse .
i 've also added music for the first time !
which you can find on the original instagram video https www.instagram.com/p/bpnft1obtqf
10x exp is with the guy near the board quest the one that looks like an assassin
my plan is to put a lot of money on ohio state to win outright simply covering the spread will not do .
we will then ride my horrible luck to victory !
i confronted him hard and he admitted to not being in .
well in german duden '' has 12 volumes 4 is grammar and is 1,344 pages long .
volume 8 is synonyms and has 1,136 pages volume 5 is foreign loan words and also has 1,136 pages etc .
this system is pretty hot with 5x120mm rad area .
around 18 or perhaps earlier if they can differentiate between education and indoctrination .
would you say it 's worth blowing a 2016 auto-lucky slot for this ?
